<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230811_10-K_edgar_data_109563_0000109563-23-000075.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13597896</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1079586</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2074722</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5576108</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2379355</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2134982</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000109563-23-000075.hdr.sgml : 20230811
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230811112049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000109563-23-000075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230811
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230811

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000109563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5080]
		IRS NUMBER:				340117420
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02299
		FILM NUMBER:		231162239

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE APPLIED PLAZA
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44115-5056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		216-426-4753

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE APPLIED PLAZA
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44115-5056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BEARINGS INC /OH/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BROWN JIM STORES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000109563-23-000075.txt : 20230811

10-K
 1
 ait-20230630.htm
 10-K

ait-20230630 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___ to ___ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.1D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter (December 31, 2022): . 
 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of August 4, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of the proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., to be held October 24, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Parts II, III, and IV of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page CAUTIONARY STATEMENT UNDER PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT 
 1 
 PART I Item 1. 
 Business 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 13 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 13 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 14 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 14 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 14 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 15 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 16 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 17 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 27 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 28 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 58 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 58 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 60 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 60 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 60 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 60 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 61 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 61 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 61 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 62 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 65 
 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 66 
 SIGNATURES 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT UNDER PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT 
 This report, including the documents incorporated by reference, contains statements that are forward-looking, based on management's current expectations about the future. Forward-looking statements are often identified by qualifiers such as guidance, expect, believe, plan, intend, will, should, could, would, anticipate, estimate, forecast, may, "optimistic" and derivative or similar words or expressions. Similarly, descriptions of our objectives, strategies, plans, or goals are also forward-looking statements. These statements may discuss, among other things, expected growth, future sales, future cash flows, future capital expenditures, future performance, and the anticipation and expectations of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. ("Applied") and its management as to future occurrences and trends. Applied intends that the forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors established in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and by the Securities and Exchange Commission in its rules, regulations, and releases. 
 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on current expectations regarding important risk factors, many of which are outside Applied's control. Accordingly, actual results may differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements, and the making of those statements should not be regarded as a representation by Applied or another person that the results expressed in the statements will be achieved. In addition, Applied assumes no obligation publicly to update or revise forward-looking statements, whether because of new information or events, or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 
 
 Applied believes its primary risk factors include, but are not limited to, those identified in the following sections of this annual report on Form 10-K: Risk Factors in Item 1A; Narrative Description of Business, in Item 1, section (c); and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7. PLEASE READ THOSE DISCLOSURES CAREFULLY. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 In this annual report on Form 10-K, Applied refers to Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation. References to we, us, our, and the Company refer to Applied and its subsidiaries. 
 We are a leading distributor and solutions provider of industrial motion, power, control, and automation technologies. Through our comprehensive network of approximately 6,200 employee associates and approximately 580 facilities including service center, fluid power, flow control, and automation operations, as well as repair shops and distribution centers, we offer a selection of more than 8.8 million stock keeping units with a focus on industrial bearings, power transmission products, fluid power components and systems, specialty flow control, and advanced factory automation solutions. We market our products with a set of service solutions including inventory management, engineering, design, assembly, repair, and systems integration, as well as customized mechanical, fabricated rubber, and shop services. Our customers use our products and services for both MRO (maintenance, repair, and operating) and OEM (original equipment manufacturing) applications across a variety of end markets primarily in North America, as well as Australia, New Zealand, and Singapore. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, Applied and its predecessor companies have engaged in business since 1923. 
 Our internet address is www.applied.com. The following documents are available via hyperlink from the investor relations area of our website: 
 Applied's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, together with Section 16 insider beneficial stock ownership reports - these documents are posted as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Applied's Code of Business Ethics 
 Applied's Board of Directors Governance Principles and Practices 
 Applied's Director Independence Standards 
 Charters for the Audit, Corporate Governance Sustainability, and Executive Organization Compensation Committees of Applied's Board of Directors 
 The information available via hyperlink from our website is not incorporated into this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS 
 Information regarding developments in our business can be found in Item 7 under the caption Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. This information is incorporated here by reference. 
 VALUE PROPOSITION 
 We serve a segment of the industrial market that requires technical expertise and service given that our products and solutions are directly tied to companies production and efficiency initiatives. As such, we believe we are integral to our customers supply chains considering the critical nature and direct exposure our solutions have on our customers core production equipment and plant capabilities. While we compete with other distributors and service providers offering products and solutions addressing this area of the industrial supply chain, we believe our industry position and value proposition benefits from relative advantages tied to the following key attributes: 
 1) Technical expertise in motion control technologies and related service offerings 
 2) Broad in-stock product offering, inventory availability, and repair capabilities 
 3) Tenured relationships with industrial customers and leading suppliers 
 4) Scale and proximity of our service center network relative to customer facilities 
 5) Leading positions in engineered fluid power and flow control solutions 
 6) Expanding capabilities in advanced automation solutions and smart technologies 
 7) Talent acquisition and development of technically-oriented sales associates, engineers, and service personnel 
 8) Business systems and distribution capabilities 
 9) Complementary offerings including indirect consumable supply inventory management 
 We focus on helping customers minimize their production downtime, improve machine performance, and reduce overall procurement and maintenance costs, as well as optimize the efficiency and safety of their facilities and equipment. A primary focus for our service center network is responding to a critical break-fix situation, which requires knowledge of a customer s facility, localized inventory, timely delivery capabilities, service execution, and accountability. In addition, our fluid power, flow control, and automation operations design, engineer, and 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 integrate solutions focused on making a customer s operations and equipment more productive, cost and energy-efficient, and automated. We believe our products and solutions are increasingly critical within the industrial supply chain given increased manufacturing activity in the U.S., potential reshoring or localization of supply chains across North America, greater supply chain investments following the pandemic, an aging and tighter customer labor force, more sophisticated production equipment and processes, a greater focus on plant floor optimization, and compliance and regulatory requirements. 
 INDUSTRY AND COMPETITION 
 We primarily compete within North America which we believe offers significant growth potential given our industry position, established distribution and sales network, market fragmentation, and customer technical requirements, as well as opportunities tied to automation and smart technologies. In addition, reshoring and localization of supply chains could be a meaningful growth catalyst in years to come. Growth within our industry is influenced by broader industrial production and capacity utilization, as well as inflation, labor dynamics, capital spending, geopolitical events, factory optimization initiatives, changes in industrial equipment technologies, and supply chain requirements. 
 Our principal competitors are specialist and general line distributors of bearings, power transmission products, fluid power components and systems, flow control solutions, industrial rubber products, linear motion components, and automation solutions, and, to a lesser extent, providers of tools, safety products, and other industrial and maintenance supplies. These competitors include local, regional, national, and multinational operations. We also compete with original equipment manufacturers and integrators. The identity and number of our competitors vary throughout the geographic, industry, and product markets we serve. 
 STRATEGIC GROWTH AND OPERATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES 
 Optimize operations and capture market share across our core service center network . Our network of service centers located close to industrial companies allows us to respond quickly and effectively to critical MRO situations involving direct production infrastructure and industrial equipment. We believe more sophisticated industrial production processes and customer labor constraints, as well as increased industrial capacity and manufacturing activity across North America could drive greater demand for our products and services. We continue to deploy initiatives to further enhance our capabilities across our service center network and gain market share. These include investments in analytics, strategic account penetration, sales process optimization, talent development, and digital channel solutions, as well as fully leveraging and cross-selling our expanded product and service platform across fluid power, flow control, automation, and consumables solutions. 
 Extend our leading fluid power and flow control position as demand for comprehensive solutions grows . We provide innovative fluid power and flow control solutions including systems design and engineering, electronic control integration, software programming, valve actuation, compliance consulting, fabrication and assembly, and dedicated service and repair. Demand for these solutions is increasing across a variety of industrial, off-highway mobile, technology, and process related applications given a greater focus on power consumption, plant efficiency and automation, emissions control, electrification, remote monitoring, advancements in machining, regulatory and compliance standards, and data analytics. We believe our service and engineering capabilities, shop network, and supplier relationships, combined with our software coding and smart technology application knowledge, are key competitive advantages. We see opportunities to leverage these advantages across new and underserved geographies, as well as through new commercial solutions that could drive a greater share gain of this market opportunity in coming years. 
 Expand automation platform and develop growth around emerging industrial technologies . We are expanding our position and capabilities focused on advanced factory automation and smart technologies that optimize and connect customers industrial supply chains. We believe we have a favorable position to capture this addressable market given our technical product focus, service capabilities, embedded customer relationships and knowledge across direct production infrastructure and equipment, and existing supplier relationships. Following several business acquisitions made in recent years, we now offer products and solutions focused on the design, assembly, integration, and distribution of machine vision, robotics, digital networking, and motion control technologies. Our emerging growth across these areas is diversifying our end-market exposure with greater penetration into technology, life sciences, logistics, and food and beverage industries. We expect to continue to expand our automation footprint and capabilities in coming years, as well as pursue opportunities tied to the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT). We believe this market potential could be meaningful as technology continues to converge within traditional industrial supply chains and end-markets. 
 Execute ongoing operational initiatives supporting margin expansion . We have a number of initiatives focused on driving operational improvements throughout the organization. Systems investments in recent 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 years including common ERP platforms are supporting opportunities in leveraging shared services, refining our sales management process, and standardizing pricing and sourcing functions, while we continue to optimize our shop and distribution network and analytics. We also remain focused on achieving margin synergies across our operations following expansion into flow control and automation. This includes enhanced pricing functions, leveraging vendor procurement, freight savings, and refined cost management. Combined with growth in more profitable areas of our business and our history of cost accountability, we see ongoing opportunity to optimize our margin profile and cash generation in coming years. 
 Pursue value-creating acquisitions to supplement growth and strengthen industry position . We expect to pursue additional acquisitions aligned with our growth strategy and long-term financial targets. We view acquisitions as an important growth consideration given high fragmentation, greater operational and technical requirements, and supplier authorizations within the markets we serve. We believe our sourcing strategy, cash generation capabilities, industry relationships, and operational discipline are key to our acquisition success. In addition, dedicated corporate teams and related support functions provide strategic oversight of critical work streams and integration execution, which we believe enhances our ability to capture synergistic value. Over the near to intermediate-term, our acquisition priorities are focused on continuing to expand our current offerings, while further enhancing our technical differentiation and value-added service capabilities. 
 OPERATIONS 
 Our distribution and sales network consists of approximately 450 locations in our Service Center Distribution segment and approximately 130 locations in our Engineered Solutions segment. This includes service centers, distribution centers, and facilities tied to our fluid power, flow control, and automation operations. Our service centers resemble local inventory hubs located in close proximity to our customers and focused primarily on MRO related fulfillment and service needs. Our fluid power, flow control, and automation locations support technical and shop-oriented services integral to the more specialized and integrated nature of the products and solutions they provide. Other operations and channels we market through include inventory management services for indirect consumable supplies and digital solutions including our Applied.com website, electronic data interchange (EDI) and other electronic interfaces with customers' technology platforms and plant maintenance systems. 
 Our distribution centers provide daily service to our service centers, helping replenish inventories and shipping products directly to customers where appropriate. An efficient supply chain and timely delivery of our products is vital to our value proposition particularly when customers require products for emergency repairs. We utilize dedicated third-party transportation providers, our own delivery vehicles, as well as surface and air common carrier and courier services. Customers may also pick up items at our service centers. We maintain product inventory levels at each service center tailored to the local market. These inventories consist of standard items as well as other items specific to local customer demand. 
 Our operations are primarily based in the U.S. where 87 of our fiscal 2023 sales were generated. We also have international operations, the largest of which is in Canada (7 of fiscal 2023 sales) with the balance (6 of fiscal 2023 sales) in Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, and Singapore. 
 SUPPLIERS 
 We are a leading distributor of products including bearings, power transmission products, engineered fluid power components and systems, specialty flow control solutions, advanced automation products, industrial rubber products, linear motion components, tools, safety products, and other industrial and maintenance supplies. 
 These products are generally supplied to us by manufacturers whom we serve as a non-exclusive distributor. The suppliers also may provide us product training, as well as sales and marketing support. Authorizations to represent particular suppliers and product lines vary by geographic region, particularly for our fluid power, flow control, and automation businesses. We believe our supplier relationships are generally good, and many have existed for decades. The disruption of relationships with certain suppliers, or the disruption of their operations, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our product suppliers typically confine their direct sales activities to large-volume transactions, mainly with large original equipment manufacturers. The suppliers generally do not sell maintenance and repair products directly to the customer, but instead refer the customer to us or another distributor. 
 MARKETS 
 We purchase from thousands of product manufacturers and resell the products to thousands of customers in a wide variety of industries, including agriculture and food processing, cement, chemicals and petrochemicals, fabricated 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 metals, forest products, industrial machinery and equipment, life sciences, mining, oil and gas, primary metals, technology, transportation, and utilities, as well as to government entities. Customers range from very large businesses, with which we may have multiple-location relationships, to very small ones. We are not significantly dependent on a single customer or group of customers, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on our business as a whole, and no single customer accounts for more than 4 of our fiscal 2023 sales. 
 SERVICES 
 We believe part of our success, differentiation, and competitive advantage is attributable to the comprehensive set of services and solutions we provide, which we view as critical given the technical nature and application of our core product offering of motion, power, control, and automation technologies. The foundation of our service capabilities lies with our technically-oriented associate team, which includes engineers, industry segment specialists, mechanics, technicians, fluid power specialists, as well as our systems, shop network, and supplier relationships. We believe knowledge and service capabilities relating to our core product offering are increasingly needed across our customer base given skilled labor constraints within their operations, maintenance requirements, and more sophisticated plant equipment and processes. Our services and solutions help customers minimize production downtime, improve machine performance, expand their engineering capabilities, and reduce overall procurement and maintenance costs. By providing high levels of service, product and industry expertise, and technical support, while at the same time offering product breadth and competitive pricing, we believe we develop stronger, longer-lasting, and more profitable customer relationships. See the Reportable Segments section below for more detail on the various service solutions we provide to customers. 
 REPORTABLE SEGMENTS 
 We report results of operations in two segments: 1) Service Center Based Distribution, and 2) Engineered Solutions. In fiscal 2023, our Service Center Based Distribution segment represented 67 of our total sales, while our Engineered Solutions segment represented 33 of our total sales. 
 Service Center Based Distribution . Our Service Center Based Distribution segment includes our legacy MRO distribution operations across North America, Australia, and New Zealand. This business operates through local service centers and distribution centers with a focus on providing products and services addressing the maintenance and repair of motion control infrastructure and production equipment. Products primarily include industrial bearings, motors, belting, drives, couplings, pumps, linear motion products, hydraulic and pneumatic components, filtration supplies, and hoses, as well as other related supplies for general operational needs of customers machinery and equipment. 
 Service center locations are stocked with product inventory tailored to each local market and staffed with customer sales and service representatives, account managers, as well as product and industry specialists. Customer sales and service representatives receive, process, and expedite customer orders, provide product information, and assist account managers in serving customers. Account managers make onsite calls to customers to provide product information, identify customer requirements, make recommendations, and assist in implementing equipment maintenance and storeroom management programs. Industry specialists assist with product applications in their areas of expertise. Service centers market product offerings with a suite of services that create additional value for the customer. This includes onsite training, product fabrication and repair, and inventory management solutions. We also provide analysis and measurement of productivity improvement and cost savings potential from these services through our Applied Documented Value-Added (DVA reports. 
 The segment includes operations focused on certain end markets and indirect consumable supplies through vendor managed inventory solutions, as well as regional fabricated rubber shops and service field crews, which install, modify, and repair conveyor belts and rubber linings, and make hose assemblies in accordance with customer requirements. 
 Engineered Solutions . Our Engineered Solutions segment includes our operations that specialize in distributing, engineering, designing, integrating, and repairing hydraulic and pneumatic fluid power technologies, and engineered flow control products and services. We believe we are the largest distributor and solutions provider of fluid power and industrial flow control products and solutions in the U.S. The segment also includes our operations that focus on advanced automation solutions, including machine vision, robotics, motion control, and smart technologies. 
 Our fluid power operations offer products and services primarily used within industrial, off-highway mobile, and technology applications. Fluid power products include hydraulic and pneumatic technologies using liquids and gases to transmit power, typically in smaller spaces than other forms of power transmission. Hydraulic products offer high power to weight ratios, high torque at low speeds, and power reliability, while pneumatic products are focused on 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 lightweight applications in need of speed and precision. Our fluid power products and solutions are commonly used for off-highway equipment, heavy industrial equipment and machines at factories, marine and offshore equipment, factory automation, food processing equipment, packaging operations, and downstream energy process systems. Operations are supported by a team of certified fluid power specialists, mechanics, technicians, and engineers that provide technical services ranging from system design and integration, electronic control integration, hydraulic assemblies, repair and rebuild, manifold design and assembly, customized filtration solutions, software programming and repair, and hydraulic system retrofits, and integration of autonomous and electrification features. 
 Our specialty flow control operations provide highly engineered process flow control products, solutions, and services. Products include pumps, valves, fittings, hoses, process instrumentation, actuators, and filtration supplies which are used to control the flow of liquids and gases in mission-critical industrial applications. Our flow control products and services are focused on MRO related applications; OEMs; and engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) firms across a variety of industries including chemicals, steel, power, oil and gas, pulp and paper, life sciences, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, and general industrials. Similar to our fluid power operations, our flow control offering includes technical service capabilities such as flow control systems integration, repair services, valve actuation, process instrumentation, pipe and hose fabrication, and compliance consulting. Our flow control solutions are increasingly used in applications tied to required infrastructure for decarbonization initiatives, including providing technical support for the configuration, assembly, and testing of process systems. 
 Our advanced automation operations provide solutions focused on the design, assembly, integration, and distribution of machine vision, collaborative robots, mobile robots, RFID, industrial networking, and machine learning technologies for OEMs, machine builders, integrators, and other industrial and technology end users. Products and solutions are marketed across a variety of industries including technology, medical, life sciences, biotechnology, data centers, food and beverage, logistics, consumer, and general industrial. Our automation business helps customers develop, produce, and integrate machine and facility automation solutions using comprehensive technology and application knowledge. A core element of our strategy and value proposition within automation is our value-added and engineered solution capabilities, enabling us to provide in-depth consultative, design, engineering, assembly, testing, and support services for various customer requirements. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 We attribute our business success to talented, dedicated employee associates who live our Core Values of integrity, respect, customer focus, commitment to excellence, accountability, innovation, continuous improvement, and teamwork. 
 At June 30, 2023, we had approximately 6,200 associates across six countries, with geographic and segment counts as follows: 
 Country 
 Associates 
 Segment 
 Associates 
 United States 
 4,800 Service Center Based Distribution 
 4,050 Canada 
 650 Engineered Solutions 
 1,850 Other Countries 
 750 Other 
 300 
 Associate Development . We strive to attract, retain, and develop a diverse group of high-performing associates, empowering them to achieve their potential and providing them opportunities to test their skills, increase their responsibilities, and advance their careers. Applied s commitment to associate development is reflected in our investments in a learning management system (offering a wide array of internal facilitated training courses, supplier product training, and other third-party courses), a modern social learning platform, and in-person training through which associates can continually expand their knowledge base and position themselves to achieve their professional goals. During the fiscal year we implemented manager training on the importance of identifying and providing resources for associate mental health needs. Approximately 55 of eligible managers have completed this training as of the end of the fiscal year. 
 Compensation and Benefits . We seek to provide competitive compensation and benefits in order to help attract and retain high quality associates. In the U.S., Applied offers comprehensive benefits with choices to fit our associates varied needs, including the following: medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug insurance; short and long-term disability benefits; life insurance plans; Section 401(k) retirement savings plan with company match; paid vacations and holidays; incentive programs in support of our pay for performance culture; an employee assistance program; and an educational reimbursement program. 
 Diversity and Inclusion . We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that is respectful to all associates and believe this serves as a cornerstone for a strong company. We employ multiple initiatives to recruit, train, and 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 advance diverse associates. In the area of recruitment, for example, we engage in on-campus events and recruitment strategies that increase our exposure to diverse populations in order to enhance the diversity of our applicant pool. 
 Health and Safety . Applied is also committed to the safety and well-being of our associates. In the U.S., all associates are required to complete specific assigned online training courses annually, which include offerings on workplace safety hazards and vehicle safety. In addition, role-specific training is assigned based on the types of hazards associates may face while carrying out their job function, such as training modules on operating in confined spaces, forklift operation, and lockout/tagout procedures. Our U.S. associates completed over 35,000 safety training courses during the fiscal year, helping to raise awareness of workplace risks. 
 SEASONALITY 
 Our business has exhibited minor seasonality. In particular, sales per day during the first half of our fiscal year have historically been slightly lower than the second half due, in part, to the impact of customer plant shutdowns, summer vacations and holidays. 
 PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, TRADE NAMES, AND LICENSES 
 Customer recognition of our service marks and trade names, including Applied Industrial Technologies , Applied , and AIT , is an important contributing factor to our sales. Patents and licenses are not of material importance to our business. 
 RAW MATERIALS AND GENERAL BUSINESS CONDITIONS 
 Our operations are dependent on general industrial and economic conditions. We would be adversely affected by the unavailability of raw materials to our suppliers, prolonged labor disputes experienced by suppliers or customers, or by events or conditions that have an adverse effect on industrial activity generally in the markets we serve or on key customer industries. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS 
 We believe that compliance with government regulations relating to the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection will not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 In addition to other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. Certain risks are identified below in Item 7 under the caption Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. This information is incorporated here by reference. Additional risks not currently known to us, risks that could apply broadly to issuers, or risks that we currently deem immaterial, may also impact our business and operations. Risks can also change over time. Further, the disclosure of a risk should not be interpreted to imply that the risk has not already materialized. 
 GENERAL ECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY RISKS 
 Our business depends heavily on the operating levels of our customers and the factors that affect them, including general economic conditions. The markets for our products and services are subject to conditions or events that affect demand for goods and materials that our customers produce. Consequently, demand for our products and services has been and will continue to be influenced by most of the same factors that affect demand for and production of customers' goods and materials. 
 When customers or prospective customers reduce production levels because of lower demand, increased supply, higher costs, supply chain or labor market disruptions, tight credit conditions, unfavorable currency exchange rates, adverse trade policies, foreign competition, other competitive disadvantage, offshoring of production, geopolitical instability, or other reasons, their need for our products and services diminishes. Selling prices and terms of sale come under pressure, adversely affecting the profitability and the durability of customer relationships, and credit losses may increase. Inventory management becomes more difficult in times of economic uncertainty. Volatile economic and credit conditions also make it more difficult for us, as well as our customers and suppliers, to forecast and plan future business activities. 
 Our business, results of operation and financial condition have been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by a pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency. The COVID-19 pandemic created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption, and resulted in lost or delayed sales to us, and we 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 experienced business disruptions as we modified our business practices. Another pandemic, including a new COVID-19 variant, or other public health emergency, together with preventative measures taken to contain or mitigate such crises, could impact our results of operations and financial condition in a variety of ways, such as: impact our customers such that the demand for our products and services could change; disrupt our supply chain and impact the ability of our suppliers to provide products as required; disrupt our ability to sell and provide our products and services and otherwise operate effectively; increase incremental costs resulting from the adoption of preventative measures and compliance with regulatory requirements; create financial hardship on customers, including by creating restrictions on their ability to pay for our services and products; result in closures of our facilities or the facilities of our customers or suppliers; and reduce customer demand on purchasing incentives we earn from suppliers. 
 In addition, a pandemic or other public health emergency could impact the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, product and energy costs, labor supply and costs, and interest rates. Any pandemic or other public health emergency could also amplify the other risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We cannot reasonably predict the ultimate impact of any pandemic or other public health emergency, including the extent of any adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, which will depend on, among other things, the duration and spread, the impact of governmental regulations that may be imposed in response, the effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate the outbreak, the availability, safety and efficacy of vaccines, including against emerging variants of the infectious disease, and global economic conditions. 
 Supply chain disruptions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our supply chain, including transportation availability, staffing, and cost, could be disrupted by natural or human-induced events or conditions, such as power or telecommunications outage, security incident, terrorist attack, war, other geopolitical events, public health emergency, earthquake, extreme weather events, fire, flood, other natural disasters, transportation disruption, labor actions, including strikes, raw materials shortages, financial problems or insolvency, trade regulations or actions, inadequate manufacturing capacity or utilization to meet demand, or other reasons beyond our control. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted certain suppliers operations and our ability to procure product to meet customer demand fully and timely. When we can find acceptable alternate sources for certain products, they may cost more. Impairment of our ability to meet customer demand could result in lost sales, increased costs, reduced profitability, and damage to our reputation. 
 Consolidation in our customers' and suppliers' industries could adversely affect our business and financial results. Consolidation continues among our product suppliers and customers. As customer industries consolidate or customers otherwise aggregate their purchasing power, a greater proportion of our sales could be derived from large volume contracts, which could adversely impact margins. Consolidation among customers can produce changes in their purchasing strategies, potentially shifting blocks of business among competing distributors and contributing to volatility in our sales and pressure on prices. Similarly, continued consolidation among suppliers could reduce our ability to negotiate favorable pricing and other commercial terms for our inventory purchases. There can be no assurance we will be able to take advantage of consolidation trends. 
 An increase in competition could decrease sales or earnings. We operate in a highly competitive industry. The industry remains fragmented, but is consolidating. Our principal competitors are specialist and general line distributors of bearings, power transmission products, fluid power components and systems, flow control solutions, automation technologies, industrial rubber products, linear motion components, tools, safety products, oilfield supplies, and other industrial and maintenance supplies. These competitors include local, regional, national, and multinational operations, and can include catalog and e-commerce companies. Competition is largely focused in the local service area and is generally based on product line breadth, product availability, service capabilities, and price. Existing competitors have, and future competitors may have, greater financial or other resources than we do, broader or more appealing product or service offerings, greater market presence, stronger relationships with key suppliers or customers, or better name recognition. If existing or future competitors seek to gain or to retain market share by aggressive pricing strategies or sales methods, business acquisition, or otherwise through competitive advantage, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. Our success will also be affected by our ability to continue to provide competitive offerings as customer preferences or demands evolve, for example with respect to product and service types, brands, quality, or prices. Technological evolution or other factors can render product and service offerings obsolete, potentially impairing our competitive position and our inventory values. 
 Our operations outside the United States increase our exposure to global economic and political conditions and currency exchange volatility. Foreign operations contributed 13 of our sales in 2023. This presence outside the U.S. increases risks associated with exposure to more volatile economic conditions, political 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 instability, cultural and legal differences in conducting business (including corrupt practices), economic and trade policy actions, and currency exchange fluctuations. 
 Our foreign operations' results are reported in the local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates affect our operating results and financial position, as well as the comparability of results between financial periods. 
 STRATEGIC AND OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 Our business could be adversely affected if we do not successfully execute our strategies to grow sales and earnings. We have numerous strategies and initiatives to grow sales, leveraging the breadth of our product offering, supplier relationships, and value-added technical capabilities to differentiate us and improve our competitive position. We also continually seek to enhance gross margins, manage costs, and otherwise improve earnings. Many of our activities target improvements to the consistency of our operating practices across our hundreds of locations. If we do not implement these initiatives effectively, or if for other reasons they are unsuccessful, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Loss of key supplier authorizations, lack of product availability, or changes in distribution programs could adversely affect our sales and earnings. Our business depends on maintaining an immediately available supply of various products to meet customer demand. Many of our relationships with key product suppliers are longstanding, but are terminable by either party. The loss of key supplier authorizations, or a substantial decrease in the availability of their products (including due to supply chain disruptions, as noted above), could put us at a competitive disadvantage and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, as a distributor, we face the risk of key product suppliers changing their relationships with distributors generally, or us in particular, in a manner that adversely impacts us. For example, key suppliers could change the following: the prices we must pay for their products relative to other distributors or relative to competing brands; the geographic or product line breadth of distributor authorizations; the number of distributor authorizations; supplier purchasing incentive or other support programs; product purchase or stocking expectations; or the extent to which the suppliers seek to serve end users directly. 
 The purchasing incentives we earn from product suppliers can be impacted if we reduce our purchases in response to declining customer demand. Certain product suppliers have historically offered to their distributors, including us, incentives for purchasing their products. In addition to market, customer account-specific, or transaction-specific incentives, certain suppliers pay incentives to the distributor for attaining specific purchase volumes during a program period. In some cases, to earn incentives, we must achieve year-over-year growth in purchases with the supplier. When demand for our products declines, we may be less inclined to add inventory to take advantage of certain incentive programs, thereby potentially adversely impacting our profitability. 
 Volatility in product, energy, labor, and other costs can affect our profitability. Product manufacturers may adjust the prices of products we distribute for many reasons, including changes in their costs for raw materials, components, energy, labor, and tariffs and taxes on imports. In addition, a portion of our own distribution costs is composed of fuel for our sales and delivery vehicles, freight, and utility expenses for our facilities. Labor costs are our largest expense. Our ability to pass along increases in our costs in a timely manner to our customers depends on execution, market conditions, and contractual limitations. Failing to pass along price increases timely in an inflationary environment, such as the current economic climate, or not maintaining sales volume while increasing prices, could significantly reduce our profitability. 
 While increases in the cost of products, labor, or energy could be damaging to us, decreases in those costs, particularly if severe, could also adversely impact us by creating deflation in selling prices, which could cause our gross profit margin to deteriorate. Changes in energy or raw materials costs can also adversely affect customers; for example, declines in oil, gas, and coal prices may negatively impact customers operating in those industries and, consequently, our sales to those customers. 
 Changes in customer or product mix and downward pressure on sales prices could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. Because we serve thousands of customers in many end markets, and offer millions of products, with varying profitability levels, changes in our customer or product mix could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. Downward pressure on sales prices could also cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. We can experience downward pressure on sales prices as a result of deflation, pressure from customers to reduce costs, or increased competition. 
 Our ability to transact business is highly reliant on information systems. A disruption or security breach could materially affect our business, financial condition, or results of operation. We depend on information systems to, among other things, process customer orders, manage inventory and accounts receivable collections, 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 purchase products, manage accounts payable processes, ship products to customers on a timely basis, maintain cost-effective operations, provide superior service to customers, conduct business communications, and compile financial results. A serious, prolonged disruption of our information systems, due to man-made or natural causes, including power or telecommunications outage, or breach in security, could materially impair fundamental business processes and increase expenses, decrease sales, or otherwise reduce earnings. 
 Because of our reliance on information systems, we are vulnerable to the growing threat of damage or intrusion from computer viruses or other cyber-attacks, including ransomware and business e-mail compromise, on our systems. Despite precautions taken to prevent or mitigate the risks of such incidents, breaches of our systems could not only cause business disruption, but could also result in the theft of funds, the theft, loss, or disclosure of proprietary or confidential information, or the breach of customer, supplier, or employee information. A security incident involving our systems, or even an inadvertent failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations, could negatively impact our sales, damage our reputation, and cause us to incur unanticipated legal liability, remediation costs, and other losses and expenses. 
 Acquisitions are a key component of our anticipated growth. We may not be able to identify or to complete future acquisitions, to integrate them effectively into our operations, or to realize their anticipated benefits. Many industries we serve are mature. As a result, acquisitions of businesses have been important to our growth. While we wish to continue to acquire businesses, we may not be able to identify and to negotiate suitable acquisitions, to obtain financing for them on satisfactory terms, or otherwise to complete acquisitions. In addition, existing and future competitors, and private equity firms, increasingly compete with us for acquisitions, which can increase prices and reduce the number of suitable opportunities; the acquisitions they make can also adversely impact our market position. 
 We seek acquisition opportunities that complement and expand our operations. However, substantial costs, delays, or other difficulties related to integrating acquisitions could adversely affect our business or financial results. For example, we could face significant challenges in consolidating functions, integrating information systems, personnel, and operations, and implementing procedures and controls in a timely and efficient manner. 
 Further, even if we successfully integrate the acquisitions with our operations, we may not be able to realize cost savings, sales, profit levels, or other benefits that we anticipate from these acquisitions, either as to amount or in the time frame we expect. Our ability to realize anticipated benefits may be affected by a number of factors, including the following: our ability to achieve planned operating results, to reduce duplicative expenses and inventory effectively, and to consolidate facilities; economic and market factors; the incurrence of significant integration costs or charges in order to achieve those benefits; our ability to retain key product supplier authorizations, customer relationships, and employees; our ability to address competitive, distribution, and regulatory challenges arising from entering into new markets (geographic, product, service, end-industry, or otherwise), especially those in which we may have limited or no direct experience; and exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the acquired company. In addition, acquisitions could place significant demand on administrative, operational, and financial resources. 
 An interruption of operations at our headquarters or distribution centers, or in our means of transporting product, could adversely impact our business. Our business depends on maintaining operating activity at our headquarters and distribution centers, and being able to receive and deliver product in a timely manner. A serious, prolonged interruption due to power or telecommunications outage, security incident, terrorist attack, war, public health emergency, earthquake, extreme weather events, other natural disasters, fire, flood, transportation disruption, or other interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 FINANCIAL AND REPORTING RISKS 
 Our indebtedness entails debt service commitments that could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our obligations and could limit or reduce our flexibility. As of June 30, 2023, we had total debt obligations outstanding of 622.2 million. Our ability to service our debt and fund our other liquidity needs will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our debt commitments may (i) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund planned capital expenditures, pay dividends, repurchase our shares, complete other acquisitions or strategic initiatives, and other general corporate purposes; (ii) limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future (either at all or on satisfactory terms) to enable us to react to changes in our business or execute our growth strategies; and (iii) place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have lower levels of indebtedness. Additionally, any failure to comply with covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default. Any of the foregoing events or circumstances relating to our indebtedness may adversely affect our business, financial position, or results of operations and may cause our stock price to decline. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, the increase in interest rates has created some tightening in the credit markets. If credit markets continue to tighten, or if it creates credit market volatility, obtaining additional or replacement financing could be more difficult and the cost of issuing new debt or replacing a credit facility could be higher than under our current facilities. 
 For more information regarding borrowing and interest rates, see the following sections below: Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7 under the caption Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; Item 7A under the caption Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk; and notes 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, included below in Item 8 under the caption Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. That information is incorporated here by reference. 
 Our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting may be insufficient to allow us to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, and this could cause our financial statements to become materially misleading and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. We require effective internal control over financial reporting in order to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we cannot provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial statements and effectively prevent fraud, our financial statements could be materially misstated, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 If we are not able to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. Any material weakness could affect investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements. As a result, our ability to obtain any additional financing, or additional financing on favorable terms, could be materially and adversely affected. This, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and the market value of our stock and require us to incur additional costs to improve our internal control systems and procedures. In addition, perceptions of the Company among customers, suppliers, lenders, investors, securities analysts, and others could also be adversely affected. 
 Goodwill, long-lived, and other intangible assets recorded as a result of our acquisitions could become impaired. We review goodwill, long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and identifiable amortizing intangible assets, for impairment whenever changes in circumstances or events may indicate that the carrying amounts are not recoverable. Factors which may cause an impairment of long-lived assets include significant changes in the manner of use of these assets, negative industry or market trends, significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, or a likely sale or disposal of the asset before the end of its estimated useful life. In 2021, we recorded a 49.5 million non-cash charge for the impairment of certain intangible, lease, and fixed assets. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had remaining 578.4 million of goodwill and 235.5 million of other intangible assets, net. We assess all existing goodwill at least annually for impairment on a reporting unit basis. The techniques used in our qualitative assessment and goodwill impairment tests incorporate a number of estimates and assumptions that are subject to change. Although we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable and reflect market conditions forecasted at the assessment date, any changes to these assumptions and estimates due to market conditions or otherwise may lead to an outcome where impairment charges would be required in future periods. 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 Our business depends on our ability to attract, develop, motivate, and retain qualified employees. Our success depends on hiring, developing, motivating, and retaining key employees, including executive, managerial, sales, professional, and other personnel. We may have difficulty identifying and hiring qualified personnel. In addition, we may have difficulty retaining such personnel once hired, and key people may leave and compete against us. With respect to sales and customer service positions in particular, we greatly benefit from having employees who are familiar with the products and services we sell, and their applications, as well as with our customer and supplier relationships. The loss of key employees or our failure to attract and retain other qualified workers could disrupt or adversely affect our business. In addition, our operating results could be adversely affected by increased competition for employees, shortages of qualified workers, higher employee turnover (including through retirement as the workforce ages), or increased employee compensation or benefit costs. 
 We are subject to legal, regulatory, and litigation risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. Changes in the legal and regulatory environment 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 in which we operate, including with respect to taxes, international trade, employment laws, and data privacy, could adversely and materially affect the Company. 
 In addition, from time to time, we are involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings that arise from our business. These may, for example, relate to product liability claims, commercial disputes, personal injuries, or employment-related matters. In addition, we could face claims or additional costs arising from our compliance with regulatory requirements, including those relating to the following: our status as a public company; our government contracts; tax compliance; our engagement in international trade; and our collection, storage, or transmission of personal data. 
 We maintain insurance policies that provide limited coverage for some, but not all, of the potential risks and liabilities associated with our business. The policies are subject to limits, deductibles, and exclusions that result in our retention of a level of risk on a self-insured basis. 
 The defense and ultimate outcome of lawsuits or other legal proceedings or inquiries may result in higher operating expenses, the inability to participate in existing or future government contacts, or other adverse consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 We believe having a local presence is important to serving our customers, so we maintain service centers and other operations in local markets throughout the countries in which we operate. At June 30, 2023, we owned real properties at 113 locations and leased 409 locations. Certain properties house more than one operation. 
 The following were our principal owned real properties (each of which has more than 50,000 square feet of floor space) at June 30, 2023: 
 Location of Principal Owned Real Property Type of Facility Cleveland, Ohio Corporate headquarters Atlanta, Georgia Distribution center, service center, hose shop Florence, Kentucky Distribution center Baldwinsville, New York Offices, warehouse, and fluid power shop Carlisle, Pennsylvania Distribution center Fort Worth, Texas Distribution center and rubber shop 
 Our principal leased real properties (each of which has more than 50,000 square feet of floor space) at June 30, 2023 were: 
 Location of Principal Leased Real Property Type of Facility Fontana, California Distribution center, rubber shop, fluid power shop, and service center Newark, California Fluid power shop Midland, Michigan Flow control shop Strongsville, Ohio Offices and warehouse Portland, Oregon Distribution center Stafford, Texas Offices, warehouse, and flow control shop Longview, Washington Service center, rubber shop, and fluid power shop Nisku, Alberta Offices, service center, shop, and distribution center Saskatoon, Saskatchewan Service center and shop 
 The properties in Baldwinsville, Newark, Midland, and Stafford are used in our Engineered Solutions segment. The Fontana and Longview properties are used in both the Service Center Based Distribution segment and the Engineered Solutions segment. The remaining properties are used in the Service Center Based Distribution segment. 
 We consider our properties generally sufficient to meet our requirements for office space and inventory stocking. 
 A service center's size is primarily influenced by the amount and types of inventory the service center requires to meet customers' needs. 
 When opening new operations, we have tended to lease rather than purchase real property. We do not consider any service center, distribution center, or shop property to be material, because we believe that, if it becomes necessary or desirable to relocate an operation, other suitable property could be found. 
 In addition to operating locations, we own or lease certain properties which in the aggregate are not material and are either for sale, lease, or sublease to third parties due to a relocation or closing. We also may lease or sublease to others unused portions of buildings. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 Applied and/or one of its subsidiaries is a party to pending legal proceedings with respect to product liability, commercial, personal injury, employment, and other matters. Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of these proceedings or the range of reasonably possible loss, we do not expect, based on circumstances currently known, that the ultimate resolution of any of these proceedings will have, either individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on Applied's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of SEC Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. 
 Applied's executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors for a term of one year, or until their successors are chosen and qualified, at the Board's organization meeting held following the annual meeting of shareholders. 
 The following is a list of the executive officers and a description of their business experience during the past five years. Except as otherwise stated, the positions and offices indicated are with Applied, and the persons were most recently elected to their current positions on October 25, 2022: 
 Name Positions and Experience Age Neil A. Schrimsher President since 2013 and Chief Executive Officer since 2011. 59 Warren E. Hoffner Vice President, General Manager-Engineered Solutions since October 2018. He served as Vice President, General Manager-Fluid Power from 2003 to October 2018. The Board of Directors designated Mr. Hoffner an executive officer in 2015. 63 Kurt W. Loring Vice President-Chief Human Resources Officer since 2014. 54 Jon S. Ploetz Vice President-General Counsel since March 2023. Prior to joining Applied, Mr. Ploetz was Vice President, Assistant General Counsel Assistant Corporate Secretary at Harsco Corporation (NYSE: HSC) from 2018 to 2023, and Assistant General Counsel, Corporate Securities prior to that. 50 Jason W. Vasquez 
 Vice President-Sales Marketing, U.S. Service Centers since June 2017. 47 David K. Wells Vice President-Chief Financial Officer Treasurer since September 2017. He served as Vice President-Finance from May 2017 through August 2017. Prior to joining Applied, Mr. Wells was Vice President Chief Financial Officer of ESAB, a manufacturer of welding and material cutting products and a division of Colfax Corporation (NYSE: CFX). 
 60 

14 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES . 
 Applied's common stock, without par value, is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol AIT. On August 4, 2023, there were 3,205 shareholders of record including 2,132 shareholders in the Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Retirement Savings Plan. 
 The following table summarizes Applied's repurchases of its common stock in the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares (b) Average Price Paid per Share ) (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) April 1, 2023 to April 30, 2023 1,500,000 May 1, 2023 to May 31, 2023 1,500,000 June 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023 1,500,000 Total 1,500,000 
 (1) On August 9, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1.5 million shares of the Company's common stock, replacing the prior authorization. We publicly announced the new authorization on August 11, 2022. Purchases can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The authorization is in effect until all shares are purchased, or the Board revokes or amends the authorization. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 
 This selected financial data should be read in conjunction with Applied's consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report as well as the section of the annual report titled Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts and statistical data) 
 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Consolidated Operations Year Ended June 30 Net sales 4,412,794 3,810,676 3,235,919 3,245,652 3,472,739 Depreciation and amortization of property 22,266 21,676 20,780 21,196 20,236 Amortization: Intangible assets 30,805 31,879 34,365 41,553 41,883 SARs and stock options 2,785 3,284 2,526 2,954 2,437 Operating income (a) (b) (c) 
 473,151 357,858 205,454 88,989 233,788 Net income (a) (b) (c) 
 346,739 257,414 144,757 24,042 143,993 Per share data: Net income: Basic 8.98 6.69 3.73 0.62 3.72 Diluted (a) (b) (c) 
 8.84 6.58 3.68 0.62 3.68 Cash dividend 1.38 1.34 1.30 1.26 1.22 Year-End Position June 30 Working capital 1,106,463 859,902 768,875 733,686 724,344 Total debt 622,248 689,495 829,396 935,276 959,829 Total assets 2,743,332 2,452,588 2,271,807 2,283,551 2,331,697 Shareholders equity 1,458,437 1,149,355 932,546 843,542 897,034 Year-End Statistics June 30 Current ratio 3.0 2.7 2.8 2.7 2.7 Operating facilities 580 568 568 580 600 Shareholders of record 3,227 3,344 3,535 3,772 4,165 Return on assets (a) (b) (c) (d) 
 13.7 11.1 6.4 1.0 6.3 Return on equity (a) (b) (c) (e) 
 26.6 24.7 16.3 2.8 16.8 Capital expenditures 26,476 18,124 15,852 20,115 18,970 Cash Returned to Shareholders During the Year Dividends paid 53,446 51,805 50,664 48,873 47,266 Purchases of treasury shares 716 13,784 40,089 11,158 Total 54,162 65,589 90,753 48,873 58,424 
 (a) In fiscal 2021, the Company recognized a non-cash impairment charge of 49.5 million as a result of reduced economic conditions and business alignment initiatives related to a portion of the Service Center Based Distribution segment exposed to oil and gas end markets . Excluding the impairment charge, the fiscal 2021 return on assets would be 8.0 and return on equity would be 20.6 . 
 (b) A goodwill impairment charge in fiscal 2020 reduced operating income by 131.0 million, net income by 118.8 million, and diluted earnings per share by 3.04. Excluding the goodwill impairment charge, the fiscal 2020 return on assets would be 6.5 and return on equity would be 16.4 . 
 (c) A long-lived intangible asset impairment charge in fiscal 2019 reduced operating income by 31.6 million, net income by 26.9 million, and diluted earnings per share by 0.69, which includes the impact of a 3.8 million valuation allowance on certain Canadian deferred tax assets. Excluding the long-lived intangible asset impairment charge, the fiscal 2019 return on assets would be 7.5 and return on equity would be 20.0 
 (d) Return on assets is calculated as net income divided by monthly average assets. 
 (e) Return on equity is calculated as net income divided by the average shareholders equity (beginning of the year plus end of the year divided by 2). 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 OVERVIEW 
 With approximately 6,200 associates across North America, Australia, New Zealand, and Singapore, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. ("Applied," the "Company," "We," "Us," or "Our") is a leading value-added distributor and technical solutions provider of industrial motion, fluid power, flow control, automation technologies, and related maintenance supplies. Our leading brands, specialized services, and comprehensive knowledge serve MRO (Maintenance, Repair Operations) and OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) end users in virtually all industrial markets through our multi-channel capabilities that provide choice, convenience, and expertise. We have a long tradition of growth dating back to 1923, the year our business was founded in Cleveland, Ohio. At June 30, 2023, business was conducted in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, and Singapore from approximately 580 facilities. 
 The following is Management's Discussion and Analysis of significant factors that have affected our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, statements of consolidated income, consolidated comprehensive income and consolidated cash flows in Item 8 under the caption "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." When reviewing the discussion and analysis set forth below, please note that a significant number of SKUs (Stock Keeping Units) we sell in any given year were not sold in the comparable period of the prior year, resulting in the inability to quantify certain commonly used comparative metrics analyzing sales, such as changes in product mix and volume. 
 Our fiscal 2023 consolidated sales were 4.4 billion, an increase of 602.1 million or 15.8 compared to the prior year, with the acquisitions of R.R. Floody Company (Floody), Automation, Inc. and Advanced Motion Systems, Inc. (AMS) increasing sales by 20.0 million or 0.5 and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 16.3 million decreasing sales by 0.4 . Gross profit margin increased to 29.2 for fiscal 2023 from 29.0 for fiscal 2022. Operating margin increased to 10.7 in fiscal 2023 from 9.4 in fiscal 2022. 
 Our diluted earnings per share was 8.84 in fiscal 2023 versus 6.58 in fiscal 2022. 
 Shareholders equity was 1,458.4 million at June 30, 2023 compared to 1,149.4 million at June 30, 2022. Working capital increased 246.6 million from June 30, 2022 to 1,106.5 million at June 30, 2023. The current ratio was 3.0 to 1 and 2.7 to 1 at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 Applied monitors several economic indices that have been key indicators for industrial economic activity in the United States. These include the Industrial Production (IP) and Manufacturing Capacity Utilization (MCU) indices published by the Federal Reserve Board and the Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) published by the Institute for Supply Management (ISM). Historically, our performance correlates well with the MCU, which measures productivity and calculates a ratio of actual manufacturing output versus potential full capacity output. When manufacturing plants are running at a high rate of capacity, they tend to wear out machinery and require replacement parts. 
 The MCU (total industry) and IP indices decreased since June 2022 correlating with an overall decrease in the economy in the same period. The ISM PMI registered 46.0 in June 2023, a decrease from the June 2022 revised reading of 53.1. A reading above 50 generally indicates expansion. The index readings for the months during the most recent quarter, along with the revised indices for previous quarter ends, were as follows: 
 Index Reading Month MCU PMI IP June 2023 78.9 46.0 99.6 May 2023 79.4 46.9 99.9 April 2023 79.9 47.1 100.1 March 2023 79.5 46.3 99.1 December 2022 78.9 48.4 97.9 September 2022 80.8 51.0 100.6 June 2022 80.5 53.1 100.0 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This discussion and analysis deals with comparisons of material changes in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. For the comparison of the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, see the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following table is included to aid in review of Applied s statements of consolidated income. 
 Year Ended June 30, As a of Net Sales Change in 's Versus Prior Period 2023 2022 Change Net Sales 100.0 100.0 15.8 Gross Profit Margin 29.2 29.0 16.3 Selling, Distribution Administrative Expense 18.4 19.7 8.6 Operating Income 10.7 9.4 32.2 Net Income 7.9 6.8 34.7 
 Sales in fiscal 2023 were 4.4 billion, which was 602.1 million or 15.8 above the prior year, with sales from acquisitions adding 20.0 million or 0.5 and unfavorable foreign currency translation accounting for a decrease of 16.3 million or 0.4 . There were 252.5 selling days in both fiscal 2023 and 2022. Excluding the impact of businesses acquired and foreign currency translation, sales were up 598.4 million or 15.7 during the year, driven by an increase from operations reflecting resilient underlying demand across both segments, structural and secular tailwinds across legacy and new markets, and support from company-specific growth opportunities. 
 The following table shows changes in sales by reportable segment. Amounts in millions Amount of change due to Year ended June 30, Sales Increase Acquisitions Foreign Currency Organic Change Sales by Reportable Segment 2023 2022 Service Center Based Distribution 2,966.8 2,565.6 401.2 (16.3) 417.5 Engineered Solutions 1,446.0 1,245.1 200.9 20.0 180.9 Total 4,412.8 3,810.7 602.1 20.0 (16.3) 598.4 
 Sales in our Service Center Based Distribution segment, which operates primarily in MRO markets, increased 401.2 million, or 15.6 . Unfavorable foreign currency translation decreased sales by 16.3 million or 0.6 . Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, sales increased 417.5 million or 16.2 during the year, driven by an increase from operations due to ongoing benefits from market position, sales process initiatives, solid growth across national strategic accounts, as well as benefits from cross-selling actions. 
 Sales in our Engineered Solutions segment increased 200.9 million or 16.1 . Acquisitions within this segment, primarily Automation, Inc., increased sales 20.0 million or 1.6 . Excluding the impact of businesses acquired, sales increased 180.9 million or 14.5 , reflecting positive underlying segment demand and driven by expanding technical and engineering capabilities, diverse end-market mix, and cross-selling initiatives, partially offset by slower order activity across the technology sector and ongoing supply chain constraints. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows changes in sales by geographical area. Other countries include Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, and Singapore. Amounts in millions Amount of change due to Year ended June 30, Sales Increase Acquisitions Foreign Currency Organic Change Sales by Geographic Area 2023 2022 United States 3,860.4 3,299.8 560.6 20.0 540.6 Canada 315.5 291.5 24.0 (16.0) 40.0 Other Countries 236.9 219.4 17.5 (0.3) 17.8 Total 4,412.8 3,810.7 602.1 20.0 (16.3) 598.4 
 Sales in our U.S. operations increased 560.6 million or 17.0 , with acquisitions adding 20.0 million or 0.6 . Excluding the impact of businesses acquired, U.S. sales were up 540.6 million or 16.4 . Sales from our Canadian operations increased 24.0 million or 8.2 . Unfavorable foreign currency translation decreased Canadian sales by 16.0 million or 5.5 . Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, Canadian sales were up 40.0 million or 13.7 . Consolidated sales from our other countries operations increased 17.5 million or 8.0 compared to the prior year. Unfavorable foreign currency translation decreased other countries sales by 0.3 million or 0.1 . Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, other countries sales were up 17.8 million or 8.1 compared to the prior year, driven by an increase from operations, primarily an 11.5 million increase in Mexican sales due to increased industrial activity, mainly related to the automotive industry. 
 Our gross profit margin increased to 29.2 in fiscal 2023 compared to 29.0 in fiscal 2022. Gross profit margin expanded year over year primarily reflecting broad-based execution across the business and countermeasures in response to ongoing inflation and supply chain dynamics. The gross profit margin for the current year was negatively impacted by 18 basis points due to a 7.7 million increase in LIFO expense over the prior year. 
 The following table shows the changes in selling, distribution, and administrative expense (SD A). Amounts in millions Amount of change due to Year ended June 30, SD A Increase Acquisitions Foreign Currency Organic Change 2023 2022 SD A 813.8 749.1 64.7 6.4 (4.3) 62.6 
 SD A consists of associate compensation, benefits and other expenses associated with selling, purchasing, warehousing, supply chain management, and marketing and distribution of the Company s products, as well as costs associated with a variety of administrative functions such as human resources, information technology, treasury, accounting, insurance, legal, facility related expenses and expenses incurred in acquiring businesses. SD A increased 64.7 million or 8.6 during fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year, and as a percentage of sales decreased to 18.4 in fiscal 2023 compared to 19.7 in fiscal 2022. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates had the effect of decreasing SD A by 4.3 million or 0.6 compared to the prior year. SD A from businesses acquired added 6.4 million or 0.9 , including 0.9 million of intangibles amortization related to acquisitions. Excluding the impact of businesses acquired and the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation, SD A increased 62.6 million or 8.3 during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, total compensation increased 47.3 million during fiscal 2023, as a result of annual calendar year merit increases and an increase in employee incentive compensation correlating with the improved company performance. Also, excluding the impact of acquisitions, travel entertainment and fleet expenses increased 4.7 million during 2023, primarily driven by higher fuel costs and the return of travel activity in the current year after travel constraints in the prior year due to COVID-19. Additionally, excluding the impact of acquisitions, occupancy costs increased 5.3 million during 2023, primarily driven by increased building lease costs. All other expenses within SD A were up 5.3 million. 
 Operating income increased 115.3 million, or 32.2 , to 473.2 million during fiscal 2023 from 357.9 million during fiscal 2022, and as a percentage of sales, increased to 10.7 from 9.4 , primarily due to gross profit margin expansion, volume leverage, and control of SD A expense in fiscal 2023. 
 Operating income, as a percentage of sales for the Service Center Based Distribution segment increased to 12.6 in fiscal 2023 from 11.8 in fiscal 2022. Operating income as a percentage of sales for the Engineered Solutions segment increased to 14.1 in fiscal 2023 from 12.6 in fiscal 2022. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Segment operating income is impacted by changes in the amounts and levels of certain supplier support benefits and expenses allocated to the segments. The expense allocations include corporate charges for working capital, logistics support and other items and impact segment gross profit and operating expense. 
 Other expense (income), net, represents certain non-operating items of income and expense, and was 1.7 million of expense in fiscal 2023 compared to 1.8 million of expense in fiscal 2022. Current year expense primarily consists of foreign currency transaction losses of 3.3 million and other periodic post-employment costs of 1.5 million, offset by unrealized gains on investments held by non-qualified deferred compensation trusts of 2.2 million, life insurance income of 0.7 million and other income of 0.2 million. Fiscal 2022 expense consisted primarily of unrealized loss on investments held by non-qualified deferred compensation trusts of 2.6 million and other periodic post-employment costs of 0.6 million, offset by life insurance income of 1.4 million. 
 The effective income tax rate was 22.9 for fiscal 2023 compared to 21.9 for fiscal 2022. The increase in the effective tax rate is due to changes in compensation-related deductions in fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year. 
 As a result of the factors discussed above, net income for fiscal 2023 increased 89.3 million from the prior year. Diluted net income per share was 8.84 per share for fiscal 2023 compared to 6.58 per share for fiscal 2022. 
 At June 30, 2023, we had approximately 580 operating facilities in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, and Singapore at June 30, 2023, versus 568 June 30, 2022. 
 The approximate number of Company employees was 6,200 at June 30, 2023 and 6,100 at June 30, 2022. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our primary source of capital is cash flow from operations, supplemented as necessary by bank borrowings or other sources of debt. At June 30, 2023 we had total debt obligations outstanding of 622.2 million compared to 689.5 million at June 30, 2022. Management expects that our existing cash, cash equivalents, funds available under the revolving credit facility, and cash provided from operations, will be sufficient to finance normal working capital needs in each of the countries in which we operate, payment of dividends, acquisitions, investments in properties, facilities and equipment, debt service, and the purchase of additional Company common stock. Management also believes that additional long-term debt and line of credit financing could be obtained if necessary based on the Company s credit standing and financial strength. 
 The Company s working capital at June 30, 2023 was 1,106.5 million compared to 859.9 million at June 30, 2022. The current ratio was 3.0 to 1 at June 30, 2023 and 2.7 to 1 at June 30, 2022. 
 Net Cash Flows 
 The following table is included to aid in review of Applied s statements of consolidated cash flows. 
 Amounts in thousands Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Net Cash Provided by (Used in): Operating Activities 343,966 187,570 Investing Activities (60,833) (35,658) Financing Activities (126,888) (223,029) Exchange Rate Effect 3,317 (2,154) Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 159,562 (73,271) 
 The increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2023 is driven by changes in working capital for the year and by increased operating results. Changes in cash flows between years related to working capital were driven by (amounts in thousands): Accounts receivable 94,460 Inventory 49,448 Accounts payable (15,915) 
 Net cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2023 included 35.8 million used for the acquisitions of Automation, Inc. and AMS and 26.5 million used for capital expenditures. Net cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2022 included 7.0 million used for the acquisition of Floody, 14.8 million million in cash payments for loans on company-owned life insurance and 18.1 million used for capital expenditures. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in financing activities decreased from the prior year period primarily due to a change in net debt activity, as there was 67.2 million of net debt payments in fiscal 2023 compared to 139.9 million of net debt payments in 2022. Further uses of cash in 2023 were 53.4 million for dividend payments and 12.9 million used to pay taxes for shares withheld. Further uses of cash in 2022 were 51.8 million for dividend payments, 8.1 million used to pay taxes for shares withheld, and 13.8 million used to repurchase 148,658 shares of treasury stock. 
 The increase in dividends over the year is the result of regular increases in our dividend payout rates. We paid dividends of 1.38 and 1.34 per share in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 to be in the 27.0 million to 29.0 million range, primarily consisting of capital associated with additional information technology equipment and infrastructure investments. 
 Share Repurchases 
 The Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of the Company s stock. These purchases may be made in open market and negotiated transactions, from time to time, depending upon market conditions. At June 30, 2023, we had authorization to purchase an additional 1,500,000 shares. 
 In fiscal 2023, we purchased 8,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an average price per share of 89.46. In fiscal 2022, we repurchased 148,658 shares of the Company's common stock at an average price per share of 92.72. In fiscal 2021,we repurchased 400,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an average price per share of 100.22. 
 Borrowing Arrangements 
 A summary of long-term debt, including the current portion, follows (amounts are in thousands): June 30, 2023 2022 Revolving credit facility 383,592 410,592 Trade receivable securitization facility 188,300 188,300 Series C Notes 40,000 Series D Notes 25,000 25,000 Series E Notes 25,000 25,000 Other 356 603 Total debt 622,248 689,495 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 152 171 622,096 689,324 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into a new revolving credit facility with a group of banks to refinance the existing credit facility as well as provide funds for ongoing working capital and other general corporate purposes. The revolving credit facility provides a 900.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility and an uncommitted accordion feature which allows the Company to request an increase in the borrowing commitments, or incremental term loans, under the credit facility in aggregate principal amounts of up to 500.0 million. In May 2023, the Company and the administrative agent entered into an amendment to the credit facility to replace LIBOR as a reference rate available for use in the computation of interest and replace it with SOFR. Borrowings under this agreement bear interest, at the Company's election, at either the base rate plus a margin that ranges from 0 to 55 basis points based on net leverage ratio or SOFR plus a margin that ranges from 80 to 155 basis points based on the net leverage ratio. Unused lines under this facility, net of outstanding letters of credit of 0.2 million to secure certain insurance obligations, totaled 516.2 million and 489.2 million at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, and were available to fund future acquisitions or other capital and operating requirements. The interest rate on the revolving credit facility was 6.11 and 2.81 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 Additionally, the Company had letters of credit outstanding not associated with the revolving credit agreement, in the amount of 4.0 million and 4.7 million as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, in order to secure certain insurance obligations. 
 In August 2018, the Company established a trade receivable securitization facility (the AR Securitization Facility ). On March 26, 2021, the Company amended the AR Securitization Facility to expand the eligible receivables, which increased the maximum availability to 250.0 million and increased the fees on the AR Securitization Facility to 0.98 per year. Availability is further subject to changes in the credit ratings of our customers, customer concentration levels or certain characteristics of the accounts receivable being transferred and, therefore, at certain 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 times, we may not be able to fully access the 250.0 million of funding available under the AR Securitization Facility. The AR Securitization Facility effectively increases the Company s borrowing capacity by collateralizing a portion of the amount of the U.S. operations trade accounts receivable. The Company uses the proceeds from the AR Securitization Facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs. In May 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the AR Securitization facility to replace LIBOR as a reference rate available for use in the computation of interest and replace it with SOFR, therefore borrowings under this facility carry variable interest rates tied to SOFR. The interest rate on the AR Securitization Facility as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was 6.16 and 2.60 , respectively. The Company classified the AR Securitization Facility as long-term debt as it has the ability and intent to extend or refinance this amount on a long-term basis. On August 4, 2023, the Company amended the AR Securitization Facility and extended the term to August 4, 2026. 
 At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company had borrowings outstanding under its unsecured shelf facility agreement with Prudential Investment Management of 50.0 million and 90.0 million, respectively. Fees on this facility range from 0.25 to 1.25 per year based on the Company's leverage ratio at each quarter end. The remaining principal balance on the "Series C" notes of the 40.0 million was paid in July 2022 . The "Series D" notes have a remaining principal amount of 25.0 million, carry a fixed interest rate of 3.21 , and are due in October 2023. The "Series E" notes have a principal amount of 25.0 million, carry a fixed interest rate of 3.08 , and are due in October 2024. 
 In 2014, the Company assumed 2.4 million of debt as a part of the headquarters facility acquisition. The 1.50 fixed interest rate note is held by the State of Ohio Development Services Agency and matures in November 2024. 
 In 2019, the Company entered into an interest rate swap which mitigates variability in forecasted interest payments on 384.0 million of the Company s U.S. dollar-denominated unsecured variable rate debt. For more information, see note 7, Derivatives, to the consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8 under the caption Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The credit facility and the unsecured shelf facility contain restrictive covenants regarding liquidity, net worth, financial ratios, and other covenants. At June 30, 2023, the most restrictive of these covenants required that the Company have net indebtedness less than 3.75 times consolidated income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (as defined). At June 30, 2023, the Company's net indebtedness was less than 0.7 times consolidated income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (as defined). The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants at June 30, 2023. 
 Accounts Receivable Analysis 
 The following table is included to aid in analysis of accounts receivable and the associated provision for losses on accounts receivable (all dollar amounts are in thousands): 
 June 30, 2023 2022 Accounts receivable, gross 
 730,729 673,951 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 22,334 17,522 Accounts receivable, net 708,395 656,429 Allowance for doubtful accounts, of gross receivables 
 3.1 2.6 Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Provision for losses on accounts receivable 
 5,619 3,193 Provision as a of net sales 
 0.13 0.08 
 Accounts receivable are reported at net realizable value and consist of trade receivables from customers. Management monitors accounts receivable by reviewing Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) and the aging of receivables for each of the Company's locations. The Company experienced a significant increase in accounts receivable during fiscal 2023 commensurate with the increase in sales. 
 On a consolidated basis, DSO was 55.1 at June 30, 2023 versus 55.7 at June 30, 2022. Approximately 2.5 of our accounts receivable balances are more than 90 days past due at June 30, 2023 compared to 3.4 at June 30, 2022. On an overall basis, our provision for losses from uncollected receivables represents 0.13 of our sales for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 0.08 of sales for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase primarily relates to provisions recorded in the current year for customer credit deterioration and bankruptcies primarily in the Service Center Based Distribution segment. Historically, this percentage is around 0.10 to 0.15 . Management believes the overall receivables aging and provision for losses on uncollected receivables are at reasonable levels. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Inventory Analysis 
 Inventories are valued using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method for U.S. inventories and the average cost method for foreign inventories. Inventory increased throughout fiscal 2022 to meet increasing customer demand. Management uses an inventory turnover ratio to monitor and evaluate inventory. Management calculates this ratio on an annual as well as a quarterly basis and uses inventory valued at average costs. The annualized inventory turnover (using average costs) for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 4.4 versus 4.7 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 The following table shows the approximate value of the Company s contractual obligations and other commitments to make future payments as of June 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Total Period Less Than 1 yr Period 2-3 yrs Period 4-5 yrs Period Over 5 yrs Other Operating leases 
 113,251 34,235 44,995 22,646 11,375 Planned funding of post-retirement obligations 
 6,561 1,360 2,770 460 1,971 Unrecognized income tax benefit liabilities, including interest and penalties 5,900 5,900 Long-term debt obligations 622,248 25,251 25,105 571,892 Interest on long-term debt obligations (1) 
 68,000 22,300 34,000 11,700 Acquisition holdback payments 
 810 684 126 Total Contractual Cash Obligations 
 816,770 83,830 106,996 606,698 13,346 5,900 
 (1) Amounts represent estimated contractual interest payments on outstanding long-term debt obligations net of receipts under the terms of the interest rate swap. Rates in effect as of June 30, 2023 are used for variable rate debt. 
 Purchase orders for inventory and other goods and services are not included in our estimates as we are unable to aggregate the amount of such purchase orders that represent enforceable and legally binding agreements specifying all significant terms. The previous table includes the gross liability for unrecognized income tax benefits including interest and penalties in the Other column as the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate regarding the timing of cash settlements, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates at a specific point in time that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and disclosed in the accompanying notes. The Business and Accounting Policies note to the consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, determining the net carrying value of trade accounts receivable, inventories, recording self-insurance liabilities and other accrued liabilities. Estimates are also used in establishing opening balances in relation to purchase accounting. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The following critical accounting policies are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 
 LIFO Inventory Valuation and Methodology 
 Inventories are valued at the average cost method, using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method for U.S. inventories, and the average cost method for foreign inventories. We adopted the link chain dollar value LIFO method for accounting for U.S. inventories in fiscal 1974. Approximately 14.2 of our domestic inventory dollars relate to LIFO layers added in the 1970s. The excess of average cost over LIFO cost is 215.3 million as reflected in our consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2023. The Company maintains five LIFO pools based on the following product groupings: bearings, power transmission products, rubber products, fluid power products and other products. 
 LIFO layers and/or liquidations are determined consistently year-to-year. See the Inventories note to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 under the caption "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," for further information. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Allowances for Slow-Moving and Obsolete Inventories 
 We evaluate the recoverability of our slow-moving and inactive inventories at least quarterly. We estimate the recoverable cost of such inventory by product type while considering factors such as its age, historic and current demand trends, the physical condition of the inventory, as well as assumptions regarding future demand. Our ability to recover our cost for slow moving or obsolete inventory can be affected by such factors as general market conditions, future customer demand and relationships with suppliers. A significant portion of the products we hold in inventory have long shelf lives and are not highly susceptible to obsolescence. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company's reserve for slow-moving or obsolete inventories was 42.6 million and 39.2 million, respectively, recorded in inventories in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Allowances for Doubtful Accounts 
 We evaluate the collectibility of trade accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. Initially, we estimate an allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of net sales based on historical bad debt experience. This initial estimate is adjusted based on recent trends of certain customers and industries estimated to be a greater credit risk, trends within the entire customer pool and changes in the overall aging of accounts receivable. While we have a large customer base that is geographically dispersed, a general economic downturn in any of the industry segments in which we operate could result in higher than expected defaults, and therefore, the need to revise estimates for bad debts. Accounts are written off against the allowance when it becomes evident that collection will not occur. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, our allowance for doubtful accounts was 3.1 and 2.6 of gross receivables, respectively. Our provision for losses on accounts receivable was 5.6 million, 3.2 million, and 6.5 million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Goodwill and Intangibles 
 The purchase price of an acquired company is allocated between intangible assets and the net tangible assets of the acquired business with the residual of the purchase price recorded as goodwill. Goodwill for acquired businesses is accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of the acquisition at their respective estimated fair values. The determination of the value of the intangible assets acquired involves certain judgments and estimates. These judgments can include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future and the appropriate weighted average cost of capital. The judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of assets acquired, as well as the estimated life of each asset, can materially impact the net income of the periods subsequent to the acquisition through depreciation and amortization, and in certain instances through impairment charges, if the asset becomes impaired in the future. As part of acquisition accounting, we recognize acquired identifiable intangible assets such as customer relationships, vendor relationships, trade names, and non-competition agreements apart from goodwill. Finite-lived identifiable intangibles are evaluated for impairment when changes in conditions indicate carrying value may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a finite-lived intangible asset be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the finite-lived intangible asset is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value determined through a discounted cash flow model. 
 We evaluate goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually as of January 1, and whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Events or circumstances that may result in an impairment review include changes in macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, other relevant entity-specific events, specific events affecting the reporting unit or sustained decrease in share price. Each year, the Company may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If impairment is indicated in the qualitative assessment, or, if management elects to initially perform a quantitative assessment of goodwill, the impairment test uses a one-step approach. The fair value of a reporting unit is compared with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 Goodwill on our consolidated financial statements relates to both the Service Center Based Distribution segment and the Engineered Solutions segment. The Company has eight (8) reporting units for which an annual goodwill impairment assessment was performed as of January 1, 2023. The Company concluded that all of the reporting units fair values exceeded their carrying amounts by at least 20 as of January 1, 2023. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The fair values of the reporting units in accordance with the goodwill impairment test were determined using the income and market approaches. The income approach employs the discounted cash flow method reflecting projected cash flows expected to be generated by market participants and then adjusted for time value of money factors, and requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues, operating margins, and discount rates. The market approach utilizes an analysis of comparable publicly traded companies and requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of future revenues, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) and multiples that are applied to management s forecasted revenues and EBITDA estimates. 
 Changes in future results, assumptions, and estimates after the measurement date may lead to an outcome where additional impairment charges would be required in future periods. Specifically, actual results may vary from the Company s forecasts and such variations may be material and unfavorable, thereby triggering the need for future impairment tests where the conclusions may differ in reflection of prevailing market conditions. Further, continued adverse market conditions could result in the recognition of additional impairment if the Company determines that the fair values of its reporting units have fallen below their carrying values. 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred income taxes are recorded for estimated future tax effects of differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and income tax purposes, giving consideration to enacted tax laws. As of June 30, 2023, the Company recognized 35.0 million of net deferred tax liabilities. Valuation allowances are provided against net deferred tax assets, determined on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis, where it is considered more-likely-than-not that the Company will not realize the benefit of such assets. The remaining net deferred tax asset is the amount management believes is more-likely-than-not of being realized. The realization of these deferred tax assets can be impacted by changes to tax laws, statutory rates and future taxable income levels. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT UNDER PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT 
 This Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis, contains statements that are forward-looking based on management s current expectations about the future. Forward-looking statements are often identified by qualifiers, such as guidance , expect , believe , plan , intend , will , should , could , would , anticipate , estimate , forecast , may , "optimistic" and derivative or similar words or expressions. Similarly, descriptions of objectives, strategies, plans, or goals are also forward-looking statements. These statements may discuss, among other things, expected growth, future sales, future cash flows, future capital expenditures, future performance, and the anticipation and expectations of the Company and its management as to future occurrences and trends. The Company intends that the forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors established in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and by the Securities and Exchange Commission in its rules, regulations, and releases. 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on current expectations regarding important risk factors, many of which are outside the Company s control. Accordingly, actual results may differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements, and the making of those statements should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the results expressed in the statements will be achieved. In addition, the Company assumes no obligation publicly to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information or events, or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 
 Important risk factors include, but are not limited to, the following: risks relating to the operations levels of our customers and the economic factors that affect them; continuing risks relating to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; inflationary or deflationary trends in the cost of products, energy, labor and other operating costs, and changes in the prices for products and services relative to the cost of providing them; reduction in supplier inventory purchase incentives; loss of key supplier authorizations, lack of product availability (such as due to supply chain strains), changes in supplier distribution programs, inability of suppliers to perform, and transportation disruptions; changes in customer preferences for products and services of the nature and brands sold by us; changes in customer procurement policies and practices; competitive pressures; our reliance on information systems and risks relating to their proper functioning, the security of those systems, and the data stored in or transmitted through them; the impact of economic conditions on the collectability of trade receivables; reduced demand for our products in targeted markets due to reasons including consolidation in customer industries; our ability to retain and attract qualified sales and customer service personnel and other skilled executives, managers and professionals; our ability to identify and complete acquisitions, integrate them effectively, and realize their anticipated benefits; the variability, timing and nature of new business opportunities including acquisitions, alliances, customer relationships, and supplier authorizations; the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities in connection with acquisitions; our ability to access capital markets as needed on reasonable terms; disruption of operations at our headquarters or distribution centers; risks and uncertainties associated with our foreign operations, including volatile economic conditions, political instability, cultural and legal differences, and currency exchange fluctuations; the potential for goodwill and intangible asset impairment; changes in accounting policies and practices; our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; organizational changes within the Company; risks related to legal proceedings to which we are a party; potentially adverse government regulation, legislation, or policies, both enacted and under consideration, including with respect to federal tax policy, international trade, data privacy and security, and government contracting; and the occurrence of extraordinary events (including prolonged labor disputes, power outages, telecommunication outages, terrorist acts, war, public health emergency, earthquakes, extreme weather events, other natural disasters, fires, floods, and accidents). Other factors and unanticipated events could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Risks can also change over time. Further, the disclosure of a risk should not be interpreted to imply that the risk has not already materialized. 
 We discuss certain of these matters and other risk factors more fully throughout our Form 10-K, as well as other of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Our market risk is impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as well as changes in interest rates. We occasionally utilize derivative instruments as part of our overall financial risk management policy, but do not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Because we operate throughout North America, Australia and New Zealand and approximately 13 of our fiscal year 2023 net sales were generated outside the United States, foreign currency exchange rates can impact our financial position, results of operations and competitive position. The financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated into their U.S. dollar equivalents at end-of-period exchange rates for assets and liabilities, while income and expenses are translated at average monthly exchange rates. Translation gains and losses are components of other comprehensive income as reported in the statements of consolidated comprehensive income. Transaction gains and losses arising from fluctuations in currency exchange rates on transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are recognized in the statements of consolidated income as a component of other expense (income), net. Applied does not currently hedge the net investments in our foreign operations. 
 During the course of the fiscal year, the Canadian, Australian and New Zealand currency exchange rates decreased in relation to the U.S. dollar by 2.9 , 3.9 , and 2.5 , respectively, while the Mexican currency exchange rate increased in relation to the U.S. dollar by 17.7 . In the twelve months ended June 30, 2023, we experienced net foreign currency translation gains totaling 7.7 million, which were included in other comprehensive income. We utilize a sensitivity analysis to measure the potential impact on earnings based on a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency rates. A 10 strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies that affect the Company from the levels experienced during the year ended June 30, 2023 would have resulted in a 1.7 million decrease in net income for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our primary exposure to interest rate risk results from our outstanding debt obligations with variable interest rates. The levels of fees and interest charged on our various debt facilities are based upon leverage levels and market interest rates. The Company uses interest rate swap instruments to mitigate variability in forecasted interest rates. 
 Our variable interest rate debt facilities outstanding include our five-year credit facility, which provides for a revolving credit facility with a capacity of up to 900.0 million in borrowings with 383.6 million outstanding at June 30, 2023, and a 188.3 million trade receivable securitization facility, all of which was outstanding at June 30, 2023. In January 2019, the Company entered into an interest rate swap on 463.0 million of the Company s U.S. dollar-denominated unsecured variable rate debt. The notional amount of the interest rate swap was 384.0 million as of June 30, 2023. The interest rate swap effectively converts a portion of the floating rate interest payment into a fixed rate interest payment. The Company designated the interest rate swap as a pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swap instrument and is accounting for this derivative as a cash flow hedge. Fixed interest rate debt facilities include 50.0 million outstanding under our unsecured shelf facility agreement, as well as 0.4 million of assumed debt from the purchase of our headquarters facility. We had total average variable interest rate bank borrowings of 587.1 million during fiscal 2023. The impact of a hypothetical 1.0 increase in the interest rates on our average variable interest rate bank borrowings (not considering the impact of the interest rate swap) would have resulted in a 5.9 million increase in interest expense. Including the impact of the interest rate swap, the impact of a hypothetical 1.0 increase in the variable interest rate would have resulted in a 2.0 million increase in interest expense. 
 For more information relating to borrowing and interest rates, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and notes 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. That information is also incorporated here by reference. In addition, see Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional risk factors relating to our business. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of consolidated income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August 11, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill - Engineered Solutions Segment - Refer to Notes 1 and 5 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units using the income and market approaches. The determination of the fair value using the income approach requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), and discount rates. The determination of the fair value using the market approach requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of future revenues, EBITDA and multiples that are applied to management s forecasted revenues and EBITDA estimates. The goodwill balance was 578.4 million as of June 30, 2023, of which 367.2 million related to reporting units within the Engineered Solutions segment. The fair value of all reporting units exceeded their carrying value by at least 20 as of the measurement date and, therefore, no impairment was recognized. 
 Given the nature of one of the reporting unit s operations within the Engineered Solutions segment, the sensitivity of the reporting unit to changes in the economy, the reporting unit s historical performance as compared to projections, 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 and the difference between its fair value and the carrying value, auditing management s judgments regarding forecasts of future revenues and EBITDA, as well as selection of the discount rate and selection of multiples applied to management s forecasted revenues and EBITDA estimates for the reporting unit, required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the forecasts of future revenues and EBITDA forecasts ), and the selection of the discount rate and selection of multiples applied to management s forecasted revenues and EBITDA estimates market multiples for this reporting unit within the Engineered Solutions segment included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, such as controls related to management s forecasts and the selection of the discount rate and market multiples used. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts by comparing the current forecasts to (1) historical results, (2) internal communications to management and the Board of Directors, and (3) forecasted information included in industry reports for the various industries the reporting unit operates within. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the discount rate, including testing the underlying source information and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the market multiples by evaluating the selected comparable publicly traded companies and the adjustments made for differences in growth prospects and risk profiles between the reporting unit and the comparable publicly traded companies. We tested the underlying source information and mathematical accuracy of the calculations. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

August 11, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1966. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, distribution and administrative expense, including depreciation Impairment expense Operating income Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Other expense (income), net ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income per share basic Net income per share diluted 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net income per the statements of consolidated income Other comprehensive income, before tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Post-employment benefits: Actuarial gain on re-measurement Termination of pension plan Reclassification of net actuarial losses and prior service cost into other expense (income), net and included in net periodic pension costs 
 Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge Reclassification of interest from cash flow hedge into interest expense ) Total other comprehensive income, before tax Income tax expense related to items of other comprehensive income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive income 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands) 
 
 June 30, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property at cost Land Buildings Equipment, including computers and software Total property at cost Less accumulated depreciation Property net Operating lease assets, net Identifiable intangibles, net Goodwill Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Current portion of long-term debt Compensation and related benefits Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities Total Liabilities Shareholders Equity Preferred stock no par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 
 Common stock no par value; shares authorized; shares issued; 
 and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury shares at cost and shares, respectively) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Impairment Expense Depreciation and amortization of property Amortization of intangibles Amortization of stock appreciation rights and options Deferred income taxes ) ) Provision for losses on accounts receivable Other share-based compensation expense Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Other operating assets ) ) ) Accounts payable Other operating liabilities Cash provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash paid for acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from property sales Life insurance proceeds Cash payments for loans on company-owned life insurance ) Cash used in Investing Activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Repayments under revolving credit facility ) Net borrowings under revolving credit facility Borrowings under long-term debt facilities Long-term debt repayments ) ) ) Interest rate swap settlement receipts (payments) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Purchases of treasury shares ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Acquisition holdback payments ) ) ) Exercise of stock appreciation rights and options Taxes paid for shares withheld ) ) ) Cash used in Financing Activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the year for: Income taxes Interest (includes interest rate swap settlements) See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Shares- at Cost Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at June 30, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends per share 
 ) ) Purchases of common stock for treasury ) ) ) Treasury shares issued for: Exercise of stock appreciation rights and options ) ) ) Performance share awards ) ) ) Restricted stock units ) ) Compensation expense stock appreciation rights Other share-based compensation expense 
 Other ) Balance at June 30, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends per share 
 ) ) Purchases of common stock for treasury ) ) ) Treasury shares issued for: Exercise of stock appreciation rights and options ) ) ) Performance share awards ) ) ) Restricted stock units ) ) ) Compensation expense stock appreciation rights Other share-based compensation expense Other ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends per share 
 ) ) Purchases of common stock for treasury ) ) ) Treasury shares issued for: Exercise of stock appreciation rights and options ) ) ) Performance share awards ) ) ) Restricted stock units ) ) ) Compensation expense stock appreciation rights Other share-based compensation expense Other ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 NOTE 1: 

35 

Table of Contents 

 and at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 of the Company s domestic inventory dollars relate to LIFO layers added in the 1970s. The Company maintains LIFO pools based on the following product groupings: bearings, power transmission products, rubber products, fluid power products and other products. LIFO layers and/or liquidations are determined consistently year-to-year. 
 The Company evaluates the recoverability of its slow moving and inactive inventories at least quarterly. The Company estimates the recoverable cost of such inventory by product type while considering factors such as its age, historic and current demand trends, the physical condition of the inventory, as well as assumptions regarding future demand. The Company s ability to recover its cost for slow moving or obsolete inventory can be affected by such factors as general market conditions, future customer demand, and relationships with suppliers. Historically, the Company s inventories have demonstrated long shelf lives, are not highly susceptible to obsolescence, and, in certain instances, can be eligible for return under supplier return programs. 
 or the life of the lease if a shorter period, and equipment is depreciated over three to . The Company capitalizes internal use software development costs in accordance with guidance on accounting for costs of computer software developed or obtained for internal use. Amortization of software begins when it is ready for its intended use, and is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software, generally not to exceed . Capitalized software and hardware costs are classified as property on the consolidated balance sheets. The carrying values of property and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset group's recorded value cannot be recovered from undiscounted future cash flows. Impairment losses, if any, would be measured based upon the difference between the carrying amount of an asset group and its fair value. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

and at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 The Company estimates and recognizes variable consideration based on historical experience to determine the expected amount to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to a customer. The Company records variable consideration as an adjustment to the transaction price in the period it is incurred. The realization of variable consideration occurs within a short period of time from product delivery; therefore, the time value of money effect is not significant. 
 Shipping and Handling Costs 
 The Company records freight payments to third parties in cost of sales and internal delivery costs in selling, distribution and administrative expense in the accompanying statements of consolidated income. Internal delivery costs in selling, distribution and administrative expense were approximately , and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 of continuous service and have ten-year contractual terms. The fair value of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units (RSUs), and performance shares are based on the closing market price of Company common stock on the grant date. 
 of their compensation, subject to Internal Revenue Code maximums. The Company partially matches 401(k) contributions by participants. The Company suspended the 401(k) match starting in the fourth quarter of 2020 and restored it in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. The Company s expense for matching of employees 401(k) contributions was , and during 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 The Company has deferred compensation plans that enable certain employees of the Company to defer receipt of a portion of their compensation. Assets held in these rabbi trusts consist of investments in money market and mutual funds and Company common stock. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 , , and in fiscal 2023 , 2022 , and 2021, respectively. The Company expects to make payments of approximately under the SERP in fiscal 2024 and 2025, respectively. 
 Key Executive Restoration Plan 
 In fiscal 2012, the Company adopted the Key Executive Restoration Plan (KERP), a funded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan, to replace the SERP. The Company recorded , , and of expense associated with this plan in fiscal 2023 , 2022 , and 2021, respectively. 
 Qualified Defined Benefit Retirement Plan 
 The Company's qualified defined benefit retirement plan provided benefits to certain hourly employees at retirement based on length of service and date of retirement. The plan accruals were frozen as of April 16, 2018, and employees were permitted to participate in the Retirement Savings Plan, following that date. The Company terminated the plan effective February 28, 2022. Participants elected to receive benefits as either a lump sum payment or through an annuity contract and the settlement of was paid from plan assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2023. As a result of the plan termination, the Company recognized a loss of in the year ended June 30, 2023, which is recorded in other expense (income), net in the statements of consolidated income. The Company recorded net periodic costs associated with this plan of and in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Retiree Health Care Benefits 
 The Company provides health care benefits, through third-party policies, to eligible retired employees who pay a specified monthly premium. Premium payments are based upon current insurance rates for the type of coverage provided and are adjusted annually. Certain monthly health care premium payments are partially subsidized by the Company. Additionally, in conjunction with a fiscal 1998 acquisition, the Company assumed the obligation for a post-retirement medical benefit plan which provides health care benefits to eligible retired employees at no cost to the individual. The Company recorded net periodic benefits associated with these plans of , , and in fiscal 2023 , 2022 , and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company has determined that the related disclosures under ASC Topic 715 - Compensation, Retirement Benefits, for these post-employment benefit plans are not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 year to years. Many of the Company s real estate leases contain renewal provisions to extend lease terms up to years. The exercise of renewal options is solely at the Company s discretion. The Company s lease agreements do not contain material variable lease payments, residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. The Company does not recognize right-of-use assets or lease liabilities for short-term leases with initial terms of 12 months or less. Leased vehicles comprise the majority of the Company s short-term leases. All other leases are recorded on the balance sheet with right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities representing lease payment obligations. The Company s leases do not provide implicit rates; therefore the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate for measuring lease liabilities. Non-lease components are accounted for separately from lease components. The Company s operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in selling, distribution and administrative expense on the statements of consolidated income. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 2: 
 Canada Other Countries Total 
 Year Ended June 30, 2022 Service Center Based Distribution Engineered Solutions Total Geographic Areas: United States Canada Other Countries Total 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 Service Center Based Distribution Engineered Solutions Total Geographic Areas: United States Canada Other Countries Total 
 Industrial Machinery Food Metals Forest Products Chem/Petrochem Cement Aggregate Oil Gas Transportation Total 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial Machinery Food Metals Forest Products Chem/Petrochem Cement Aggregate Oil Gas Transportation Total 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 Service Center Based Distribution Engineered Solutions Total General Industry Industrial Machinery Food Metals Forest Products Chem/Petrochem Cement Aggregate Oil Gas Transportation Total 
 The following tables present the Company s percentage of revenue by reportable segment and product line for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021: 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 Service Center Based Distribution Engineered Solutions Total Power Transmission General Maintenance; Hose Products Fluid Power Bearings, Linear Seals Specialty Flow Control Total 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 General Maintenance; Hose Products Fluid Power Bearings, Linear Seals Specialty Flow Control Total 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 Service Center Based Distribution Engineered Solutions Total Power Transmission General Maintenance; Hose Products Fluid Power Bearings, Linear Seals Specialty Flow Control Total 
 ) ) 
 The difference between the opening and closing balances of the Company's contract assets primarily results from the timing difference between the Company's performance and when the customer is billed. 
 
 NOTE 3: 
 , net tangible assets acquired were , and intangible assets including goodwill were based upon preliminary estimated fair values at the acquisition date, which are subject to adjustment. The Company funded this acquisition using available cash. The acquisition price and the results of operations for the acquired entity are not material in relation to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 On November 1, 2022, the Company acquired substantially all of the net assets of Automation, Inc., a Minneapolis, Minnesota based provider of automation products, services, and engineered solutions focused on machine vision, collaborative and mobile robotics, motion control, intelligent sensors, pneumatics, and other related products and solutions. Automation, Inc. is included in the Engineered Solutions segment. The purchase price for the acquisition was , net tangible assets acquired were , and intangible assets including goodwill were based upon preliminary estimated fair values at the acquisition date, which are subject to adjustment. The Company 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 , net tangible assets acquired were , and intangible assets including goodwill were based upon estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The purchase price includes of acquisition holdback payments, of which was paid during the year-ended June 30, 2023. The remaining balance of is included in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2023, and will be paid on the second anniversary of the acquisition date with interest at a fixed rate of per annum. The Company funded this acquisition using available cash. The acquisition price and the results of operations for the acquired entity are not material in relation to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 Fiscal 2021 Acquisitions 
 On December 31, 2020, the Company acquired of the outstanding shares of Gibson Engineering (Gibson), a Norwood, Massachusetts provider of automation products, services, and engineered solutions focused on machine vision, motion control, mobile and collaborative robotic solutions, intelligent sensors, and other related equipment. Gibson is included in the Engineered Solutions segment. The purchase price for the acquisition was , net tangible assets acquired were , and intangible assets including goodwill were based upon estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The purchase price included of acquisition holdback payments, of which was paid during the year-ended June 30, 2023. The Company funded this acquisition using available cash. The acquisition price and the results of operations for the acquired entity are not material in relation to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 , net tangible assets acquired were , and intangible assets including goodwill were based upon estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The Company funded this acquisition using available cash. The acquisition price and the results of operations for the acquired entity are not material in relation to the Company's consolidated financial statements . 
 
 NOTE 4: 
 Foreign inventories at average cost Less: Excess of average cost over LIFO cost for U.S. inventories Inventories on consolidated balance sheets 
 The overall impact of LIFO layer liquidations increased gross profit by , , and in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5: 
 Goodwill acquired during the year Other, primarily currency translation ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 Goodwill acquired during the year Other, primarily currency translation Balance at June 30, 2023 
 The Company has eight ) reporting units for which an annual goodwill impairment assessment was performed as of January 1, 2023. The Company concluded that all of the reporting units fair values exceeded their carrying amounts by at least as of January 1, 2023. 
 The fair values of the reporting units in accordance with the goodwill impairment test were determined using the income and market approaches. The income approach employs the discounted cash flow method reflecting projected cash flows expected to be generated by market participants and then adjusted for time value of money factors, and requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), and discount rates. The market approach utilizes an analysis of comparable publicly traded companies and requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of future revenues, EBITDA, and multiples that are applied to management s forecasted revenues and EBITDA estimates. 
 The techniques used in the Company's impairment test have incorporated a number of assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable and to reflect known market conditions at the measurement date. Assumptions in estimating future cash flows are subject to a degree of judgment. The Company makes all efforts to forecast future cash flows as accurately as possible with the information available at the measurement date. The Company evaluates the appropriateness of its assumptions and overall forecasts by comparing projected results of upcoming years with actual results of preceding years. Key assumptions (Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy) relate to pricing trends, inventory costs, customer demand, and revenue growth. A number of benchmarks from independent industry and other economic publications were also used. 
 Changes in future results, assumptions, and estimates after the measurement date may lead to an outcome where additional impairment charges would be required in future periods. Specifically, actual results may vary from the Company s forecasts and such variations may be material and unfavorable, thereby triggering the need for future impairment tests where the conclusions may differ in reflection of prevailing market conditions. Further, continued adverse market conditions could result in the recognition of additional impairment if the Company determines that the fair values of its reporting units have fallen below their carrying values. Certain events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting units may include such items as: (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows, specifically, a decrease in sales volume driven by a prolonged weakness in customer demand or other pressures adversely affecting our long-term sales trends; (ii) inability to achieve the sales from our strategic growth initiatives. 
 At June 30, 2023 and 2022, accumulated goodwill impairment losses subsequent to fiscal year 2002 totaled related to the Service Center Based Distribution segment and related to the Engineered Solutions segment. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Trade names Vendor relationships Other Total Intangibles 
 June 30, 2022 Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Finite-Lived Intangibles: Customer relationships Trade names Vendor relationships Other Total Intangibles 
 Amounts include the impact of foreign currency translation. Fully amortized amounts are written off. 
 During fiscal 2021, due to the economic downturn in the oil and gas end markets, the Company determined that certain carrying values may not be recoverable within the Company's three asset groups that have significant exposure to oil and gas end markets. The Company determined that an impairment existed in two of the three asset groups as the asset groups' carrying values exceeded the sum of the undiscounted cash flows. The fair values of the long-lived assets were then determined using the income approach, and the analyses resulted in the measurement of an intangible asset impairment loss of 45,033 , which was recorded during the second quarter of fiscal 2021, as the fair value of the intangible assets was determined to be zero. The income approach employs the discounted cash flow method reflecting projected cash flows expected to be generated by market participants and then adjusted for time value of money factors, and requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues, EBITDA, and discount rates. Key assumptions (Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy) relate to pricing trends, inventory costs, customer demand, and revenue growth. A number of benchmarks from independent industry and other economic publications were also used. The analyses of these asset groups also resulted in a fixed asset impairment loss and leased asset impairment loss of and , respectively, which were recorded during the second quarter of fiscal 2021. Sustained significant softness in certain end market concentrations could result in impairment of certain intangible assets in future periods. 
 Trade names Other Total Intangibles Acquired 
 Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for impairment when changes in conditions indicate carrying value may not be recoverable. 
 Amortization of identifiable intangibles totaled , and in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in selling, distribution and administrative expense in the statements of consolidated income. Future amortization expense based on the Company s identifiable intangible assets as of June 30, 2023 is estimated to be for 2024, for 2025, for 2026, for 2027 and for 2028. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6: 
 Trade receivable securitization facility Series C Notes Series D Notes Series E Notes Other Total debt Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 
 Revolving Credit Facility Term Loan 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into a new revolving credit facility with a group of banks to refinance the existing credit facility as well as provide funds for ongoing working capital and other general corporate purposes. The revolving credit facility provides a unsecured revolving credit facility and an uncommitted accordion feature which allows the Company to request an increase in the borrowing commitments, or incremental term loans, under the credit facility in aggregate principal amounts of up to . In May 2023, the Company and the administrative agent entered into an amendment to the credit facility to replace LIBOR as a reference rate available for use in the computation of interest and replace it with SOFR. Borrowings under this agreement bear interest, at the Company's election, at either the base rate plus a margin that ranges from to basis points based on net leverage ratio or SOFR plus a margin that ranges from to basis points based on the net leverage ratio. Unused lines under this facility, net of outstanding letters of credit of to secure certain insurance obligations, totaled and at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, and were available to fund future acquisitions or other capital and operating requirements. The interest rate on the revolving credit facility was and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 Additionally, the Company had letters of credit outstanding not associated with the revolving credit agreement, in the amount of and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, in order to secure certain insurance obligations. 
 Trade Receivable Securitization Facility 
 In August 2018, the Company established a trade receivable securitization facility (the AR Securitization Facility ). On March 26, 2021, the Company amended the AR Securitization Facility to expand the eligible receivables, which increased the maximum availability to and increased the fees on the AR Securitization Facility to per year. Availability is further subject to changes in the credit ratings of our customers, customer concentration levels or certain characteristics of the accounts receivable being transferred and, therefore, at certain times, we may not be able to fully access the of funding available under the AR Securitization Facility. The AR Securitization Facility effectively increases the Company s borrowing capacity by collateralizing a portion of the amount of the U.S. operations trade accounts receivable. The Company uses the proceeds from the AR Securitization Facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs. In May 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the AR Securitization facility to replace LIBOR as a reference rate available for use in the computation of interest and replace it with SOFR, therefore borrowings under this facility carry variable interest rates tied to SOFR. The interest rate on the AR Securitization Facility as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was and , respectively. The Company classified the AR Securitization Facility as long-term debt as it has the ability and intent to extend or refinance this amount on a long-term basis. On August 4, 2023, the Company amended the AR Securitization Facility and extended the term to August 4, 2026. 
 Unsecured Shelf Facility 
 At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company had borrowings outstanding under its unsecured shelf facility agreement with Prudential Investment Management of and , respectively. Fees on this facility range from to per year based on the Company's leverage ratio at each quarter end. The remaining principal balance on the "Series C" notes of the was paid in July 2022 . The "Series D" notes have a remaining principal amount of , carry a fixed interest rate of , and are due in October 2023. The "Series E" notes have a principal amount of , carry a fixed interest rate of , and are due in October 2024. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 of debt as a part of the headquarters facility acquisition. The fixed interest rate note is held by the State of Ohio Development Services Agency and matures in November 2024. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 Covenants 
 The credit facility and the unsecured shelf facility contain restrictive covenants regarding liquidity, net worth, financial ratios, and other covenants. At June 30, 2023, the most restrictive of these covenants required that the Company have net indebtedness less than 3.75 times consolidated income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (as defined). At June 30, 2023, the Company's net indebtedness was less than 0 .7 times consolidated income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (as defined). The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants at June 30, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 7: 
 of the Company s U.S. dollar-denominated unsecured variable rate debt. The notional amount declines over time. The interest rate swap effectively converts a portion of the floating rate interest payment into a fixed rate interest payment. The Company designated the interest rate swap as a pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swap instrument and is accounting for this derivative as a cash flow hedge. During the quarter ended December 31, 2020, the Company completed a transaction to amend and extend the interest rate swap agreement which resulted in an extension of the maturity date by an additional three years and a decrease of the weighted average fixed pay rate from to . The pay-fixed interest rate swap is considered a hybrid instrument with a financing component and an embedded at-market derivative that was designated as a cash flow hedge. In May 2023, the Company entered into bilateral agreements with its swap counterparties to transition its interest rate swap agreements to SOFR, and further decreased the weighted average fixed pay rate to . The Company 
 47 

Table of Contents 

of variable rate debt to a rate of as of June 30, 2023. The interest rate swap converted of variable rate debt to a rate of as of June 30, 2022. The fair value (Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy) of the interest rate cash flow hedge was and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, which is included in other current assets and other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income, before tax, to interest expense totaled ), , and for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 8: 
 and , respectively. The majority of these marketable securities are held in a rabbi trust for a non-qualified deferred compensation plan. The marketable securities are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and their fair values were valued using quoted market prices (Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy). 
 As of June 30, 2023, the carrying value of the Company's fixed interest rate debt outstanding under its unsecured shelf facility agreement with Prudential Investment Management approximates fair value (Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy). 
 The revolving credit facility contains variable interest rates and its carrying value approximates fair value (Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy). 
 
 NOTE 9: 
 Foreign Income before income taxes 
 Provision 
 State and local Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Effects of: State and local taxes Stock compensation ) ) ) GILTI/FDII ) R D credit ) ) ) U.S. tax on foreign income, net ) ) Impact of foreign operations Non-deductibles/Deductible dividend Interest deduction ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Other, net ) Effective income tax rate 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Other expenses and reserves not currently deductible Leases Net operating loss carryforwards Capitalization of R D costs Other Total deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Inventories ) ) Goodwill and intangibles ) ) Leases ) ) Hedging instrument ) ) Depreciation and differences in property bases ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities are classified as follows: Other assets Other liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and , respectively, the tax benefit of which is approximately and , respectively. These loss carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in 2033. Also, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards, the tax benefit of which is approximately and , respectively, which will expire at various dates beginning in 2027. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. The total valuation allowance provided against the deferred tax assets in Canada and Mexico is and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had accumulated undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries of approximately . The vast majority of such earnings have previously been subjected to the one-time transition tax or the Global Intangible Low Taxed Income ("GILTI") inclusion. Therefore, any additional taxes due with respect to such earnings or the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of our foreign investments would generally be limited to foreign withholding and state income taxes. In addition, we expect foreign tax credits would be available to either offset or partially reduce the tax cost in the event of a distribution. We intend, however, to indefinitely reinvest these earnings and expect future U.S. cash generation to be sufficient to meet future U.S. cash needs. 
 Unrecognized Income Tax Benefits 
 Current year tax positions Prior year tax positions ) ) Expirations of statutes of limitations ) ) ) Unrecognized Income Tax Benefits at end of year 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in the provision for income taxes. During 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized , ), and of expense (income), respectively, for interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax benefits in its statements of consolidated income. The Company had a liability for penalties and interest of , , and as of June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company does not anticipate a significant change to the total amount of unrecognized income tax benefits within the next twelve months. Included in the balance of unrecognized income tax benefits at June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 are , , and respectively, of income tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective income tax rate. 
 The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for the tax years 2019 through 2023 and to state and local income tax examinations for the tax years 2017 through 2023. In addition, the Company is subject to foreign income tax examinations for the tax years 2016 through 2023. 
 The Company s unrecognized income tax benefits are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets since payment of cash is not expected within one year, or as a reduction of a deferred tax asset. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10: 
 shares of the Company s common stock held as treasury shares were restricted as collateral under escrow arrangements relating to change in control and director and officer indemnification agreements. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive income Balance at June 30, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) Balance at June 30, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 Other Comprehensive Income 
 ) ) Post-employment benefits: 
 Actuarial gain on re-measurement 
 Reclassification of actuarial losses and prior service cost into other expense (income), net and included in net periodic pension costs Termination of pension plan Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge Reclassification of interest from cash flow hedge into interest expense 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Average Shares Outstanding: Weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic computation Dilutive effect of potential common shares Weighted-average common shares outstanding for dilutive computation Net Income Per Share Basic Net Income Per Share Diluted 
 Stock awards relating to , and shares of common stock were outstanding at June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years then ended as they were anti-dilutive. 
 
 NOTE 11: 
 Performance shares Restricted stock and RSUs Total compensation costs under award programs 
 Such amounts are included in selling, distribution and administrative expense in the accompanying statements of consolidated income. The total income tax benefit recognized in the statements of consolidated income for share-based compensation plans was , , and for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. It has been the practice of the Company to issue shares from treasury to satisfy requirements of awards paid with shares. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Performance shares Restricted stock and RSUs Total unrecognized compensation costs under award programs 
 Cost of these programs will be recognized as expense over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of years. The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may be awarded under the 2019 Plan is ; shares available for future grants at June 30, 2023 were . 
 Stock Appreciation Rights and Stock Options 
 Risk free interest rate Dividend yield Volatility Per share fair value of SARs granted during the year 
 The expected life is based upon historical exercise experience of the officers, other key employees and members of the Board of Directors. The risk free interest rate is based upon U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with remaining terms equal to the expected life of the SARs. The assumed dividend yield has been estimated based upon the Company s historical results and expectations for changes in dividends and stock prices. The volatility assumption is calculated based upon historical daily price observations of the Company s common stock for a period equal to the expected life. 
 SARs are redeemable solely in Company common stock. The exercise price of stock option awards may be settled by the holder with cash or by tendering Company common stock. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, end of year Exercisable at end of year Expected to vest at end of year 
 The weighted-average remaining contractual terms for SARs and stock options outstanding, exercisable, and expected to vest at June 30, 2023 were , , and years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values of SARs and stock options outstanding, exercisable, and expected to vest at June 30, 2023 were , and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the SARs and stock options exercised during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and , respectively. 
 The total fair value of shares vested during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and , respectively. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Awarded Forfeitures ) Vested ) Non-vested, end of year 
 The Committee set three one-year goals for each of the 2023, 2022, and 2021 grants. Each fiscal year during the three-year term has its own separate goals, tied to the Company s earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) and after-tax return on assets (ROA). Achievement during any particular fiscal year is awarded and banked for payout at the end of the three-year term. For the outstanding grants as of June 30, 2023, the maximum number of shares that could be earned in future periods was . 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 Under the 2019 Plan, restricted stock award recipients have voting rights with respect to their shares, but are restricted from selling or transferring the shares prior to vesting; dividends are accrued and paid upon vesting. Restricted stock awards vest over periods of one to four years. RSUs are grants valued in shares of Applied stock, but shares are not issued until the grants vest three to five years from the award date, assuming continued employment with Applied; dividend equivalents on RSUs are accrued and paid upon vesting. 
 Granted Forfeitures ) Vested ) Non-vested, end of year 

54 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12: 
 and , respectively, for the year ended June 30, 2023 and and , respectively, for the year ended June 30, 2022. Variable lease costs and sublease income were not material. 
 Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities 31,173 30,114 Other liabilities 72,704 80,807 Total operating lease liabilities 103,877 110,921 
 June 30, 2023 2022 Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average incremental borrowing rate 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Cash paid for operating leases 
 Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 The Company maintains lease agreements for many of the operating facilities of businesses it acquires from previous owners. In many cases, the previous owners of the business acquired become employees of Applied and occupy management positions within those businesses. The payments under lease agreements of this nature totaled in 2023, and in each of 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NOTE 13: 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 , , and , in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, have been eliminated in the following table. 
 Operating income for reportable segments Assets used in the business Depreciation and amortization of property Capital expenditures Year Ended June 30, 2022 Net sales Operating income for reportable segments Assets used in the business Depreciation and amortization of property Capital expenditures Year Ended June 30, 2021 Net sales Operating income for reportable segments Assets used in the business Depreciation and amortization of property Capital expenditures 
 Adjustments for: Intangible amortization Service Center Based Distribution Intangible amortization Engineered Solutions Impairment Service Center Based Distribution Corporate and other expense, net Total operating income Interest expense, net Other expense (income), net ) Income before income taxes 
 Fluctuations in corporate and other expense, net, are due to changes in corporate expenses, as well as in the amounts and levels of certain expenses being allocated to the segments. The expenses being allocated include corporate charges for working capital, logistics support and other items. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Canada Other Countries Total 
 
 NOTE 14: 

NOTE 15:) ) Foreign currency transaction losses (gains) ) Net other periodic post-employment costs Life insurance income, net ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Total other expense (income), net ) 
 
 NOTE 16: 

57 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING 
 AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company's management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Management of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the President Chief Executive Officer and the Vice President - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer, and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s Management and Board of Directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. This evaluation was based on the criteria set forth in the framework "Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, Management determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 /s/ Neil A. Schrimsher /s/ David K. Wells President Chief Executive Officer Vice President - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer 
 August 11, 2023 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023, of the Company and our report dated August 11, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 August 11, 2023 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 During the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (in each case, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by this Item as to Applied's directors is incorporated by reference to Applied's proxy statement relating to the annual meeting of shareholders to be held October 24, 2023, under the caption Item 1 - Election of Directors. The information required by this Item as to Applied's executive officers has been furnished in this report in Part I, after Item 4, under the caption Information about our Executive Officers. 
 The information required by this Item regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated by reference to Applied's proxy statement, under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports." 
 Applied s Code of Business Ethics applies to our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. The Code of Business Ethics is posted via hyperlink at the investor relations area of our www.applied.com website. In addition, amendments to and waivers from the Code of Business Ethics will be disclosed promptly at the same location. 
 Applied has adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of Applied's securities by directors, officers, and employees. 
 Information regarding the composition of Applied s audit committee and the identification of audit committee financial experts serving on the audit committee is incorporated by reference to Applied's proxy statement, under the caption Corporate Governance. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Applied's proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held October 24, 2023, under the captions "Director Compensation," Executive Compensation, "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," and Compensation Committee Report. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Equity compensation plan information is incorporated herein by reference to Applied's proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held October 24, 2023, under the caption "Equity Compensation Plan Information (as of June 30, 2023)". 
 Information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference to Applied's proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held October 24, 2023, under the caption Holdings of Major Shareholders, Officers, and Directors. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Applied's proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held October 24, 2023, under the caption Corporate Governance. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 Principal accountant, (PCAOB ID No. ), fees and services required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Applied's proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held October 24, 2023, under the caption Item 5 - Ratification of Auditors. 

61 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 I TEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE. 
 (a)1. Financial Statements. 
 The following consolidated financial statements, notes thereto, the reports of independent registered public accounting firm, and supplemental data are included in Item 8 of this report: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Statements of Consolidated Income for the Years Ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2023 and 2022 Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 Statements of Consolidated Shareholders' Equity For the Years Ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 Supplementary Data: 
 (a)2. Financial Statement Schedule. 
 The following schedule is included in this Part IV, and is found in this report at the page indicated: 
 Page No. Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts: Pg. 66 
 All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission have been omitted because they are not required under the related instructions, are not applicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 (a)3. Exhibits. 
 Asterisk indicates an executive compensation plan or arrangement. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as amended on October 25, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 3.2 Code of Regulations of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as amended on October 19, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 3(b) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1999, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.1 Certificate of Merger of Bearings, Inc. (Ohio) and Bearings, Inc. (Delaware) filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on October 18, 1988, including an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated September 6, 1988 (filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Applied's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.2 Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of October 30, 2019, between Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), and certain of its affiliates (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied s Form 8-K filed November 5, 2019, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.3 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of March 26, 2021 between Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), and certain of its affiliates (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.4 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2021, between Applied and PGIM, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed December 14, 2021, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 4.5 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, between Applied and PGIM, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed November 1, 2022, SEC File No. 1-2299, as incorporated here by reference). 
 4.6 Credit Agreement dated as of December 9, 2021, among Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., KeyBank National Association as Agent, and various financial institutions (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed December 14, 2021, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.7 First Amendment Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2023, among Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., KeyBank National Association as Agent, and the Lenders set forth therein. 
 4.8 Receivables Financing Agreement dated as of August 31, 2018, among AIT Receivables LLC, as borrower, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as initial servicer, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent and the additional persons from time to time party thereto, as lenders (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied's Form 8-K filed September 6, 2018, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.9 Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Financing Agreement and Reaffirmation of Performance Guaranty dated as of March 26, 2021 among AIT Receivables LLC, as borrower, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as initial servicer, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent and the additional persons from time to time party thereto, as lenders (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Applied's Form 8-K filed March 29, 2021, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.10 Amendment No. 2 to Receivables Financing Agreement and Reaffirmation of Performance Guaranty, dated as of May 12, 2023, by and among AIT Receivables, LLC, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., PNC Bank, National Association, Regions Bank, and PNC Capital Markets LLC. 
 4.11 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 31, 2018 among various entities listed on Schedule I thereto (including Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.), as originators, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as servicer, and AIT Receivables LLC, as buyer (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Applied's Form 8-K filed September 6, 2018, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.12 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of November 19, 2018 among Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and various of its affiliates, as originators, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as servicer, and AIT Receivables LLC, as buyer (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference) . 
 4.13 Amendment No. 2 to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of March 26, 2021, among various entities listed on Schedule 1 thereto (including Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.), as originators, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc, as servicer, and AIT Receivables LLC, as buyer (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Applied's Form 8-K filed March 29, 2021, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.14 Description of Applied's securities (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to Applied's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2020, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.15 Amendment No. 3 to Receivables Financing Agreement and Reaffirmation of Performance Guaranty dated as of August 6, 2023 among AIT Receivables LLC, as borrower, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as initial servicer, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent, and the additional persons from time to time party thereto, as lenders (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied s Form 8-K filed August 9, 2023, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 4.16 Amendment No. 3 to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 4, 2023 among various entities listed on Schedule I thereto (including Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.), as originators, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as servicer, and AIT Receivables LLC, as buyer (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Applied s Form 8-K filed August 9, 2023, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.1 A written description of Applied's director compensation program is incorporated by reference to Applied s proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held October 24, 2023 under the caption Director Compensation. 10.2 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Post-2004 Terms), in which Peter C. Wallace participates (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.3 Amendment to the Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Post-2004 Terms) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.4 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement entered into between Applied and each of its directors and executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(g) to Applied's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.5 2011 Long-Term Performance Plan (filed as Appendix to Applied s proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders held on October 25, 2011, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 10.6 2015 Long-Term Performance Plan (filed as Appendix to Applied's proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders held on October 27, 2015, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.7 2019 Long-Term Performance Plan, amended and restated (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.8 Non-Statutory Stock Option Award Terms and Conditions (Directors) (filed as Exhibit 10 to Applied's Form 8-K filed November 30, 2005, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.9 Restricted Stock Award Terms and Conditions (Directors) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.10 Stock Appreciation Rights Award Terms and Conditions (Officers) (August 2020 revision) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.11 Restricted Stock Units Terms and Conditions (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.12 Performance Shares Terms and Conditions (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.13 Stock Appreciation Rights Award Terms and Conditions (Officers) (August 2022 revision) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.14 Restricted Stock Units Terms and Conditions (Officers) (August 2022 revision) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Applied Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.15 Performance Shares Terms and Conditions (August 2022 revision) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Applied Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.16 Management Incentive Plan General Terms (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.17 Key Executive Restoration Plan, as amended and restated (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied's Form 8-K filed August 16, 2013, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.18 Schedule of executive officer participants in the Key Executive Restoration Plan, as amended and restated. 
 10.19 Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Plan (Restated Post-2004 Terms), in which Fred D. Bauer participates (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.20 First Amendment to the Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Plan (Restated Post-2004 Terms) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied's Form 8-K filed December 22, 2011, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.21 Second Amendment to the Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Plan (Restated Post-2004 Terms) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied's Form 8-K filed October 26, 2012, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.22 Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan (January 1, 1997 Restatement), the terms of which govern benefits vested as of December 31, 2004, for Fred D. Bauer (filed as Exhibit 10(m) to Applied s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 23, 1997, Registration No. 333-27801, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.23 First Amendment to Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan effective as of October 1, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Applied s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.24 Second Amendment to Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan effective as of January 16, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.25 Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan (Post-2004 Terms), restated effective as of January 1, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to Applied's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference.) 
 10.26 First Amendment to Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan (Post-2004 Terms) (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Applied's 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference.) 
 10.27 Consulting Agreement, dated January 27, 2023, between Applied and Fred Bauer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 10.28 Severance Agreement for Neil A. Schrimsher (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Applied's Form 8-K filed October 31, 2011, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.29 Amendment to Severance Agreement for Neil A. Schrimsher (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Applied's Form 8-K filed October 26, 2012, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.30 Change in Control Agreement for Neil A. Schrimsher (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Applied's Form 8-K filed October 31, 2011, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.31 Form of Change in Control Agreement for Kurt W. Loring , Jon S. Ploetz and David K. Wells (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Applied's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.32 A written description of Applied's Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance for executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10.33 to Applied's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.33 A written description of Applied's Long-Term Disability Insurance for executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10.34 to Applied's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.34 A written description of Applied's Retiree Health Care Coverage for Neil A. Schrimsher and Fred D. Bauer (filed as Exhibit 10.35 to Applied's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017, SEC File No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by reference). 
 19 Applied's Insider Trading Policy 
 21 Applied s subsidiaries at June 30, 202 3 . 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 Powers of attorney. 
 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications. 
 32 Section 1350 certifications. 
 95 Mine safety and health disclosure. 
 101 The following financial information from Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Statements of Consolidated Income, (ii) the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, (v) the Statements of Consolidated Shareholders' Equity, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Applied will furnish a copy of any exhibit described above and not contained herein upon payment of a specified reasonable fee, which shall be limited to Applied's reasonable expenses in furnishing the exhibit. 
 Certain instruments with respect to long-term debt have not been filed as exhibits because the total amount of securities authorized under any one of the instruments does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Company agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of each such instrument. 

I TEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 (B) Returns reserve (A) Year Ended June 30, 2022 Reserve deducted from assets to which it applies Accounts receivable: Allowance for doubtful accounts (B) Returns reserve (A) Year Ended June 30, 2021 Reserve deducted from assets to which it applies Accounts receivable: Allowance for doubtful accounts (B) Returns reserve ) (A) ) 

66 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 /s/ Neil A. Schrimsher /s/ David K. Wells Neil A. Schrimsher President Chief Executive Officer David K. Wells Vice President-Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer 
 Date: August 11, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Madhuri A. Andrews, Director Shelly M. Chadwick, Director 
 Mary Dean Hall, Director Dan P. Komnenovich, Director Robert J. Pagano, Jr., Director Vincent K. Petrella, Director /s/ Neil A. Schrimsher Joe A. Raver, Director Neil A. Schrimsher, President Chief Executive Officer and Director Peter C. Wallace, Director and Chairman 
 
 /s/ Jon S. Ploetz Jon S. Ploetz, as attorney in fact for persons indicated by 
 Date: August 11, 2023 
 
 67 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 exhibit47-1stamendmenttoke.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.7 

 FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made as of the 12 th day of May, 2023 among 
 (a) APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., an Ohio corporation Borrower 
 
 (b) the Lenders, as defined in the Credit Agreement, as hereinafter defined and 
 
 (c) KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as the administrative agent for the Lenders under the Credit Agreement (the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2021 (as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders desire to amend the Credit Agreement to modify certain provisions thereof 
 
 WHEREAS, each capitalized term used herein and defined in the Credit Agreement, but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meaning given such term in the Credit Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, unless otherwise specifically provided herein, the provisions of the Credit Agreement revised herein are amended effective as of the date of this Amendment 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants herein and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree as follows 
 
 1. Amendment to Credit Agreement . The body of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto. Such amended Credit Agreement constitutes the entire Credit Agreement as of the date hereof and supersedes any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the Credit Agreement. 
 
 2. Amendment and addition to Exhibits . The Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete Exhibit D (Form of Notice of Loan) therefrom and to insert in place thereof, a new Exhibit D in the form of Exhibit D hereto. 
 
 3. Delayed Rate Switch for Prior Eurodollar Loans . This Amendment shall not apply with respect to any credit extension requested, made or outstanding that bears interest with reference to the Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment) that is or was set at any time prior to the date of effectiveness of this Amendment and is held constant for a specifically designated period, and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the applicable provisions of the Credit Agreement in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment shall continue in effect solely for such purpose provided that, with respect to any such credit extension described in this Section 3, such credit extension shall only continue in effect in accordance with its terms until the then-current Interest Period (or similar or analogous period) for such credit extension has concluded. 

4. Closing Deliveries . Concurrently with the execution of this Amendment, Borrower shall 
 
 (a) cause each Guarantor of Payment to execute the attached Guarantor Acknowledgment and Agreement and 
 
 (b) pay all legal fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with this Amendment and any other Loan Documents. 
 
 5. Representations and Warranties . Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that (a) Borrower has the legal power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment (b) the officers executing this Amendment have been duly authorized to execute and deliver the same and bind Borrower with respect to the provisions hereof (c) the execution and delivery hereof by Borrower and the performance and observance by Borrower of the provisions hereof do not violate or conflict with the Organizational Documents of Borrower or result in a breach of any provision of or constitute a default under any other material agreement, instrument or document binding upon or enforceable against Borrower (d) no Default or Event of Default exists, nor will any occur immediately after the execution and delivery of this Amendment or by the performance or observance of any provision hereof (e) each of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly states that it relates to an earlier date (f) Borrower is not aware of any claim or offset against, or defense or counterclaim to, Borrower s obligations or liabilities under the Credit Agreement or any other Related Writing and (g) this Amendment constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Borrower in every respect, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 
 6. Waiver and Release . Borrower, by signing below, hereby waives and releases the Administrative Agent, and each of the Lenders, and their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, affiliates and subsidiaries, from any and all claims, offsets, defenses and counterclaims, such waiver and release being with full knowledge and understanding of the circumstances and effect thereof and after having consulted legal counsel with respect thereto. 
 
 7. References to Credit Agreement and Ratification . Each reference to the Credit Agreement that is made in the Credit Agreement or any other Related Writing shall hereafter be construed as a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement are confirmed and ratified and shall remain in full force and effect and be unaffected hereby. This Amendment is a Loan Document. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Credit Agreement and this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall control. 
 
 8. Counterparts Effectiveness . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, by different parties hereto in separate counterparts and by facsimile or other electronic signature, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. This Amendment shall become effective, as of the date hereof, upon (a) execution of this Amendment by the Administrative Agent and all of the Lenders and delivery of their respective signature pages to the Administrative Agent as set forth in this Section 8, and (b) compliance by Borrower with the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof. 
 
 9. Headings . The headings, captions and arrangements used in this Amendment are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 
 2 

10. Severability . Any provision of this Amendment that shall be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 11. Governing Law . The rights and obligations of all parties hereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 

3 

JURY TRIAL WAIVER . BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AMONG BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS, OR ANY THEREOF, ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH, RELATED TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED AMONG THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY NOTE OR OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 

APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 
 By s David K. Wells 
 David K. Wells 
 Vice President Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
 
 By s Jon S. Ploetz 
 Jon S. Ploetz 
 Vice President General Counsel & Secretary 
 KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as the Administrative Agent and as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael Kousaie 
 Michael Kousaie 
 Vice President 

Signature Page to 
 First Amendment Agreement 
 (Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.) 

Bank of America, N.A. 
 
 By s Gregg Bush 
 Name Gregg Bush 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 
 By s Jonathan Bennett 
 Name Jonathan Bennett 
 Title Managing Director 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 By s Scott Nolan 
 Name Scott Nolan 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 BMO HARRIS BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 By s Thomas R. Hasenauer 
 Name Thomas R. Hasenauer 
 Title Managing Director 
 FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 By s Daniel Keenan 
 Name Daniel Keenan 
 Title Officer 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 By s Kenneth R. Fieler 
 Name Kenneth R. Fieler 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 HSBC BANK USA, N.A. 
 
 By s Jillian Clemons 
 Name Jillian Clemons 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 REGIONS BANK 
 
 By s Tyler Nissen 
 Name Tyler Nissen 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to 
 First Amendment Agreement 
 (Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.) 

TRUIST BANK 
 
 By s Troy Weaver 
 Name Troy Weaver 
 Title Managing Director 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 By s Madison Rider 
 Name Madison Rider 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to 
 First Amendment Agreement 
 (Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.) 

GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AGREEMENT 
 
 The undersigned consent and agree to and acknowledge the terms of the foregoing First Amendment Agreement dated as of May 12, 2023. The undersigned further agree that the obligations of the undersigned pursuant to the Guaranty of Payment executed by the undersigned are hereby ratified and shall remain in full force and effect and be unaffected hereby. 
 
 The undersigned hereby waive and release the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, affiliates and subsidiaries from any and all claims, offsets, defenses and counterclaims of any kind or nature, absolute and contingent, of which the undersigned are aware or should be aware, such waiver and release being with full knowledge and understanding of the circumstances and effect thereof and after having consulted legal counsel with respect thereto. 
 
 JURY TRIAL WAIVER . THE UNDERSIGNED, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AMONG BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE LENDERS AND THE UNDERSIGNED, OR ANY THEREOF, ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH, RELATED TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED AMONG THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AGREEMENT, THE AMENDMENT OR ANY NOTE OR OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. 
 
 APPLIED US, L.P. 
 
 By Applied Canada Holdings, ULC, 
 its general partner 

By ____ s David K. Wells ________________ 
 David K. Wells 
 Vice President Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES -- PA LLC 
 
 By Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., 
 its sole member 
 
 By ____ s David K. Wells _________________ 
 David K. Wells 
 Vice President Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to 
 Guarantor Acknowledgment and Agreement 

APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES - CA LLC 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES - CAPITAL INC. 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES - DIXIE, INC. 
 BEARINGS PAN AMERICAN, INC. 
 ESI ACQUISITION CORPORATION D B A ENGINEERED SALES, INC. 
 AIR DRAULICS ENGINEERING CO. 
 A&H FLUID TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 APPLIED FLUID POWER HOLDINGS, LLC 
 BAY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES, LLC 
 CAROLINA FLUID COMPONENTS, LLC 
 DTS FLUID POWER, LLC 
 FLUIDTECH, LLC 
 HYDROAIR HUGHES, LLC 
 POWER SYSTEMS, LLC 
 APPLIED MAINTENANCE SUPPLIES & SOLUTIONS, LLC 
 AIT INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 BEARINGS SALES & SERVICES INC. 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES - PACIFIC LLC 
 SPENCER FLUID POWER, INC. 
 ATLANTIC FASTENERS CO., LLC 
 S. G. MORRIS CO., LLC 
 APPLIED US ENERGY, INC. 
 HUB INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY, LLC 
 BARO CONTROLS, INC. 
 BARO PROCESS PRODUCTS, INC. 
 BASIN ENGINE & PUMP, INC. 
 CORROSION FLUID PRODUCTS CORP. 
 EADS DISTRIBUTION, LLC 
 
 By ____ s David K. Wells ________________ 
 David K. Wells 
 Vice President Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to 
 Guarantor Acknowledgment and Agreement 

FCX PERFORMANCE, INC. 
 HUGHES MACHINERY COMPANY 
 PUMP ENERGY, INC. 
 PUMP PRO S, INC. 
 R.L. STONE COMPANY, INC. 
 APPLIED US ENERGY-OKLAHOMA, LLC 
 OLYMPUS CONTROLS CORP. 
 ADVANCED CONTROL SOLUTIONS & AUTOMATION, INC. 
 GIBSON ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC. 
 APPLIED CANADA HOLDINGS, ULC 
 APPLIED NOVA SCOTIA COMPANY 
 APPLIED NORTHERN HOLDINGS, ULC 
 R.R. FLOODY COMPANY, INC. 
 APPLIED AUTOMATION, INC. 

By ____ s David K. Wells ________________ 
 David K. Wells 
 Vice President Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 

Signature Page to 
 Guarantor Acknowledgment and Agreement 

EXHIBIT A TO FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 

Published Transaction CUSIP Number 03820KAL1 Published Revolver CUSIP Number 03820KAM9 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

among 

APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 as Borrower 
 
 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN 
 as Lenders 
 
 and 
 
 KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and Issuing Lender 
 
 KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS, INC. 
 as Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Book Runner 
 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers, Joint Book Runners and Co-Syndication Agents 
 
 BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP. 
 FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers, Joint Book Runners and Co-Documentation Agents 

dated as of December 9, 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 1 
 Section 1.1. Definitions 1 Section 1.2. Accounting Terms 33 35 Section 1.3. Terms Generally 33 35 Section 1.4. Benchmark Notification 34 Rates 
 36 
 Section 1.5. Divisions 34 37 
 ARTICLE II. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 34 37 
 Section 2.1. Amount and Nature of Credit 34 37 Section 2.2. Revolving Credit Commitment 35 38 Section 2.3. Term Loan Commitment 41 44 Section 2.4. Interest 41 44 Section 2.5. Evidence of Indebtedness 42 45 Section 2.6. Notice of Loans and Credit Events Funding of Loans 43 46 Section 2.7. Payment on Loans and Other Obligations 44 47 Section 2.8. Prepayment 45 48 Section 2.9. Facility and Other Fees 46 49 Section 2.10. Modifications to Commitments 46 49 Section 2.11. Computation of Interest and Fees 48 51 Section 2.12. Mandatory Payments 49 51 Section 2.13. Cash Collateral 50 52 Section 2.14. Addition of a Borrower 51 53 Section 2.15. Extension of Term Loan Maturity Date or Commitment Period 51 54 
 ARTICLE III. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO EURODOLLAR LOANS INCREASED CAPITAL COSTS ILLEGALITY INABILITY TO DETERMINE RATES TAXES 52 55 
 Section 3.1. Requirements of Law 52 55 Section 3.2. Taxes 54 56 Section 3.3. Funding Losses 58 Breakage Compensation 
 61 
 Section 3.4. Eurodollar SOFR Rate Lending Unlawful Inability to Determine Rate 59 62 Section 3.5. Change of Lending Office 60 63 Section 3.6. Replacement of Lenders 61 63 Section 3.7. Discretion of Lenders as to Manner of Funding 61 64 Section 3.8. Permanent Inability to Determine Rate Benchmark Replacement Setting 61 64 
 ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 63 65 
 Section 4.1. Conditions to Each Credit Event 63 65 Section 4.2. Conditions to the First Credit Event 64 66 
 ARTICLE V. COVENANTS 65 68 
 Section 5.1. Insurance 65 68 Section 5.2. Money Obligations 66 68 Section 5.3. Financial Statements and Information 66 68 Section 5.4. Financial Records 67 69 
 
 Section 5.5. Franchises Change in Business 67 69 Section 5.6. ERISA Pension and Benefit Plan Compliance 67 70 Section 5.7. Financial Covenants 68 70 Section 5.8. Borrowing 68 70 
 Section 5.9. Liens 69 71 Section 5.10. Regulations T, U and X 70 73 Section 5.11. Investments, Loans and Guaranties 71 73 Section 5.12. Merger and Sale of Assets 73 75 Section 5.13. Acquisitions 74 76 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

Section 5.14. Notice 74 76 
 Section 5.15. Restricted Payments 74 76 Section 5.16. Environmental Compliance 74 77 Section 5.17. Affiliate Transactions 75 77 Section 5.18. Use of Proceeds 75 78 Section 5.19. Corporate Names 76 78 Section 5.20. Subsidiary Guaranties 76 78 Section 5.21. Guaranties Under Senior Unsecured Indebtedness 77 79 Section 5.22. Sanctions Anti-Corruption Laws 77 79 Section 5.23. Further Assurances 77 79 Section 5.24. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information 80 
 ARTICLE VI. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 77 80 
 Section 6.1. Corporate Existence Subsidiaries Foreign Qualification 77 80 Section 6.2. Corporate Authority 78 80 Section 6.3. Compliance with Laws and Contracts Sanctions Anti-Corruption 78 80 Section 6.4. Litigation and Administrative Proceedings 79 81 Section 6.5. Title to Assets 79 82 Section 6.6. Liens and Security Interests 79 82 Section 6.7. Tax Returns 79 82 Section 6.8. Environmental Laws 80 82 Section 6.9. Continued Business 80 82 Section 6.10. Employee Benefits Plans 80 83 Section 6.11. Consents or Approvals 81 83 Section 6.12. Solvency 81 83 Section 6.13. Financial Statements 81 84 Section 6.14. Regulations Investment Company Act 81 84 Section 6.15. Material Agreements 82 84 Section 6.16. Intellectual Property 82 84 Section 6.17. Insurance 82 84 
 Section 6.18. Accurate and Complete Statements 82 84 Section 6.19. Defaults 82 85 Section 6.20. Beneficial Ownership Certification 85 
 ARTICLE VII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 82 85 
 Section 7.1. Payments 82 85 Section 7.2. Special Covenants 82 85 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

Section 7.3. Other Covenants 82 85 Section 7.4. Representations and Warranties 83 85 Section 7.5. Cross Default 83 85 Section 7.6. ERISA Default 83 86 Section 7.7. Change in Control 83 86 Section 7.8. Money Judgment 83 86 Section 7.9. Validity of Loan Documents 83 86 Section 7.10. Solvency 83 86 
 ARTICLE VIII. REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT 84 87 
 Section 8.1. Optional Defaults 84 87 Section 8.2. Automatic Defaults 85 87 Section 8.3. Letters of Credit 85 87 Section 8.4. Offsets 85 88 Section 8.5. Equalization Provisions 86 89 Section 8.6. Other Remedies 87 90 Section 8.7. Application of Proceeds 87 90 
 ARTICLE IX. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 88 91 
 Section 9.1. Appointment and Authorization 88 91 Section 9.2. Note Holders 89 92 Section 9.3. Consultation With Counsel 89 92 Section 9.4. Documents 89 92 
 Section 9.5. Administrative Agent and Affiliates 89 92 Section 9.6. Knowledge or Notice of Default 89 92 Section 9.7. Action by Administrative Agent 90 93 Section 9.8. Release of Guarantor of Payment 90 93 Section 9.9. Delegation of Duties 90 93 Section 9.10. Indemnification of Administrative Agent 90 93 Section 9.11. Successor Administrative Agent 91 94 Section 9.12. Issuing Lender 91 94 Section 9.13. Swing Line Lender 91 94 Section 9.14. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 92 95 Section 9.15. No Reliance on Administrative Agent s Customer Identification Program 92 95 Section 9.16. Other Agents 92 95 Section 9.17. Platform 93 96 
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 93 96 
 Section 10.1. Lenders Independent Investigation 93 96 Section 10.2. No Waiver Cumulative Remedies 94 97 Section 10.3. Amendments, Waivers and Consents 94 97 Section 10.4. Notices 95 98 Section 10.5. Costs, Expenses and Documentary Taxes 96 99 Section 10.6. Indemnification 96 99 Section 10.7. Obligations Several No Fiduciary Obligations 97 100 Section 10.8. Execution in Counterparts 97 100 Section 10.9. Successors and Assigns 97 100 
 
 Section 10.10. Defaulting Lenders 102 105 Section 10.11. Patriot Act Notice 105 108 Section 10.12. Severability of Provisions Captions Attachments 105 108 Section 10.13. Investment Purpose 105 108 Section 10.14. Entire Agreement 105 108 Section 10.15. Confidentiality 105 108 Section 10.16. Limitations on Liability of the Issuing Lender 106 109 Section 10.17. General Limitation of Liability 107 110 Section 10.18. No Duty 107 110 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

Section 10.19. Legal Representation of Parties 107 110 Section 10.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Affected Financial 
 Institutions 107 110 Section 10.21. Certain ERISA Matters 108 111 Section 10.22. Acknowledgements Regarding Erroneous Payments 109 112 Section 10.23. Governing Law Submission to Jurisdiction 112 115 Jury Trial Waiver 1 

Exhibit A Form of Revolving Credit Note Exhibit B Form of Swing Line Note 
 Exhibit C Form of Term Note 
 Exhibit D Form of Notice of Loan 
 Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit F Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement 
 Exhibit G-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit G-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit G-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit G-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Schedule 1 Commitments of Lenders Schedule 2 Guarantors of Payment 
 Schedule 2.2 Existing Letters of Credit 
 Schedule 5.9 Liens 
 Schedule 6.1 Corporate Existence Subsidiaries Foreign Qualification 
 Schedule 6.4 Litigation and Administrative Proceedings 
 Schedule 6.10 Employee Benefits Plans 
 Schedule 6.15 Material Agreements 

This CREDIT AGREEMENT (as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified, this Agreement is made effective as of the 9 th day of December, 2021 among 
 
 (a) APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., an Ohio corporation (the Borrower 
 
 (b) the lenders listed on Schedule 1 hereto and each other Eligible Assignee, as hereinafter defined, that from time to time becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.10(b) or 10.9 hereof (collectively, the Lenders and, individually, each a Lender and 
 
 (c) KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as the administrative agent for the Lenders under this Agreement (the Administrative Agent ), the Swing Line Lender and the Issuing Lender. 

WITNESSETH 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders desire to contract for the establishment of credits in the aggregate principal amounts hereinafter set forth, to be made available to the Borrower upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, it is mutually agreed as follows 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 
 
 Section 1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of any Person (other than a Company), or any business or division of any Person (other than a Company), (b) the acquisition of in excess of fifty percent (50 of the outstanding capital stock (or other equity interest) of any Person (other than a Company), or (c) the acquisition of another Person (other than a Company) by a merger, amalgamation or consolidation or any other combination with such Person. 
 Additional Commitment means that term as defined in Section 2.10(b)(i) hereof. Additional Lender means an Eligible Assignee that shall become a Lender during the 
 Commitment Increase Period pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof. 

Additional Lender Assumption Agreement means an additional lender assumption agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, wherein an Additional Lender shall become a Lender. 
 
 Additional Lender Assumption Effective Date means that term as defined in Section 2.10(b)(ii) hereof. 
 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the greater of (a) the sum of (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) the SOFR Index Adjustment and (b) the Floor. 
 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means for any Available Tenor and Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the greater of (a) the sum of (i) Term SOFR for such Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR Index Adjustment, and (b) the Floor. 
 
 Administrative Agent means that term as defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 
 Administrative Agent Fee Letter means the Administrative Agent Fee Letter between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, dated as of the Closing Date, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 
 
 Advantage means any payment (whether made voluntarily or involuntarily, by offset of any deposit or other indebtedness or otherwise) received by any Lender (a) prior to an Equalization Event, in respect of the Applicable Debt, if such payment results in that Lender having less than its pro rata share (based upon its Applicable Commitment Percentage) of the Applicable Debt then outstanding, and (b) on and after an Equalization Event, in respect of the Obligations, if such payment results in that Lender having less than its pro rata share (based upon its Equalization Percentage) of the Obligations then outstanding. 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 
 Agent Parties means that term as defined in Section 9.17(b) hereof. Agreement means that term as defined in the first paragraph of this agreement. Applicable Commitment Percentage means, for each Lender 
 (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitment, the percentage, if any, set forth opposite such Lender s name under the column headed Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage , as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, subject to assignments of interests pursuant to Section 10.9 hereof and 
 
 (b) with respect to the Term Loan Commitment (or the Term Loan if the Term Loan Commitment is no longer in effect), the percentage, if any, set forth opposite such Lender s name under the column headed Term Loan Commitment Percentage , as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, subject to assignments of interests pursuant to Section 10.9 hereof. 
 
 Applicable Debt means 

(a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitment, collectively, (i) all Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower to the Revolving Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and includes, without limitation, the principal of and interest on all Revolving Loans and all Swing Loans and all obligations with respect to Letters of Credit, (ii) each extension, renewal or refinancing of the foregoing, in whole or in part, (iii) the commitment, prepayment and other fees and amounts payable hereunder in connection with the Revolving Credit Commitment, and (iv) all Related Expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing and 
 
 (b) with respect to the Term Loan Commitment, collectively, (i) all Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower to the Term Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and includes, without limitation, the principal of and interest on the Term Loan, (ii) each extension, renewal or refinancing of the foregoing in whole or in part, (iii) all prepayment and other fees and amounts payable hereunder in connection with the Term Loan Commitment, and (iv) all Related Expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing. 
 
 Applicable Facility Fee Rate means 
 
 (a) for the period from the Closing Date through April 30, 2022, ten (10.00) basis points and 
 
 (b) commencing with the Consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2021, the number of basis points set forth in the following matrix, based upon the result of the computation of the Leverage Ratio as set forth in the Compliance Certificate for such fiscal period, and, thereafter, as set forth in each successive Compliance Certificate, as provided below 
 
 Leverage Ratio Applicable Facility Fee Rate 
 Greater than or equal to 3.50 to 1.00 20.00 basis points Greater than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00 but less than 3.50 to 1.00 15.00 basis points Greater than or equal to 2.25 to 1.00 but less than 3.00 to 1.00 12.50 basis points Greater than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00 but less 10.00 basis points 

than 2.25 to 1.00 Greater than or equal to 0.75 to 1.00 but less than 1.50 to 1.00 9.00 basis points 
 Less than 0.75 to 1.00 7.50 basis points 

The first date on which the Applicable Facility Fee Rate is subject to change is May 1, 2022. From and after May 1, 2022, changes to the Applicable Facility Fee Rate shall be effective on the first day of each calendar month following the date upon which the Administrative Agent should have received, pursuant to Section 5.3(a) and (b) hereof, the Consolidated financial statements of the Companies. The above pricing matrix does not modify or waive, in any respect, the requirements of Section 5.7 hereof, the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to charge the Default Rate, or the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Articles VII and VIII hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) during any period when the Borrower shall have failed to timely deliver the Consolidated financial statements pursuant to Section 5.3(a) or (b) hereof, or the Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 5.3(c) hereof, until such time as the appropriate Consolidated financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered, the Applicable Facility Fee Rate shall be the highest rate per annum indicated in the above pricing grid regardless of the Leverage Ratio at such time, and (ii) in the event that any financial information or certification provided to the Administrative Agent in the Compliance Certificate is shown to be inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement or the Commitment is in effect when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a different Applicable Facility Fee Rate for any period (an Applicable Facility Fee Period than the Applicable Facility Fee Rate applied for such Applicable Facility Fee Period, then (A) if the recalculated Applicable Facility Fee Rate is higher for such Applicable Facility Fee Period, (1) the Borrower shall promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent a corrected Compliance Certificate for such Applicable Facility Fee Period, (2) the Applicable Facility Fee Rate shall be determined based on such corrected Compliance Certificate, and (3) the Borrower shall promptly pay to the Administrative Agent, for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders, the accrued additional fees owing as a result of such increased Applicable Facility Fee Rate for such Applicable Facility Fee Period, and (B) if the recalculated Applicable Facility Fee Rate is lower for such Applicable Facility Fee Period, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to repay any fees to the Borrower provided that, if such inaccuracy affects more than one Applicable Facility Fee Period, and the recalculated Applicable Facility Fee Rate is higher in one or more such Applicable Facility Fee Periods and lower in one or more such Applicable Facility Fee Periods, then the amount payable by the Borrower pursuant to this subpart (B) with respect to all such affected Applicable Facility Fee Periods shall be based on the excess, if any, of the recalculated Applicable Facility Fee Rates for all such affected Applicable Facility Fee Periods over the amounts actually paid for such Applicable Facility Fee Periods. 
 
 Applicable Law means, as to any Person, all applicable Laws binding upon such Person or to which such a Person is subject. 

Applicable Margin means 
 
 (a) for the period from the Closing First Amendment Effective Date through April 30 May 31 , 2022 2023 , (i) Two and One-Half (2.50 zero (0 basis points for Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans, and (ii) One Hundred Two and One-Half (102.50 Ninety-One (91 basis points for Revolving Loans that are Eurodollar SOFR Loans and 
 
 (b) commencing with the Consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal quarter ending December March 31, 2021 2023 , the number of basis points (depending upon whether Loans are Eurodollar SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans) set forth in the following matrix, based upon the result of the computation of the Leverage Ratio as set forth in the Compliance Certificate for such fiscal period, and, thereafter, as set forth in each successive Compliance Certificate, as provided below 

Leverage Ratio 
 Applicable Basis Points for Revolving Loans 
 that are Eurodollar SOF R Loans 
 Applicable Basis Points for Revolving Loans 
 that are Base Rate Loans 
 Greater than or equal to 3.50 to 1.00 155.00 
 55.00 
 Greater than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00 but less than 3.50 to 1.00 
 135.00 
 35.00 
 Greater than or equal to 2.25 to 1.00 but less than 3.00 to 1.00 
 112.50 
 12.50 
 Greater than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00 but less than 2.25 to 1.00 
 102.50 
 2.50 
 Greater than or equal to 0.75 to 1.00 but less than 1.50 to 1.00 
 91.00 
 0.00 
 Less than 0.75 to 1.00 80.00 
 0.00 

The first date on which the Applicable Margin is subject to change is May June 1, 2022 2023 . From and after May June 1, 2022 2023 , changes to the Applicable Margin shall be effective on the first day of each calendar month following the date upon which the Administrative Agent should have received, pursuant to Section 5.3(a) and (b) hereof, the Consolidated financial statements of the Companies. The above pricing matrix does not modify or waive, in any respect, the requirements of Section 5.7 hereof, the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to charge the Default Rate, or the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Articles VII and VIII hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) during any period when the Borrower shall have failed to timely deliver the Consolidated financial statements pursuant to Section 5.3(a) or (b) hereof, or the Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 5.3(c) hereof, until such time as the appropriate Consolidated financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered, the Applicable Margin shall be the highest 

rate per annum indicated in the above pricing grid for Loans of that type, regardless of the Leverage Ratio at such time, and (ii) in the event that any financial information or certification provided to the Administrative Agent in the Compliance Certificate is shown to be inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement or the Commitment is in effect when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a different Applicable Margin for any period (an Applicable Margin Period than the Applicable Margin applied for such Applicable Margin Period, then (A) if the recalculated Applicable Margin is higher for such Applicable Margin Period, (1) the Borrower shall promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent a corrected Compliance Certificate for such Applicable Margin Period, (2) the Applicable Margin shall be determined based on such corrected Compliance Certificate, and (3) the Borrower shall promptly pay to the Administrative Agent, for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders, the accrued additional interest owing as a result of such increased Applicable Margin for such Applicable Margin Period, and (B) if the recalculated Applicable Margin is lower for such Applicable Margin Period, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to repay any interest to the Borrower provided that, if such inaccuracy affects more than one Applicable Margin Period, and the recalculated Applicable Margin is higher in one or more such Applicable Margin Periods and lower in one or more such Applicable Margin Periods, then the amount payable by the Borrower pursuant to this subpart (B) with respect to all such affected Applicable Margin Periods shall be based on the excess, if any, of the recalculated Applicable Margins for all such affected Applicable Margin Periods over the amounts actually paid for such Applicable Margin Periods. 
 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 
 Assignment Agreement means an Assignment and Assumption Agreement entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.9 hereof), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of the attached Exhibit F , or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Authorized Officer means a Financial Officer or other individual authorized by a Financial Officer in writing (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) to handle certain administrative matters in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if the then-current such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period interest period pursuant to this Agreement, or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark , as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, including any overnight or daily tenor, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the 

avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.8(d) hereof. 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time that is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy , as now or hereafter in effect, or any successor thereto, as hereafter amended. 
 
 Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) one-half of one percent (.50 in excess of the Federal Funds Effective Rate, and (c) one hundred percent 100.00 1 basis points in excess of the London interbank offered rate for loans in Eurodollars Adjusted Term SOFR for a period of one month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, such rate as calculated on the most recent immediately preceding Business Day) , and (d) the Floor . Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective immediately from and after including the effective date of such change in the Base Prime Rate . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Base Rate as determined above is less than zero, it shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement , the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively . 
 
 Base Rate Loan means a Revolving Loan described in Section 2.2(a) hereof or a portion of the Term Loan described in Section 2.3 hereof, that shall be denominated in Dollars and on which the Borrower shall pay interest at the Derived Base Rate. 
 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Eurodollar Rate with respect to (a) any Daily Simple SOFR Loan, Daily Simple SOFR, and (b) any Term SOFR Loan, Term SOFR provided that , if a replacement for the Benchmark Transition Event has occurred pursuant to Section 3.8 hereof with respect to the then-current Benchmark , then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate . Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof pursuant to Section 3.8 hereof . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor 
 (a) for purposes of clause (a) of Section 3.8 hereof, the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 

(i) the sum of (1) Term SOFR and (2) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Available Tenor of three-months duration, and 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Available Tenor of six-months duration or 
 (ii) the sum of (1) Daily Simple SOFR and (2) the spread adjustment for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration (0.11448 (11.448 basis points)) and 
 provided, however, that if an Early Opt-in Election has been made, the Benchmark Replacement will be the benchmark selected in connection with such Early Opt-in Election and 
 (b) for purposes of clause (b) of Section 3.8 hereof Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event for the then-current Benchmark , the sum of 1 a the alternate benchmark rate and (2) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value , or zero), in each case, that has been selected pursuant to this clause (b) by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for such Available Tenor of such Benchmark giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention , including any applicable recommendations made by the Relevant Governmental Body , for Dollar-denominated for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for such Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, if any 
 provided that, if the such Benchmark Replacement as so determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for all the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of any then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement , for any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). applicable Available Tenor, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), if any, that has been selected by the 

Administrative Agent giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (b) in the case of clause c of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such Benchmark 
 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark (other than the Eurodollar Rate), the occurrence of (b) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark, the the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark , the 

Board of Governors of the (or the published component used in the calculation thereof ), the Federal Reserve System Board , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) , a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark , announcing or stating that (a) such (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease on a specified date to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark , (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark or (b) all Available Tenors of such Benchmark are or will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the ninetieth (90 th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than ninety (90) days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to such Benchmark pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.8 hereof and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.8 hereof. 
 
 Beneficial Owner means, for the Borrower, each of the following (a) each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, owns 25 or more of the Borrower s Equity Interests and (b) a single individual with significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct the Borrower. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or 
 (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Borrower means that term as defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement. Borrower Investment Policy means the investment policy of the Borrower provided to 
 the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the Closing Date, as the same may be amended by the Borrower from time to time with prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 Business Day means a any day that is not a other than Saturday, a Sunday or another any other day of the year on which national commercial banks in Cleveland, Ohio are authorized or required by law to close in Cleveland, Ohio, and, in addition, if the applicable Business Day relates to a Eurodollar Loan, is a day of the year on which dealings in Dollar deposits are carried on in the London interbank Eurodollar market. and (b) with respect to any matters relating to SOFR Loans, a SOFR Business Day. 
 
 Capital Distribution means a payment made, liability incurred or other consideration given by a Company to any Person that is not a Company, (a) for the purchase, acquisition, redemption, repurchase, payment or retirement of any capital stock or other equity interest of such Company, or (b) as a dividend, return of capital or other distribution (other than any stock dividend, stock split or other equity distribution payable only in capital stock or other equity of such Company) in respect of such Company s capital stock or other equity interest. 
 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations means obligations of the Companies for the payment of rent for any real or personal property under leases or agreements to lease that, in accordance with GAAP, have been or should be capitalized on the books of the lessee and, for purposes hereof, the amount of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Cash Collateralize means to deposit into a cash collateral account maintained with (or on behalf of) the Administrative Agent, and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, or to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender, as collateral for any Letter of Credit Exposure or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of any Letter of Credit Exposure, cash or deposit account balances, or, if the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender. For the purposes of this Agreement, Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 
 Certificate of Beneficial Ownership shall mean a certificate in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent (as amended or modified by the Administrative Agent 

from time to time in its sole discretion), certifying, among other things, the Beneficial Owner of the Borrower. 
 
 CFC means a Controlled Foreign Corporation, as such term is defined in Section 957 of the Code. 
 
 Change in Control means 
 
 (a) the acquisition of, or, if earlier, the shareholder or director approval of the acquisition of, ownership or voting control, directly or indirectly, beneficially (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) or of record, on or after the Closing Date, by any Person or group (within the meaning of Sections 13d and 14d of the Exchange Act), of shares representing more than thirty-three percent (33 of the aggregate ordinary Voting Power represented by the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Borrower 
 
 (b) if, at any time during any period of twenty-four (24) consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board of directors on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board of directors was approved by individuals referred to in subpart (i) above that constituted, at the time of such election or nomination, at least a majority of that board of directors, or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board of directors was approved by individuals referred to in subparts 
 (i) and (ii) above that constituted, at the time of such election or nomination, at least a majority of that board of directors or 
 
 (c) the occurrence of a change in control, or other term of similar import used therein, as defined in any Material Indebtedness Agreement. 
 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following 
 (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any Law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder, or issued in connection therewith, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 
 Closing Date means the effective date of this Agreement as set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 
 Closing Fee Letter means the Closing Fee Letter between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, dated as of the Closing Date. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Commitment means the obligation hereunder of the Lenders, (a) during the Commitment Period, to make Revolving Loans and to participate in Swing Loans and the issuance of Letters of Credit pursuant to the Revolving Credit Commitment, and (b) to make the Term Loan pursuant to the Term Loan Commitment up to the Total Commitment Amount. 
 
 Commitment Increase Period means the period from the Closing Date to the date that is thirty (30) days prior to the last day of the Commitment Period. 
 
 Commitment Period means the period from the Closing Date to December 9, 2026, or such earlier date on which the Commitment shall have been terminated pursuant to Article VIII hereof. 
 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Communications means, that term as defined in Section 9.17(b) hereof. Companies means the Borrower and all Subsidiaries. 
 Company means the Borrower or a Subsidiary. 
 
 Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate in the form of the attached Exhibit E . 
 
 Confidential Information means all confidential or proprietary information about the Companies that has been furnished by any Company to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, whether furnished before or after the Closing Date and regardless of the manner in which it is furnished, but does not include any such information that (a) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by the Administrative Agent or such Lender not permitted by this Agreement, (b) was available to the Administrative Agent or such Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to its disclosure to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, or (c) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or such Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a Person other than any Company that is not, to the best knowledge of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, acting in violation of a confidentiality agreement with a Company or is not otherwise prohibited from disclosing the information to the Administrative Agent or such Lender. 
 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement , any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of SOFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition 

(or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 3.3 hereof and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 
 Consideration means, in connection with an Acquisition (or Disposition), the aggregate consideration paid or to be paid, including borrowed funds, cash, deferred payments, the issuance of securities or notes, the assumption or incurring of liabilities (direct or contingent), the payment of consulting fees or fees for a covenant not to compete and any other consideration paid or to be paid for such Acquisition (or Disposition). 
 
 Consolidated means the resultant consolidation of the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, including principles of consolidation consistent with those applied in preparation of the consolidated financial statements referred to in Section 6.13 hereof. 
 
 Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Charges means, for any period, the aggregate of all depreciation and amortization charges for fixed assets, leasehold improvements and general intangibles (specifically including goodwill) of the Borrower for such period, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 
 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, as determined on a Consolidated basis 
 
 (a) Consolidated Net Earnings for such period plus, without duplication, the aggregate amounts deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Earnings in respect of 
 
 (i) Consolidated Interest Expense, including, to the extent not already captured therein, (a) any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of interest income and gains on such hedging obligations or such derivative instruments, and (b) any commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any securitization facility permitted under this Agreement 
 
 (ii) Consolidated Income Tax Expense 

(iii) Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Charges 
 
 (iv) to the extent that the Borrower expenses such charges, Consolidated stock option expenses 
 
 (v) the full pro forma run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions, operating improvements and synergies (collectively, Expected Cost Savings that are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable and projected to result (in the good faith determination of the Borrower, as certified by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower in the Compliance Certificate required by Section 5.3(e) hereof to be delivered in connection with the financial statements for such period) from actions taken during such period, or to be realized within twelve (12) months, in each case in connection with a specified event (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such items had been realized on the first day of such period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period that are otherwise included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA from such action provided that (A) projected (and not realized) Expected Cost Savings may no longer be added in calculating Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this subpart (v) after twelve (12) months of the date of such specified event, and (B) the aggregate amount of all such Expected Cost Savings added back in reliance on this subpart (v) shall not exceed, for any four quarter period, an amount equal to the greater of (1) Seventy Million Dollars 70,000,000), and (2) twenty percent (20 of Consolidated EBITDA (without giving effect to adjustments under this clause (v)) for such period 
 
 (vi) non-capitalized transaction fees and expenses relating to the integration of an Acquisition not prohibited under this Agreement, in an aggregate amount not to exceed Fifteen Million Dollars 15,000,000) during any four quarter period 
 
 (vii) other amounts for items similar to the categories set forth in the foregoing subparts (v) and (vi) incurred in connection with the actions described therein, in each case as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its commercially reasonable discretion 
 
 (viii) all other non-cash charges and related tax effects thereon (excluding any such non-cash charge to the extent it represents an accrual or reserve for potential cash charge in any future period or amortization of a prepaid cash charge that was paid in a prior period) 
 
 (ix) unusual, non-recurring or extraordinary losses or charges and related tax effects thereon 
 
 (x) indemnification or insurance payments (not already included in Consolidated Net Earnings) received in cash by a Company from third parties for charges, losses, expenses (including litigation expenses, fees and charges) or write offs that previously reduced Consolidated Net Earnings and were never added back to Consolidated EBITDA 

(xi) restructuring charges and related charges including losses on sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business and restructuring and integration costs or reserves, including any severance costs, closings and consolidations, relocation costs and other non-recurring business optimization expenses and 
 
 (xii) expenses or costs incurred in connection with equity offerings, acquisitions, investments, indebtedness (including amendments, prepayment premiums, make-whole amounts or modifications to any debt), or dispositions otherwise permitted, whether or not consummated and 
 
 (xiii) all losses from foreign currency transactions, minus 
 
 (b) to the extent included in Consolidated Net Earnings for such period, non-cash gains and related tax effects thereon, unusual, non-recurring or extraordinary gains and related tax effects thereon, and all gains from foreign currency transactions 
 
 provided that, for any period during which (1) an Acquisition is made pursuant to Section 5.13 hereof or (2) a Disposition occurs, Consolidated EBITDA shall be recalculated to include (or exclude, as applicable) the EBITDA of the acquired company or attributable to the disposed assets (in each case, with appropriate pro forma adjustments acceptable to the Administrative Agent and calculated on the same basis as set forth in this definition). 
 
 Consolidated Income Tax Expense means, for any period, all provisions for taxes based on the gross or net income of the Borrower (including, without limitation, any additions to such taxes, and any penalties and interest with respect thereto), and all franchise taxes of the Borrower, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 
 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, the interest expense of the Borrower for such period, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 
 
 Consolidated Net Earnings means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower for such period, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 
 
 Consolidated Net Worth means, at any date, the stockholders equity of the Borrower, determined as of such date on a Consolidated basis. 
 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, at any date, an amount equal to the total assets of the Borrower, as determined on a Consolidated basis. 
 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Controlled Group means a Company and each Person required to be aggregated with a Company under Code Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o). 

Credit Event means the making by the Lenders of a Loan, the conversion by the Lenders of a Base Rate Loan to a Eurodollar Loan, the SOFR Loan, the conversion of a Term SOFR Loan to a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the conversion of a Daily Simple SOFR Loan to a Term SOFR Loan, or the continuation by the Lenders of a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan after the end of the applicable Interest Period, the making by the Swing Line Lender of a Swing Loan, or the issuance (or amendment or renewal) by the Issuing Lender of a Letter of Credit. 

Credit Party means the Borrower, and any Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Borrower that is a Guarantor of Payment. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day , (a SOFR , with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent , then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. Rate Day ), a rate per annum (rounded in accordance with the Administrative Agent s customary practice) equal to SOFR for the day (such day, the SOFR Determination Day that is five (5) SOFR Business Days (or such other period as determined by the Administrative Agent based on then prevailing market conventions) prior to (a) if such SOFR Rate Day is a SOFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (b) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a SOFR Business Day, the SOFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as and when SOFR for such SOFR Rate Day is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. If by 5 00 pm (Eastern time) on the second (2nd) SOFR Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website provided, that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR Loan means a Revolving Loan described in Section 2.2(a) hereof, or a portion of a Term Loan described in Section 2.3 hereof, in each case on which the Borrower shall pay interest at the Derived Daily Simple SOFR Rate. 
 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions, from time to time in effect. 

Default means an event or condition that constitutes, or with the lapse of any applicable grace period or the giving of notice or both would constitute, an Event of Default, and that has not been waived by the Required Lenders (or, if required hereunder, all of the Lenders) in writing, or cured to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent prior to becoming an actual Event of Default. 
 
 Default Rate means (a) with respect to any Loan or other Obligation for which a rate is specified, a rate per annum equal to two percent (2 in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto, and (b) with respect to any other amount, if no rate is specified or available, a rate per annum equal to two percent (2 in excess of the Derived Base Rate from time to time in effect. 
 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 10.10(b) hereof, any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this subpart (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided that, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender, or any direct or indirect parent company thereof, by a Governmental Authority, so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States, or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets, or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of subparts (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 10.10(b) hereof) upon delivery of 

written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender and each Lender. 
 
 Derived Base Rate means a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin (from time to time in effect) for Base Rate Loans plus the Base Rate. 
 
 Derived Eurodollar Daily Simple SOFR Rate means a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin (from time to time in effect) for Eurodollar SOFR Loans plus the Eurodollar Rate Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR . 
 
 Derived Term SOFR Rate means a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin from time to time in effect for SOFR Loans plus Adjusted Term SOFR for the applicable Interest Period therefor. 
 
 Disposition means any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in the transfer or other disposition of (a) in excess of fifty percent (50 of the stock (or other equity interest) or (b) all or substantially all of the assets of any Company, or any business unit or division of any Company. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Act means the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub.L. 111-203, H.R. 4173) signed into law on July 21, 2010, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Dollar or the sign means lawful currency of the United States. Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary. 
 Dormant Subsidiary means a Company that (a) is not a Credit Party or the direct or indirect equity holder of a Credit Party, (b) has aggregate assets of less than Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 2,500,000) and aggregate investments by the Companies of less than Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 2,500,000), and (c) has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries with aggregate assets, for such Company and all such Subsidiaries, of more than Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 2,500,000). 
 
 Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders , written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of 
 
 (a) a notification by the Administrative Agent to each of the other parties hereto that at least (5) currently outstanding Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) either a SOFR-based rate (including term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate or an alternate benchmark interest rate to replace Eurodollar Rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 

(b) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from the Eurodollar Rate and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in subpart (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country that is a subsidiary of an institution described in subparts (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.9(b)(iii), (v) and (vi) hereof (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.9(b)(iii) hereof). 
 
 Environmental Laws means all provisions of law (including the common law), statutes, ordinances, codes, rules, guidelines, policies, procedures, orders-in-council, regulations, permits, licenses, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, orders, awards and standards promulgated by a Governmental Authority or by any court, agency, instrumentality, regulatory authority or commission of any of the foregoing concerning environmental health or safety and protection of, or regulation of the discharge of substances into, the environment. 
 
 Environmental Permits means all permits, licenses, authorizations, certificates, approvals or registrations required by any Governmental Authority under any Environmental Laws. 
 
 Equalization Event means the earlier of (a) the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 7.10 hereof, or (b) the acceleration of the maturity of the Obligations after the occurrence of an Event of Default. 
 
 Equalization Maximum Amount means that term as defined in Section 8.5(b)(i) hereof. 
 Equalization Percentage means that term as defined in Section 8.5(b)(ii) hereof. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
 from time to time, and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. 

ERISA Event means (a) the existence of a condition or event with respect to an ERISA Plan that presents a significant risk of the imposition of an excise tax in a material amount or any other material liability on a Company or of the imposition of a Lien on the assets of a Company (b) the engagement by a Controlled Group member in a non-exempt prohibited transaction (as defined under ERISA Section 406 or Code Section 4975) or a breach of a fiduciary duty under ERISA that, in either case, could result in material liability to a Controlled Group member (c) the application by a Controlled Group member for a waiver from the minimum funding requirements of Code Section 412 or ERISA Section 302 or a Controlled Group member is required to provide security under Code Section 412(c)(4) or ERISA Section 302(c)(4) (d) the occurrence of a Reportable Event with respect to any Pension Plan as to which 30-day notice is required to be provided to the PBGC (e) the withdrawal by a Controlled Group member from a Multiemployer Plan in a complete withdrawal or a partial withdrawal (as such terms are defined in ERISA Sections 4203 and 4205, respectively) which results or is likely to result in a material liability to a Company (f) the plan actuary for a Multiemployer Plan has certified to the plan sponsor and the Secretary of the Department of Treasury that the Multiemployer Plan is in endangered status or critical status as defined in Section 432 of the Code (g) the failure of an ERISA Plan (and any related trust) that is intended to be qualified under Code Sections 401 and 501 to be so qualified or the failure of any cash or deferred arrangement under any such ERISA Plan to meet the requirements of Code Section 401(k) if such failure is reasonably likely to result in a material liability (h) the taking by the PBGC of any steps to terminate a Pension Plan or appoint a trustee to administer a Pension Plan, or the taking by a Controlled Group member of any steps to terminate a Pension Plan (i) the failure by a Controlled Group member or an ERISA Plan to satisfy any requirements of law applicable to an ERISA Plan if such failure is reasonably likely to result in a material liability (j) the commencement, existence or threatening of a claim, action, suit, audit or investigation with respect to an ERISA Plan, other than a routine claim for benefits, and such action or suit could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (k) any incurrence by or any expectation of the incurrence by a Controlled Group member of any liability for post-retirement medical benefits under any Welfare Plan, other than as required by ERISA Section 601, et. seq. or Code Section 4980B, except for limited benefits in connection with a severance arrangement or benefits for retired senior executives or directors of a Company. 
 
 ERISA Plan means an employee benefit plan (within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(3)) that a Controlled Group member at any time sponsors, maintains, contributes to, has liability with respect to or has an obligation to contribute to such plan. 
 
 Erroneous Payment means that term as defined in Section 10.22(a) hereof. 
 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment means that term as defined in Section 10.22(d) hereof. 
 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Class means that term as defined in Section 10.22(d) 
 hereof. 
 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency means that term as defined in Section 10.22(d) 
 hereof. 

Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights means that term as defined in Section 10.22(d) 
 hereof. 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor entity), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Eurocurrency Liabilities shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. 
 Eurodollar means a Dollar denominated deposit in a bank or branch outside of the United States. 
 Eurodollar Loan means a Revolving Loan described in Section 2.2(a) hereof or a portion of the Term Loan described in Section 2.3 hereof, that shall be denominated in Dollars and on which the Borrower shall pay interest at the Derived Eurodollar Rate. 
 Eurodollar Rate means, with respect to a Eurodollar Loan, for any Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the quotient obtained (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1 16 th of 1 by dividing (a) the rate of interest, determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with its usual procedures (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) as of approximately 11 00 A.M. (London time) two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period pertaining to such Eurodollar Loan, as listed as the London interbank offered rate, as published by Thomson Reuters or Bloomberg (or, if for any reason such rate is unavailable from Thomson Reuters or Bloomberg, from any other similar company or service that provides rate quotations comparable to those currently provided by Thomson Reuters or Bloomberg) for Dollar deposits in immediately available funds with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period by (b) 1.00 minus the Reserve Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Eurodollar Rate as determined above is less than zero, it shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Event of Default means an event or condition that shall constitute an event of default as defined in Article VII hereof. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to a Recipient, any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office located in, or, in the case of any Lender, having its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof), or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Sections 3.6 or 10.3(c) hereof) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto, or to such Lender 

immediately before it changed its lending office (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.2(c) hereof and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed with respect to such Recipient pursuant to FATCA. 
 
 Existing Letter of Credit means that term as defined in Section 2.2(b)(vii) hereof. Extension means that term as defined in Section 2.15(a) hereof. 
 Extension Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement (which may, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, be in the form of an amendment and restatement of this Agreement) among the Credit Parties, the applicable extending Lenders, the Administrative Agent and, to the extent required by Section 2.15 hereof, the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender implementing an Extension in accordance with Section 2.15 hereof. 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as in effect on the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable to and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 
 FCPA means that term as defined in Section 6.3(e) hereof. 
 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded upward to the nearest one one-hundredth of one percent (1 100 of 1 in accordance with the Administrative Agent s customary practices announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the Federal Funds Effective Rate as of the Closing Date. 
 
 Financial Officer means any of the following officers chief executive officer, president, any vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller or assistant controller. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Financial Officer in this Agreement shall refer to a Financial Officer of the Borrower. 
 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Eurodollar Rate. 
 First Amendment Effective Date means May 12, 2023. 
 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to zero percent (0 per annum. 
 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 

Foreign Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States, a State thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the Issuing Lender, such Defaulting Lender s outstanding Letter of Credit Exposure (to the extent of such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitment) with respect to Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender, other than Letter of Credit Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Swing Line Exposure (to the extent of such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitment) made by such Swing Line Lender, other than Swing Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders. 
 
 Funded Indebtedness means, without duplication, the sum of (a) all Indebtedness for borrowed money, (b) all Capitalized Lease Obligations, and (c) all Indebtedness pursuant to letters of credit, synthetic lease and asset securitizations. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as then in effect, which shall include the official interpretations thereof by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, applied on a basis consistent with the past accounting practices and procedures of the Borrower. 
 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, department, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank), any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization exercising such functions, and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 
 Guarantor means a Person that shall have pledged its credit or property in any manner for the payment or other performance of the indebtedness, contract or other obligation of another and includes (without limitation) any guarantor (whether of payment or of collection), surety, co-maker, endorser or Person that shall have agreed conditionally or otherwise to make any purchase, loan or investment in order thereby to enable another to prevent or correct a default of any kind. 
 
 Guarantor of Payment means each of the Companies designated a Guarantor of Payment on Schedule 2 hereto, each of which is executing and delivering a Guaranty of Payment on the Closing Date, and any other Person that shall execute and deliver a Guaranty of Payment (or Guaranty of Payment Joinder) to the Administrative Agent subsequent to the Closing Date. 

Guaranty of Payment means each Guaranty of Payment executed and delivered on or after the Closing Date in connection with this Agreement by the Guarantors of Payment, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified. 
 
 Guaranty of Payment Joinder means each Guaranty of Payment Joinder, executed and delivered by a Guarantor of Payment for the purpose of adding such Guarantor of Payment as a party to a previously executed Guaranty of Payment. 
 
 Indebtedness means, for any Company (excluding in all cases trade payables payable in the ordinary course of business by such Company and all earn-out, take-or-pay or similar obligations to the extent such obligation is not shown as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP), without duplication, (a) all obligations to repay borrowed money, direct or indirect, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed, (b) all obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price of capital assets, (c) all obligations under conditional sales or other title retention agreements, (d) the fair value (as disclosed on the Borrower s quarterly financial statements, prepared on a quarterly basis and reported to the SEC in 10-Q and 10-K reports) of all obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any letter of credit, banker s acceptance, currency swap agreement, interest rate swap, cap, collar or floor agreement or other interest rate management or hedging device, (e) all synthetic leases, (f) all Capitalized Lease Obligations, (g) all obligations of such Company with respect to asset securitization financing programs to the extent that there is recourse against such Company or such Company is liable (contingent or otherwise) under any such program, (h) all obligations to advance funds to, or to purchase assets, property or services from, any other Person in order to maintain the financial condition of such Person, (i) any other transaction (including forward sale or purchase agreements) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered into by such Company to finance its operations or capital requirements, and (j) any guaranty of any obligation described in subparts 
 (a) through (i) above. 
 
 Interest Adjustment Date means the last day of each Interest Period. 
 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means, as determined for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Borrower, on a Consolidated basis, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA to 
 (b) Consolidated Interest Expense. 
 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any Base Rate Loan (other than a Swing Loan) or any Daily Simple SOFR Loan, each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date, (b) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period therefor and, in the case of any Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at three month intervals after the first day of such Interest Period, and (c) with respect to any Swing Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid. 
 
 Interest Period means, with respect to a Eurodollar each Term SOFR Loan, the a period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Loan is made and ending on the last day of such period, of one, three or six months (in each case, subject to the availability thereof) as selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions hereof, and, thereafter (unless such Eurodollar Loan is converted to a Base Rate Loan ), each subsequent period commencing on provided, however, that (a) the initial Interest Period for any Term SOFR Loan shall commence on the date of such Loan (the date of a Loan resulting from a conversion or continuation shall be the date of such conversion or continuation) and each Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Loan shall commence on the first day after the last day of the immediately next preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of such period, as selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions hereof. The duration of each Interest Period for a Eurodollar Loan shall be one month, three months or six months, in each case as the Borrower may select 

upon notice, as set forth in Section 2.6 hereof provided that, if the Borrower shall fail to so select the duration (b) if any Interest Period begins on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such calendar month (c) if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day provided, however, that if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day but is a day of the month after which no further Business Day occurs in such month, such Interest Period shall expire on the next preceding Business Day (d) no Interest Period for any Term SOFR Loan may be selected that would end after the last day of the Commitment Period and (e) if, upon the expiration of any Interest Period at least three Business Days prior to the , the Borrower has failed to (or may not) elect a new Interest Adjustment Date Period to be applicable to such Eurodollar the respective Term SOFR Loan as provided above , the Borrower shall be deemed to have converted elected to convert such Eurodollar Loan to a Base Rate Loan at the end effective as of the then expiration date of such current Interest Period. 
 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Issuing Lender means, (a) as to any Letter of Credit transaction hereunder, the Administrative Agent as issuer of the Letter of Credit, or, in the event that the Administrative Agent either shall be unable to issue or shall agree, with the consent of the Borrower, that another Revolving Lender may issue, a Letter of Credit, such other Revolving Lender as shall agree to issue the Letter of Credit in its own name, but in each instance on behalf of the Revolving Lenders hereunder, or (b) as to any Existing Letter of Credit, KeyBank. 
 
 KeyBank means KeyBank National Association, and its successors and assigns. Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, 
 treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 
 Lender means that term as defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement and, as the context requires, shall include the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender. 

Lender Credit Exposure means, for any Lender, at any time, the aggregate of such Lender s respective pro rata shares of the Revolving Credit Exposure and the Term Loan Exposure. 
 
 Letter of Credit means a commercial documentary letter of credit or standby letter of credit that shall be issued by the Issuing Lender for the account of the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, including amendments thereto, if any, and shall have an expiration date no later than the earlier of (a) one year after its date of issuance (provided that such Letter of Credit may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one year periods), or (b) thirty (30) days prior to the last day of the Commitment Period. 
 
 Letter of Credit Commitment means the commitment of the Issuing Lender, on behalf of the Revolving Lenders, to issue Letters of Credit in an aggregate face amount of up to Fifty Million Dollars 50,000,000). 
 
 Letter of Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit, and (b) the aggregate of the draws made on Letters of Credit that have not been reimbursed by the Borrower or converted to a Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(b)(v) hereof. 
 
 Letter of Credit Fee means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, for any day, an amount equal to (a) the face amount of such Letter of Credit, multiplied by (b) the Applicable Margin for Revolving Loans that are Eurodollar SOFR Loans in effect on such day divided by three hundred sixty (360). 
 
 Leverage Ratio means, at any time, on a Consolidated basis, the ratio of (a) Net Indebtedness (as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter of the Borrower), to (b) Consolidated EBITDA (for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Borrower). 
 
 Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period means a four consecutive fiscal quarter period of the Borrower that meets the following criteria (a) a Material Acquisition Event shall have occurred during the first fiscal quarter of such period, and (b) by no later than thirty (30) days after the last day of the first fiscal quarter of such period, the Borrower shall have designated such period a Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period pursuant to a written notification to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of such designation promptly after receipt thereof from the Borrower) provided that (i) the designation of a Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period shall be available to the Borrower only after the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received, with respect to each Acquisition that is a part of such Material Acquisition Event, (A) the historical financial statements of the target entity of such Acquisition, and (B) pro forma financial statements of the Companies accompanied by a certificate of a Financial Officer showing pro forma compliance with Section 5.7 hereof, both before and after (assuming implementation of the Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period) giving effect to such Acquisition, and (ii) the Borrower shall request no more than two such Leverage Ratio Step-Up Periods during the Commitment Period. 

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, security interest, lien (statutory or other), charge, assignment, hypothecation, encumbrance on, pledge or deposit of, or conditional sale, lease (other than operating leases), sale with a right of redemption or other title retention agreement and any capitalized lease with respect to any property (real or personal) or asset. 
 
 Loan means a Revolving Loan, a Swing Loan or, if applicable, the Term Loan. 
 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, each Note, each Guaranty of Payment, each Guaranty of Payment Joinder, all documentation relating to each Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and the Closing Fee Letter, as any of the foregoing may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified or replaced, and any other document delivered pursuant thereto. 
 
 Mandatory Prepayment means any payment required to be made pursuant to Section 2.12(c) hereof. 
 
 Material Acquisition Event means the date a Credit Party completes an Acquisition (or a series of Acquisitions over a period of one fiscal quarter) the aggregate Consideration for which is greater than or equal to Fifty Million Dollars 50,000,000). 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, (b) the business, assets, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Companies taken as a whole, (c) the material rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under any Loan Document, (d) the ability of any Credit Party to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party, or (e) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Credit Party of any material provision of any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 
 Material Indebtedness Agreement means any debt instrument, lease (capital, operating or otherwise), guaranty, contract, commitment, agreement or other arrangement evidencing or entered into in connection with any Funded Indebtedness of any Company or the Companies equal to or in excess of the amount of Fifty Million Dollars 50,000,000). 
 
 Maximum Amount means, for each Lender, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name under the column headed Maximum Amount as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, subject to (a) decreases pursuant to Section 2.10(a) hereof, (b) increases pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof, (c) decreases of the Term Loan by virtue of principal payments made, and (d) assignments of interests pursuant to Section 10.9 hereof provided that the Maximum Amount for the Swing Line Lender shall exclude the Swing Line Commitment (other than its pro rata share), and the Maximum Amount of an Issuing Lender shall exclude the Letter of Credit Commitment (other than its pro rata share thereof). 
 
 Maximum Rate means that term as defined in Section 2.4(e) hereof. 

Maximum Revolving Amount means Nine Hundred Million Dollars 900,000,000), as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof, or as may be decreased pursuant to Section 2.10(a) hereof. 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., and any successor to such company. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means a Pension Plan that is subject to the requirements of 
 Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 
 Net Indebtedness means, at any time, the excess, if any, of (a) Indebtedness of the Companies as of such date, over (b) the Unrestricted Cash Amount as of such date. 
 
 Non-Consenting Lender means that term as defined in Section 10.3(c) hereof. 
 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 
 Note means a Revolving Credit Note, the Swing Line Note or a Term Note, or any other promissory note delivered pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Notice of Loan means a Notice of Loan in the form of the attached Exhibit D . Obligations means, collectively, (a) all Indebtedness and other obligations now owing 
 or hereafter incurred by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the Issuing Lender, or any Lender pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and includes the principal of and interest on all Loans, and all obligations of the Borrower or any other Credit Party pursuant to Letters of Credit (b) each extension, renewal, consolidation or refinancing of any of the foregoing, in whole or in part (c) the facility and other fees, and any prepayment fees, payable pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (d) all fees and charges in connection with the Letters of Credit and (e) every other liability, now or hereafter owing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by any Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 OFAC means that term as defined in Section 6.3(d) hereof. 
 
 Organizational Documents means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), such Person s Articles (Certificate) of Incorporation, operating agreement or equivalent formation documents, and Regulations (Bylaws), or equivalent governing documents, and any amendments to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any 

Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or any Loan Document). 
 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise, ad valorem or property taxes, goods and services taxes, harmonized sales taxes and other sales taxes, use taxes, value added taxes, transfer taxes, charges or similar taxes or levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 Overall Commitment Percentage means, for any Lender, the percentage determined by dividing (a) the sum, based upon such Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentages, of (i) the principal outstanding on the Term Loan, (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding, (iii) the Swing Line Exposure, and (iv) the Letter of Credit Exposure by (b) the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of all Loans outstanding, plus (B) the Letter of Credit Exposure. 
 
 Participant means that term as defined in Section 10.9(d) hereof. Participant Register means that term as defined in Section 10.9(d) hereof. 
 Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, USA Patriot Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Payment Recipient means that term as defined in Section 10.22(a) hereof. 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and its successor. 
 
 Pension Plan means an ERISA Plan that is a pension plan (within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(2)). 
 
 Permitted Foreign Subsidiary Loans, Guaranties and Investments means 
 
 (a) any loans made prior to the Closing Date by a Credit Party or a Domestic Subsidiary to a Foreign Subsidiary 
 
 (b) any investments made prior to the Closing Date by a Credit Party or a Domestic Subsidiary in a Foreign Subsidiary 
 
 (c) any guaranties of Indebtedness of a Foreign Subsidiary made prior to the Closing Date by a Credit Party or a Domestic Subsidiary and 
 
 (d) any loans by a Credit Party to, investments by a Credit Party in, guaranties by a Credit Party of Indebtedness of, and Letters of Credit issued to or for the benefit of, a Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party, made on or after the Closing Date, up to the aggregate amount at any time outstanding, for all such Foreign Subsidiaries, equal to twenty percent (20 of Consolidated Net Worth provided that, (i) if any loan, investment, guaranty or letter of credit is made for the benefit of a Foreign Subsidiary that becomes a Credit Party after the Closing Date, the amount attributable to such loan, investment, guaranty or letter of credit shall be excluded from the foregoing calculation, and (ii) any loan, investment, guaranty or letter of credit made at a time 

when it was permitted under this subpart (d) shall not be deemed to violate this subpart (d) due to subsequent reductions in Consolidated Net Worth. 
 
 Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint venture, unincorporated organization, corporation, limited liability company, unlimited liability company, institution, trust, estate, Governmental Authority or any other entity. 
 
 Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system selected by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Prime Rate means the interest rate established from time to time by the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent s prime rate, whether or not such rate shall be publicly announced the Prime Rate may not be the lowest interest rate charged by the Administrative Agent for commercial or other extensions of credit. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective immediately from and after such change. 
 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the United States Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Recipient means, as applicable (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender, or (c) the Issuing Lender. 
 
 Register means that term as described in Section 10.9(c) hereof. 
 
 Regularly Scheduled Payment Date means the last day of each March, June, September and December of each year. 
 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Related Writing means each Loan Document and any other assignment, mortgage, security agreement, guaranty agreement, subordination agreement, financial statement, audit report or other writing furnished by any Credit Party, or any of its officers, to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to or otherwise in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Reportable Event means a reportable event as that term is defined in Title IV of ERISA, except actions of general applicability by the Secretary of Labor under Section 110 of such Act. 
 
 Required Lenders means the holders, based upon each Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentages, of more than fifty percent (50 of an amount (the Total Amount equal to the sum of 
 
 (a) (i) during the Commitment Period, the Maximum Revolving Amount, or (ii) after the Commitment Period, the Revolving Credit Exposure and 
 
 (b) the principal outstanding on the Term Loan 
 
 provided that (A) the portion of the Total Amount held or deemed to be held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders, and (B) if there shall be two or more non-affiliated Lenders (that are not Defaulting Lenders), Required Lenders shall constitute at least two non-affiliated Lenders. 
 
 Reserve Percentage means, for any day, that percentage (expressed as a decimal) that is in effect on such day, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including, without limitation, all basic, supplemental, marginal and other reserves and taking into account any transitional adjustments or other scheduled changes in reserve requirements) for a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in Cleveland, Ohio, in respect of Eurocurrency Liabilities. The Eurodollar Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in the Reserve Percentage. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Revolving Credit Commitment means the obligation hereunder, during the Commitment Period, of (a) the Revolving Lenders (and each Revolving Lender) to make Revolving Loans, (b) the Issuing Lender to issue, and each Revolving Lender to participate in, Letters of Credit pursuant to the Letter of Credit Commitment, and (c) the Swing Line Lender to make, and each Revolving Lender to participate in, Swing Loans pursuant to the Swing Line Commitment up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time equal to the Maximum Revolving Amount. 
 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding, (b) the Swing Line Exposure, and (c) the Letter of Credit Exposure. 
 
 Revolving Credit Note means a Revolving Credit Note, in the form of the attached Exhibit A , executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(a) hereof. 

Revolving Lender means a Lender with a percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitment as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, or that acquires a percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.10(b) or 10.9 hereof. 
 
 Revolving Loan means a loan made to the Borrower by the Revolving Lenders in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof. 
 
 Sanctions means that term as defined in Section 6.3(d) hereof. 
 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or any governmental body or agency succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 
 SOFR means, for any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on . 
 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org . , or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the administrator of the secured overnight financing rate SOFR Administrator from time to time ), on the immediately succeeding Business Day . 
 
 SOFR Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 SOFR Index Adjustment means a percentage per annum equal to 0.10 . 
 
 SOFR Loan means a Daily Simple SOFR Loan or a Term SOFR Loan. 
 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that (a) the fair value of such Person s assets is in excess of the total amount of such Person s debts, as determined in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code, (b) the present fair saleable value of such Person s assets is in excess of the amount that will be required to pay such Person s debts as such debts become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities (including disputed, contingent and unliquidated liabilities) as such liabilities mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond its ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which its property would constitute an unreasonably small amount of capital. As used in this definition, the term debts includes any 

legal liability, whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, absolute, fixed or contingent, as determined in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 Special Purpose Subsidiary means a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower established solely in connection with an asset securitization permitted under this Agreement for the acquisition of receivables and related assets or interests therein, and that is organized in a manner intended to reduce the likelihood that it would be substantively consolidated with the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (other than Special Purpose Subsidiaries) in the event the Borrower or any such Subsidiary becomes subject to a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code (or other insolvency law). 
 
 Specific Commitment means the Revolving Credit Commitment or the Term Loan Commitment. 
 
 Standard & Poor s means S&P Global Ratings, a business unit of Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 
 Subsidiary of a Company means (a) a corporation more than fifty percent (50 of the Voting Power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Company or by one or more other subsidiaries of such Company or by such Company and one or more subsidiaries of such Company, (b) a partnership, limited liability company or unlimited liability company of which such Company, one or more other subsidiaries of such Company or such Company and one or more subsidiaries of such Company, directly or indirectly, is a general partner or managing member, as the case may be, or otherwise has an ownership interest greater than fifty percent (50 of all of the ownership interests in such partnership, limited liability company or unlimited liability company, or (c) any other Person (other than a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or unlimited liability company) in which such Company, one or more other subsidiaries of such Company or such Company and one or more subsidiaries of such Company, directly or indirectly, has at least a majority interest in the Voting Power or the power to elect or direct the election of a majority of directors or other governing body of such Person. 
 
 Supporting Letter of Credit means a standby letter of credit, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender, issued by an issuer satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender. 
 
 Swing Line Commitment means the commitment of the Swing Line Lender to make Swing Loans to the Borrower up to the aggregate amount at any time outstanding of Twenty-Five Million Dollars 25,000,000). 
 
 Swing Line Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Loans outstanding. 
 
 Swing Line Lender means KeyBank, as holder of the Swing Line Commitment. 
 
 Swing Line Note means the Swing Line Note, in the form of the attached Exhibit B 
 executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(b) hereof. 

Swing Loan means a loan that shall be denominated in Dollars made to the Borrower by the Swing Line Lender under the Swing Line Commitment, in accordance with Section 2.2(c) hereof. 
 
 Swing Loan Maturity Date means, with respect to any Swing Loan, the earlier of (a) the date agreed to by the Borrower and the Swing Line Lender, which shall be no more than thirty 
 (30) days after the date such Swing Loan is made, or (b) the last day of the Commitment Period. 
 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term Lender means a Lender with a percentage of the Term Loan Commitment (or, after the Term Loan Commitment has terminated, the Term Loan), or that acquires a percentage of the Term Loan Commitment pursuant to Section 10.9 hereof. 
 
 Term Loan means the loan made to the Borrower by the Term Lenders in accordance with Section 2.3 hereof. For clarification purpose, as of the Closing Date, there is no Term Loan. 
 
 Term Loan Commitment means the obligation hereunder of each Term Lender to participate in the making of the Term Loan. 
 
 Term Loan Exposure means, at any time, the outstanding principal amount of the Term 
 Loan. 
 
 Term Loan Facility means that term as defined in Section 2.10(b)(i) hereof. 
 
 Term Loan Facility Amendment means that term as defined in Section 2.10(c)(ii) 
 hereof. 
 
 Term Loan Maturity Date means the maturity date of the Term Loan, if a Term Loan Facility is added pursuant to Section 2.10(b)(i) hereof. 
 
 Term Note means a Term Note, in the form of the attached Exhibit C executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(c) hereof. 
 
 Term SOFR means for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Lookback Day that is two SOFR Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and rounded in accordance with the Administrative Agent s customary practice), as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on any Lookback Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding SOFR Business Day is not more than three SOFR Business Days prior to such Lookback Day, and for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan , the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day that is two SOFR Business Days prior to the date the Base Rate is determined, subject to the proviso provided above. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Ltd. (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Revolving Loan described in Section 2.2(a) hereof , or a portion of a Term Loan described in Section 2.3 hereof, in each case on which the Borrower shall pay interest at the Derived Term SOFR Rate. 
 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor, Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body . 
 
 Trade Date means that term as defined in Section 10.9(b)(i)(B) hereof. 
 
 Total Commitment Amount means Nine Hundred Million Dollars 900,000,000), as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof, or decreased pursuant to Sections 2.3 or 2.10(a) hereof. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 Unrestricted Cash Amount means, at any date, that portion of the Borrower s or a Subsidiary s aggregate cash and cash equivalents that is on deposit with one or more Lenders and that is not encumbered by or subject to any Lien (including, without limitation, any Lien permitted hereunder), setoff (other than ordinary course setoff rights of a depository bank arising under a bank depository agreement for customary fees, charges and other account-related expenses due to such depository bank thereunder), counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right in favor of any Person. 
 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate means that term as defined in Section 3.2(e) hereof. UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under 
 the PRA Rulebook (as amended form from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 

Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 United States means the United States of America. 
 
 Voting Power means, with respect to any Person, the exclusive ability to control, through the ownership of shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or otherwise, the election of members of the board of directors or other similar governing body of such Person. The holding of a designated percentage of Voting Power of a Person means the ownership of shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or other interests of such Person sufficient to control exclusively the election of that percentage of the members of the board of directors or similar governing body of such Person. 
 
 Welfare Plan means an ERISA Plan that is a welfare plan within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(l). 
 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means any Person, the equity interests of which are one hundred percent (100 owned (other than, with respect to the ownership of equity interests of Foreign Subsidiaries, such equity interests as are necessary to qualify directors where required by Applicable Law or to satisfy other requirements of Applicable Law) are at the time owned by the Borrower, directly, or indirectly through other Persons one hundred percent (100 of whose equity interests are at the time owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 Section 1.2. Accounting Terms . 
 
 (a) Any accounting term not specifically defined in this Article I shall have the meaning ascribed thereto by GAAP. 
 
 (b) If any change in the rules, regulations, pronouncements, opinions or other requirements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or any successor thereto or agency with similar function) with respect to GAAP, or if the Borrower adopts the International 

Financial Reporting Standards, and such change or adoption results in a change in the calculation of any component (or components in the aggregate) of the financial covenants set forth in Section 5.7 hereof or the related financial definitions, at the option of the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or the Borrower, the parties hereto will enter into good faith negotiations to amend such financial covenants and financial definitions in such manner as the parties shall agree, each acting reasonably, in order to reflect fairly such change or adoption so that the criteria for evaluating the financial condition of the Borrower shall be the same in commercial effect after, as well as before, such change or adoption is made (in which case the method and calculating such financial covenants and definitions hereunder shall be determined in the manner so agreed) provided that, until so amended, such calculations shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP as in effect prior to such change or adoption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any lease which is required to be characterized as an operating lease under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date shall continue to be treated as an operating lease for all purposes of this Agreement after the Closing Date despite any changes in GAAP occurring after the Closing Date, and any such lease payments shall not be considered Capitalized Lease Obligations hereunder. 
 
 Section 1.3. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 
 Section 1.4. Benchmark Notification Rates. The interest rate on Loans denominated in Dollars may be determined by reference to a benchmark rate that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform or cessation . The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to , (a) the continuation of, administration of , submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Eurodollar Rate or with respect to Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative or , successor benchmark thereto, or replacement rate therefor or thereof thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement) , 

including , without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate , as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 3.8 hereof, (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the Eurodollar Rate or any other benchmark or have the same volume or liquidity as did , the Eurodollar Rate or any other benchmark rate Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability . , or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. The Administrative Agent will, in keeping with industry practice, continue using its current rounding practices in connection with the Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR. In connection with the use or administration of Daily Simple SOFR and Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Daily Simple SOFR and Term SOFR. 
 
 Section 1.5. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its equity interests at such time. 

ARTICLE II. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 
 
 Section 2.1. Amount and Nature of Credit . 
 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Lenders, during the Commitment Period and to the extent hereinafter provided, shall make Loans to the Borrower, 

participate in Swing Loans made by the Swing Line Lender to the Borrower, and issue or participate in Letters of Credit at the request of the Borrower, in such aggregate amount as the Borrower shall request pursuant to the Commitment provided that in no event shall the sum of the aggregate principal amount of all Loans outstanding under this Agreement and the Letter of Credit Exposure be in excess of the Total Commitment Amount. 
 
 (b) Each Lender, for itself and not one for any other, agrees to make Loans, participate in Swing Loans, and issue or participate in Letters of Credit, during the Commitment Period, on such basis that, immediately after the completion of any borrowing by the Borrower or the issuance of a Letter of Credit 
 
 (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans made by such Lender (other than Swing Loans made by the Swing Line Lender), when combined with such Lender s pro rata share, if any, of the Letter of Credit Exposure and the Swing Line Exposure, shall not be in excess of the Maximum Amount for such Lender and 
 
 (ii) with respect to each Specific Commitment, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans (other than Swing Loans) made by such Lender with respect to such Specific Commitment shall represent that percentage of the aggregate principal amount then outstanding on all Loans (other than Swing Loans) within such Specific Commitment that shall be such Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentage. 
 
 Within each Specific Commitment, each borrowing (other than Swing Loans which shall be risk participated on a pro rata basis) from the Lenders shall be made pro rata according to the respective Applicable Commitment Percentages of the Lenders. 
 
 (c) The Loans may be made as Revolving Loans as described in Section 2.2(a) hereof, as the Term Loan as described in Section 2.3 hereof, and as Swing Loans as described in Section 2.2(c) hereof, and Letters of Credit may be issued in accordance with Section 2.2(b) hereof. 
 Section 2.2. Revolving Credit Commitment . 
 
 (a) Revolving Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Revolving Lenders shall make a Revolving Loan or Revolving Loans to the Borrower in such amount or amounts as the Borrower, through an Authorized Officer, may from time to time request, but not exceeding in aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding hereunder the Revolving Credit Commitment, when such Revolving Loans are combined with the Letter of Credit Exposure and the Swing Line Exposure. The Borrower shall have the option, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to borrow Revolving Loans, maturing on the last day of the Commitment Period, by means of any combination of Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar , Daily Simple SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Loans. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Borrower shall be entitled to borrow Revolving Loans, repay the same in whole or in part and re-borrow Revolving Loans hereunder at any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period. The aggregate outstanding amount of all Revolving Loans shall be payable in full on the last day of the Commitment Period. 
 
 (b) Letters of Credit . 
 
 (i) Generally . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Issuing Lender shall, in its own name, on behalf of the Revolving Lenders, issue such Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, as the Borrower may from time to time request. 

The Borrower shall not request any Letter of Credit (and the Issuing Lender shall not be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit) if, after giving effect thereto, (A) the Letter of Credit Exposure would exceed the Letter of Credit Commitment, or (B) the Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment. The issuance of each Letter of Credit shall confer upon each Revolving Lender the benefits and liabilities of a participation consisting of an undivided pro rata interest in the Letter of Credit to the extent of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentage. 
 
 (ii) Request for Letter of Credit . Each request for a Letter of Credit shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent (and to the Issuing Lender, if the Issuing Lender is a Lender other than the Administrative Agent) by an Authorized Officer not later than 11 00 A.M. (Eastern time) three Business Days prior to the date of the proposed issuance of the Letter of Credit. Each such request shall be in a form acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and the Issuing Lender, if the Issuing Lender is a Lender other than the Administrative Agent) and shall specify the face amount thereof, whether such Letter of Credit is a commercial documentary or a standby Letter of Credit, the account party, the beneficiary, the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, the expiry date thereof, and the nature of the transaction or obligation to be supported thereby. Concurrently with each such request, the Borrower, and any Guarantor of Payment for whose account the Letter of Credit is to be issued, shall execute and deliver to the Issuing Lender an appropriate application and agreement, being in the standard form of the Issuing Lender for such letters of credit, as amended to conform to the provisions of this Agreement if required by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall give the Issuing Lender and each Revolving Lender notice of each such request for a Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Issuing Lender shall have the right to refuse to issue a Letter of Credit if the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Issuing Lender applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 
 (iii) Commercial Documentary Letters of Credit Fees . With respect to each Letter of Credit that shall be a commercial documentary letter of credit and the drafts thereunder, whether issued for the account of the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, the Borrower agrees to (A) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the pro rata benefit of the Revolving Lenders, a non-refundable commission based upon the face amount of such Letter of Credit, which shall be paid quarterly in arrears, on each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount equal to the aggregate sum of the Letter of Credit Fee for such Letter of Credit for each day of such quarter (B) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Issuing Lender, an additional Letter of Credit fee, which shall be paid on the date that any draw shall be made on such Letter of Credit, at the rate of one-eighth percent (1 8 of the amount drawn under such Letter of Credit and (C) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Issuing Lender, such other issuance, amendment, renewal, negotiation, draw, acceptance, telex, courier, postage and similar transactional fees as are customarily charged by the Issuing Lender in respect of the issuance and administration of similar letters of credit under its fee schedule as in effect from time to time. 
 
 (iv) Standby Letters of Credit Fees . With respect to each Letter of Credit that shall be a standby letter of credit and the drafts thereunder, if any, whether issued for the account of the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment, the Borrower agrees to (A) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the pro rata benefit of the Revolving Lenders, a non-refundable commission based upon the face amount of such Letter of Credit, which shall be paid quarterly in arrears, on each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date, in an amount equal to the aggregate sum of the Letter of Credit Fee for such Letter of Credit for each day of such quarter (B) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Issuing Lender, an additional Letter of Credit fee, which shall be paid on each date that such Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or renewed at 

the rate of one-eighth percent (1 8 of the face amount of such Letter of Credit and (C) pay to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Issuing Lender, such other issuance, amendment, renewal, negotiation, draw, acceptance, telex, courier, postage and similar transactional fees as are customarily charged by the Issuing Lender in respect of the issuance and administration of similar letters of credit under its fee schedule as in effect from time to time. 
 
 (v) Refunding of Letters of Credit with Revolving Loans . Whenever a Letter of Credit shall be drawn, the Borrower shall immediately reimburse the Issuing Lender for the amount drawn. In the event that the amount drawn shall not have been reimbursed by the Borrower within one Business Day of the drawing of such Letter of Credit, at the sole option of the Administrative Agent (and the Issuing Lender, if the Issuing Lender is a Lender other than the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Loan, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.2(a) and 2.6 hereof (other than the requirement set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof), in the amount drawn. Such Revolving Loan shall be evidenced by the Revolving Credit Notes (or, if a Lender has not requested a Revolving Credit Note, by the records of the Administrative Agent and such Lender). Each Revolving Lender agrees to make a Revolving Loan on the date of such notice, subject to no conditions precedent whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to make a Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof when required by this Section 2.2(b)(v) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation, the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default, and that its payment to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Lender, of the proceeds of such Revolving Loan shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever and whether or not the Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced or terminated. The Borrower irrevocably authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to apply the proceeds of any borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.2(b)(v) to reimburse, in full (other than the Issuing Lender s pro rata share of such borrowing), the Issuing Lender for the amount drawn on such Letter of Credit. Each such Revolving Loan shall be deemed to be a Base Rate Loan unless otherwise requested by and available to the Borrower hereunder. Each Revolving Lender is hereby authorized to record on its records relating to its Revolving Credit Note (or, if such Revolving Lender has not requested a Revolving Credit Note, its records relating to Revolving Loans) such Revolving Lender s pro rata share of the amounts paid and not reimbursed on the Letters of Credit. 
 
 (vi) Participation in Letters of Credit . If, for any reason, the Administrative Agent (and the Issuing Lender if the Issuing Lender is a Revolving Lender other than the Administrative Agent) shall be unable to or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, it shall be impracticable to, convert any amount drawn under a Letter of Credit to a Revolving Loan pursuant to the preceding subpart (v), the Administrative Agent (and the Issuing Lender if the Issuing Lender is a Revolving Lender other than the Administrative Agent) shall have the right to request that each Revolving Lender fund a participation in the amount due with respect to such Letter of Credit, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender thereof (by facsimile or email (in each case confirmed by telephone), or telephone (confirmed in writing)). Upon such notice, but without further action, the Issuing Lender hereby agrees to grant to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby agrees to acquire from the Issuing Lender, an undivided participation interest in the amount due with respect to such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentage of the principal amount due with respect to such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt 

of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Lender, such Revolving Lender s ratable share of the amount due with respect to such Letter of Credit (determined in accordance with such Revolving Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentage). Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in the amount due under any Letter of Credit that is drawn but not reimbursed by the Borrower pursuant to this subsection (vi) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation, the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever and whether or not the Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced or terminated. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this subsection (vi) by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.6 hereof with respect to Revolving Loans. Each Revolving Lender is hereby authorized to record on its records such Revolving Lender s pro rata share of the amounts paid and not reimbursed on the Letters of Credit. In addition, each Revolving Lender agrees to risk participate in the Existing Letters of Credit as provided in subsection (vii) below. 
 
 (vii) Existing Letters of Credit . Schedule 2.2 hereto contains a description of all letters of credit outstanding on, and to continue in effect after, the Closing Date. Each such letter of credit issued by a bank that is or becomes a Revolving Lender under this Agreement on the Closing Date (each, an Existing Letter of Credit shall constitute a Letter of Credit for all purposes of this Agreement, issued, for purposes of Section 2.2(b)(vi) hereof, on the Closing Date. The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lenders hereby agree that, from and after such date, the terms of this Agreement shall apply to the Existing Letters of Credit, superseding any other agreement theretofore applicable to them to the extent inconsistent with the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any reimbursement agreement applicable to the Existing Letters of Credit, the fees payable in connection with each Existing Letter of Credit to be shared with the Revolving Lenders shall accrue from the Closing Date at the rate provided in Section 2.2(b)(iii) and (iv) hereof. 
 
 (viii) Letters of Credit Outstanding Beyond the Commitment Period . If any Letter of Credit is outstanding upon the termination of the Commitment, then, upon such termination, the Borrower shall deposit with the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender, with respect to all outstanding Letters of Credit, either cash or a Supporting Letter of Credit, which, in each case, is (A) in an amount equal to one hundred five percent (105 of the undrawn amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit, and (B) free and clear of all rights and claims of third parties. The cash shall be deposited in an escrow account at a financial institution designated by the Issuing Lender. The Issuing Lender shall be entitled to withdraw (with respect to the cash) or draw (with respect to the Supporting Letter of Credit) amounts necessary to reimburse the Issuing Lender for payments to be made under the Letters of Credit and any fees and expenses associated with such Letters of Credit, or incurred pursuant to the reimbursement agreements with respect to such Letters of Credit. The Borrower shall also execute such documentation as the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender may reasonably require in connection with the survival of the Letters of Credit beyond the Commitment or this Agreement. After expiration of all undrawn Letters of Credit, the Supporting Letter of Credit or the remainder of the cash, as the case may be, shall promptly be returned to the Borrower. 
 
 (ix) Issuing Lender Resignation . Any Issuing Lender may resign at any time by giving thirty (30) days prior notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower. After the resignation of an Issuing Lender hereunder, the retiring Issuing Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the 

rights and obligations of an Issuing Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or to extend, reinstate, renew or increase any existing Letter of Credit. 
 
 (x) Interpretation Governing Law for Letters of Credit . The Issuing Lender may issue any Letter of Credit subject to the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce ICC Publication Nos. 500 (1993 Revision) or 600 (2007 Revision) (the UCP 500 or the UCP 600 or, at the Issuing Lender s option, such later revision thereof in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit (as so chosen for such Letter of Credit, the UCP or the International Standby Practices 1998, ICC Publication No. 590 or, at the Issuing Lender s option, such later revision thereof in effect at the time of issuance of the Credit (as so chosen for such Letter of Credit, the ISP , and each of the UCP and the ISP, an ICC Rule ). The Issuing Lender s privileges, rights and remedies under such ICC Rules shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, its privileges, rights and remedies expressly provided for in this Agreement. The UCP and the ISP (or such later revision of either) shall serve, in the absence of proof to the contrary, as evidence of general banking usage with respect to the subject matter thereof. Notwithstanding Section 10.23(a) of this Agreement, for matters not addressed by the chosen ICC Rule, such Letter of Credit shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the State of New York and applicable United States federal laws. 
 
 (c) Swing Loans . 
 
 (i) Generally . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Swing Line Lender shall make a Swing Loan or Swing Loans to the Borrower in such amount or amounts as the Borrower, through an Authorized Officer, may from time to time request and to which the Swing Line Lender may agree provided that the Borrower shall not request any Swing Loan if, after giving effect thereto, (A) the Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment, or (B) the Swing Line Exposure would exceed the Swing Line Commitment. Each Swing Loan shall be due and payable on the Swing Loan Maturity Date applicable thereto. The Borrower shall not request that more than two Swing Loans be outstanding at any time. 
 
 (ii) Refunding of Swing Loans . If the Swing Line Lender so elects, by giving notice to the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders, the Borrower agrees that the Swing Line Lender shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to require that the then outstanding Swing Loans be refinanced as a Revolving Loan. Such Revolving Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan unless otherwise requested by and available to the Borrower hereunder. Upon receipt of such notice by the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders, the Borrower shall be deemed, on such day, to have requested a Revolving Loan in the principal amount of such Swing Loan in accordance with Sections 2.2(a) and 2.6 hereof (other than the requirement set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof). Such Revolving Loan shall be evidenced by the Revolving Credit Notes (or, if a Revolving Lender has not requested a Revolving Credit Note, by the records of the Administrative Agent and such Revolving Lender). Each Revolving Lender agrees to make a Revolving Loan on the date of such notice, subject to no conditions precedent whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that such Revolving Lender s obligation to make a Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof when required by this Section 2.2(c)(ii) is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation, the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default, and that its payment to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swing Line Lender, of the proceeds of such Revolving Loan shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, 

counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever and whether or not the Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced or terminated. The Borrower irrevocably authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to apply the proceeds of any borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.2(c)(ii) to repay in full such Swing Loan. Each Revolving Lender is hereby authorized to record on its records relating to its Revolving Credit Note (or, if such Revolving Lender has not requested a Revolving Credit Note, its records relating to Revolving Loans) such Revolving Lender s pro rata share of the amounts paid to refund such Swing Loan. 
 
 (iii) Participation in Swing Loans . If, for any reason, the Swing Line Lender is unable to or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, it is impracticable to, convert any Swing Loan to a Revolving Loan pursuant to the preceding Section 2.2(c)(ii), then on any day that a Swing Loan is outstanding (whether before or after the maturity thereof), the Administrative Agent shall have the right to request that each Revolving Lender fund a participation in such Swing Loan, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender thereof (by facsimile or email (in each case confirmed by telephone), or telephone (confirmed in writing)). Upon such notice, but without further action, the Swing Line Lender hereby agrees to grant to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby agrees to acquire from the Swing Line Lender, an undivided participation interest in the right to share in the payment of such Swing Loan in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentage of the principal amount of such Swing Loan. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Swing Line Lender, such Revolving Lender s ratable share of such Swing Loan (determined in accordance with such Revolving Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentage). Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swing Loans pursuant to this Section 2.2(c)(iii) is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation, the occurrence and continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever and whether or not the Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced or terminated. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this Section 2.2(c)(iii) by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.6 hereof with respect to Revolving Loans to be made by such Revolving Lender. 
 
 Section 2.3. Term Loan Commitment . As of the Closing Date, there is no Term Loan available to the Borrower. 
 
 Section 2.4. Interest . 
 
 (a) Revolving Loans . 
 (i) Base Rate Loan . The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of a Revolving Loan that is a Base Rate Loan outstanding from time to time from the date thereof until paid at the Derived Base Rate for Revolving Loans from time to time in effect . Interest on such Base Rate Loan shall be payable, commencing December 31, 2021, and continuing on each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date thereafter and at the maturity thereof. 
 ii a Eurodollar Revolving Loans. The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid outstanding principal amount of each Revolving Loan that is a Eurodollar Loan outstanding from time to time, with the interest rate to be fixed in advance on the first day of the Interest Period applicable thereto through the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (but subject to changes in the Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Loans), at the Derived Eurodollar Rate for Revolving Loans. Interest on such Eurodollar Loan shall be payable on each Interest Adjustment Date with respect 

to an Interest Period (provided that, if an Interest Period shall exceed three months, the interest must also be paid every three months, commencing three months from the beginning of such Interest Period). shall bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum that shall at all times be equal to (i) during such periods as such Revolving Loan is a Base Rate Loan, the Derived Base Rate, (ii) during such periods as such Revolving Loan is a Term SOFR Loan, the applicable Derived Term SOFR Rate, and (iii) during such periods as such Revolving Loan is a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the Derived Daily Simple SOFR Rate. 
 
 (b) Swing Loans . The Borrower shall pay interest to the Administrative Agent, for the sole benefit of the Swing Line Lender (and any Revolving Lender that shall have funded a participation in such Swing Loan), on the unpaid principal amount of each Swing Loan outstanding from time to time from the date thereof until paid at the Derived Base Rate for Revolving Loans from time to time in effect. Interest on each Swing Loan shall be payable on the Swing Loan Maturity Date applicable thereto. Each Swing Loan shall bear interest for a minimum of one day. 
 
 (c) Term Loan . 
 (i) Base Rate Loan . With respect to any (c) Term Loan. The outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan shall bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum that shall at all times be equal to (i) during such periods as a portion of the Term Loan , if any, that is a Base Rate Loan, the Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount thereof outstanding from time to time from the date thereof until paid, on each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date, at the Derived Base Rate for with respect to such portion of the Term Loan from time to time in effect. 
 
 , (ii) Eurodollar Loans . With respect to any during such periods as a portion of the Term Loan , if any, that is a Eurodollar Loan, the Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of such Eurodollar Loan outstanding from time to time, with the interest rate to be fixed in advance on the first day of the Interest Period applicable thereto through the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (but subject to changes in the Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Loans), at the Derived Eurodollar Rate for the Term Loan. Interest on such Eurodollar Loan shall be payable on each Interest Adjustment Date with respect to an Interest Period (provided that, if an Interest Period shall exceed three months, the interest must also be paid every three months, commencing three months from the beginning of such Interest Period). is a Term SOFR Loan, the applicable Derived Term SOFR Rate with respect to such portion of the Term Loan, and (iii) during such periods as a portion of the Term Loan is a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the Derived Daily Simple SOFR Rate with respect to such portion of the Term Loan. 
 
 (d) Default Rate . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, then, upon the election of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, (i) the principal of each Loan and the unpaid interest thereon shall bear interest, until paid, at the Default Rate, (ii) the fee for the aggregate undrawn amount of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit shall be increased by two percent (2 in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto, and (iii) in the case of any other amount not paid when due from the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document, such amount shall bear interest at the Default Rate provided that, during an Event of Default under Section 7.1 or 7.10 hereof, the applicable Default Rate shall apply without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 
 (e) Limitation on Interest . In no event shall the rate of interest hereunder exceed the maximum rate allowable by law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal 

of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, (i) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (ii) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (iii) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations. 
 
 (f) Accrual and Payment of Interest . The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan outstanding from time to time from the date thereof until paid (i) in respect of each Base Rate Loan and SOFR Loan, on each Interest Payment Date and in the event of any conversion of any SOFR Loan prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such SOFR Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion and (ii) in respect of all Loans, at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise). 
 
 Section 2.5. Evidence of Indebtedness . 
 
 (a) Revolving Loans . Upon the request of a Revolving Lender, to evidence the obligation of the Borrower to repay the portion of the Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender and to pay interest thereon, the Borrower shall execute a Revolving Credit Note, payable to the order of such Revolving Lender in the principal amount equal to its Applicable Commitment Percentage of the Maximum Revolving Amount, or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender provided that the failure of a Revolving Lender to request a Revolving Credit Note shall in no way detract from the Borrower s obligations to such Revolving Lender hereunder. 
 
 (b) Swing Loans . Upon the request of the Swing Line Lender, to evidence the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Swing Loans and to pay interest thereon, the Borrower shall execute a Swing Line Note, payable to the order of the Swing Line Lender in the principal amount of the Swing Line Commitment, or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Swing Loans made by the Swing Line Lender provided that the failure of the Swing Line Lender to request a Swing Line Note shall in no way detract from the Borrower s obligations to the Swing Line Lender hereunder. 
 
 (c) Term Loan . Upon the request of a Term Lender, to evidence the obligation of the Borrower to repay the portion of the Term Loan made by such Term Lender and to pay interest thereon, the Borrower shall execute a Term Note, payable to the order of such Term Lender in the principal amount of its Applicable Commitment Percentage of the Term Loan Commitment provided that the failure of such Term Lender to request a Term Note shall in no way detract from the Borrower s obligations to such Term Lender hereunder. 
 
 Section 2.6. Notice of Loans and Credit Events Funding of Loans . 
 
 (a) Notice of Loans and Credit Events . The Borrower, through an Authorized Officer, shall provide to the Administrative Agent a Notice of Loan prior to (i) 11 00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the proposed date of borrowing of, or conversion of a Loan to, a Base Rate Loan, (ii) 11 00 A.M. (Eastern time) three Business Days prior to the proposed date of borrowing of, continuation of, or conversion of a Loan to, a Eurodollar SOFR Loan, and (iii) 11 00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the proposed date of borrowing of a Swing Loan. An Authorized Officer of the Borrower may verbally request a Loan, so long as a Notice of Loan is received by the end of the same Business Day, and, if the Administrative Agent or any Lender provides funds or initiates funding based upon such verbal request, the Borrower shall bear the risk with respect to any information regarding such funding that is later determined to have been incorrect. The Borrower shall comply with the notice provisions set forth in Section 2.2(b) hereof with respect to Letters of Credit. 

(b) Funding of Loans . The Administrative Agent shall notify the appropriate Lenders of the date, amount and Interest Period (if applicable) promptly upon the receipt of a Notice of Loan (other than for a Swing Loan, or a Revolving Loan to be funded as a Swing Loan), and, in any event, by 2 00 P.M. (Eastern time) on the date such Notice of Loan is received. On the date that the Credit Event set forth in such Notice of Loan is to occur, each such Lender shall provide to the Administrative Agent, not later than 3 00 P.M. (Eastern time), the amount in Dollars, in federal or other immediately available funds, required of it. If the Administrative Agent shall elect to advance the proceeds of such Loan prior to receiving funds from such Lender, the Administrative Agent shall have the right, upon prior notice to the Borrower, to debit any account of the Borrower or otherwise receive such amount from the Borrower, promptly after demand, in the event that such Lender shall fail to reimburse the Administrative Agent in accordance with this subsection (b). The Administrative Agent shall also have the right to receive interest from such Lender at the Federal Funds Effective Rate in the event that such Lender shall fail to provide its portion of the Loan on the date requested and the Administrative Agent shall elect to provide such funds. 
 
 (c) Conversion and Continuation of Loans . 
 
 (i) At the request of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, subject to the notice and other provisions of this Agreement, the appropriate Lenders shall convert a Base Rate Loan or a Daily Simple SOFR Loan to one or more Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans at any time and shall convert a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan to a Base Rate Loan or a Daily Simple SOFR Loan on any Interest Adjustment Date applicable thereto. Swing Loans may be converted by the Swing Line Lender to Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.2(c)(ii) hereof. 
 
 (ii) At the request of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, subject to the notice and other provisions of this Agreement, the appropriate Lenders shall continue one or more Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans as of the end of the applicable Interest Period as a new Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan with a new Interest Period. 
 
 (d) Minimum Amount for Loans . Each request for 
 
 (i) a Base Rate Loan shall be in an amount of not less than One Million Dollars 1,000,000), increased by increments of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000) 
 
 (ii) a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan shall be in an amount of not less than Five Million Dollars 5,000,000), increased by increments of One Million Dollars 1,000,000) and 
 
 (iii) a Swing Loan shall be in an amount of not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000). 
 
 (e) Interest Periods . The Borrower shall not request that Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans be outstanding for more than six different Interest Periods at the same time. 
 
 Section 2.7. Payment on Loans and Other Obligations . 
 
 (a) Payments Generally . Each payment made hereunder by a Credit Party shall be made without any offset, abatement, recoupment, counterclaim, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 
 (b) Payments from Borrower . All payments (including prepayments) to the Administrative Agent of the principal of or interest on each Loan or other payment, including but not limited to principal, interest, fees or any other amount owed by the Borrower under this Agreement, shall be made in Dollars. All payments described in 

this subsection (b) shall be remitted to the Administrative Agent, at the address of the Administrative Agent for notices referred to in Section 10.4 hereof for the account of the appropriate Lenders (or the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender, as appropriate) not later than 11 00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the due date thereof in immediately available funds. Any such payments received by the Administrative Agent (or the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender) after 11 00 A.M. (Eastern time) shall be deemed to have been made and received on the next Business Day. 
 
 (c) Payments to Lenders . Upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of payments hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall immediately distribute to the appropriate Lenders (except with respect to Swing Loans, which shall be paid to the Swing Line Lender and any Lender that has funded a participation in the Swing Loans, or, with respect to Letters of Credit, certain of which payments shall be paid to the Issuing Lender) their respective ratable shares, if any, of the amount of principal, interest, and facility and other fees received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender. Payments received by the Administrative Agent shall be delivered to the Lenders in immediately available funds. Each appropriate Lender shall record any principal, interest or other payment, the principal amounts of Base Rate Loans, Eurodollar Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Loans, Swing Loans and Letters of Credit, all prepayments and the applicable dates, including Interest Periods, with respect to the Loans made, and payments received by such Lender, by such method as such Lender may generally employ provided that failure to make any such entry shall in no way detract from the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement or any Note. The aggregate unpaid amount of Loans, types of Loans, Interest Periods and similar information with respect to the Loans and Letters of Credit set forth on the records of the Administrative Agent shall be rebuttably presumptive evidence with respect to such information, including the amounts of principal, interest and fees owing to each Lender. 
 
 (d) Timing of Payments . Whenever any payment to be made hereunder, including, without limitation, any payment to be made on any Loan, shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next Business Day and such extension of time shall in each case be included in the computation of the interest payable on such Loan provided that, with respect to a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan, if the next Business Day shall fall in the succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be made on the preceding Business Day and the relevant Interest Period shall be adjusted accordingly. 

Section 2.8. Prepayment . 
 
 (a) Right to Prepay . 
 
 (i) The Borrower shall have the right at any time or from time to time to prepay, on a pro rata basis for all of the appropriate Lenders (except with respect to Swing Loans, which shall be paid to the Swing Line Lender and any Lender that has funded a participation in such Swing Loan), all or any part of the principal amount of the Loans then outstanding, as designated by the Borrower, representing the obligations under any Specific Commitment with the proceeds of such prepayment to be distributed on a pro-rata basis to the holders of the Specific Commitment being prepaid. Such payment shall include interest accrued on the amount so prepaid to the date of such prepayment and any amount payable under Article III hereof with respect to the amount being prepaid. Prepayments of Base Rate Loans and Daily Simple SOFR Loans shall be without any premium or penalty. Each prepayment of the Term Loan (if any) shall be applied to the principal installments thereof in the inverse order of their respective maturities. 
 
 (ii) The Borrower shall have the right, at any time or from time to time, to prepay, for the benefit of the Swing Line Lender (and any Revolving Lender that has funded a participation in such Swing Loan), all or any part of the principal amount of the Swing Loans then outstanding, as designated by the Borrower, plus interest accrued on the amount so prepaid to the date of such prepayment. 
 
 (b) Notice of Prepayment . The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable written notice of prepayment of (i) a Base Rate Loan , Daily Simple SOFR Loan or Swing Loan by no later than 11 00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the Business Day on which such prepayment is to be made, and (ii) a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan by no later than 1 00 P.M. (Eastern time) three Business Days before the Business Day on which such prepayment is to be made. 
 
 (c) Minimum Amount for Eurodollar SOFR Loans. Each prepayment of a Eurodollar SOFR Loan shall be in the principal amount of not less than One Million Dollars 1,000,000), or, with respect to a Swing Loan, the principal balance of such Swing Loan, except in the case of a mandatory payment pursuant to Section 2.12 or Article III hereof. 
 
 Section 2.9. Facility and Other Fees . 
 
 (a) Facility Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of the Revolving Lenders, as a consideration for the Revolving Credit Commitment, a facility fee, for each day from the Closing Date through the last day of the Commitment Period, in an amount equal to (i) the Maximum Revolving Amount at the end of such day, multiplied by 
 (ii) the Applicable Facility Fee Rate in effect on such day divided by three hundred sixty (360). The facility fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears, on December 31, 2021 and continuing on each Regularly Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, and on the last day of the Commitment Period. 

(b) Administrative Agent Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for its sole benefit, the fees set forth in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter. 
 
 Section 2.10. Modifications to Commitments . 
 
 (a) Optional Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitment . The Borrower may at any time and from time to time permanently reduce in whole or ratably in part the Maximum Revolving Amount to an amount not less than the then existing Revolving Credit Exposure, by giving the Administrative Agent not fewer than three Business Days notice of such reduction, provided that any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount, for all of the Lenders, of not less than Five Million Dollars 5,000,000), increased in increments of One Million Dollars 1,000,000). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender of the date of each such reduction and such Revolving Lender s proportionate share thereof. After each such partial reduction, the facility fees payable hereunder shall be calculated upon the Maximum Revolving Amount as so reduced. If the Borrower reduces in whole the Revolving Credit Commitment, on the effective date of such reduction (the Borrower having prepaid in full the unpaid principal balance, if any, of the Revolving Loans, together with all interest (if any) and facility and other fees accrued and unpaid with respect thereto, and provided that no Letter of Credit Exposure or Swing Line Exposure shall exist), all of the Revolving Credit Notes shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent marked Canceled and the Administrative Agent shall redeliver such Revolving Credit Notes to the Borrower. Any partial reduction in the Maximum Revolving Amount shall be effective during the remainder of the Commitment Period. Upon each decrease of the Maximum Revolving Amount, the Total Commitment Amount shall be decreased by the same amount. 
 
 (b) Increase in Commitment . 
 
 (i) At any time during the Commitment Increase Period, the Borrower may elect to increase the Total Commitment Amount by (A) increasing the Maximum Revolving Amount, or (B) adding a term loan facility to this Agreement (the Term Loan Facility (which Term Loan Facility shall be subject to subsection (c) below) provided that the aggregate amount of all such increases (revolver and term) made pursuant to this subsection (b) shall not exceed Five Hundred Million Dollars 500,000,000). Each such request for an increase shall be in an amount of at least Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000), increased by increments of One Million Dollars 1,000,000), and may be made by either (1) increasing, for one or more Revolving Lenders, with their prior written consent, their respective Revolving Credit Commitments, (2) adding a new commitment for one or more Lenders, with their prior written consent, with respect to the Term Loan Facility, or (3) including one or more Additional Lenders approved by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), each with a new commitment under the Revolving Credit Commitment or the Term Loan Facility, as a party to this Agreement (each an Additional Commitment and, collectively, the Additional Commitments ). 

(ii) During the Commitment Increase Period, all of the Lenders agree that one or more Additional Commitments shall be permitted upon satisfaction of the following requirements (A) each Additional Lender, if any, shall execute an Additional Lender Assumption Agreement, (B) each Additional Commitment from an Additional Lender, if any, shall be in an amount of at least Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000), (C) the Administrative Agent shall provide to the Borrower and each Lender a revised Schedule 1 to this Agreement, including revised Applicable Commitment Percentages for each of the Lenders, if appropriate, at least three Business Days prior to the date of the effectiveness of such Additional Commitments (each an Additional Lender Assumption Effective Date ), and (D) the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lenders such replacement or additional Notes as shall be required by the Administrative Agent (if Notes have been requested by such Lender or Lenders). The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to execute each Additional Lender Assumption Agreement on behalf of the Lenders. 
 
 (iii) On each Additional Lender Assumption Effective Date with respect to the Specific Commitment being increased, as appropriate, the Lenders shall make adjustments among themselves with respect to the Loans then outstanding and amounts of principal, interest, facility fees and other amounts paid or payable with respect thereto as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in order to reallocate among the applicable Lenders such outstanding amounts, based on the revised Applicable Commitment Percentages and to otherwise carry out fully the intent and terms of this Section 2.10(b) (and the Borrower shall pay to the applicable Lenders any amounts that would be payable pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof if such adjustments among the applicable Lenders would cause a prepayment of one or more Eurodollar Term SOFR Loans). In connection therewith, it is understood and agreed that the Maximum Amount of any Lender will not be increased (or decreased except pursuant to subsection (a) above) without the prior written consent of such Lender. The Borrower shall not elect any increase in the Total Commitment Amount pursuant to this Section 2.10(b) if a Default or an Event of Default shall then exist, or, after giving pro forma effect to any such increase, would exist. At the time of any such increase, at the request of the Administrative Agent, the Credit Parties and the Lenders shall enter into an amendment to evidence such increase and to address related provisions as deemed necessary or appropriate by the Administrative Agent. Upon each increase of the Maximum Revolving Amount or addition of the Term Loan Facility, the Total Commitment Amount shall be increased by the same amount. 
 
 (c) Term Loan Facility . 
 
 (i) The Term Loan Facility (A) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans, (B) shall not mature earlier than the last day of the Commitment Period (but may have amortization prior to such date), (C) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans, and (D) shall not include an interest rate margin that is Fifty (50.00) basis points or more greater than the interest rate margin of the Revolving Credit Facility. 

(ii) The Term Loan Facility may be added hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (the Term Loan Facility Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Lender providing a commitment with respect to the Term Loan Facility, each Additional Lender providing a commitment with respect to the Term Loan Facility, and the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Term Loan Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of Section 2.10(b) and (c) hereof (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions in this Agreement and Section 8.7 hereof for the purpose of treating such Term Loan Facility pari passu with the other Loans). 
 
 Section 2.11. Computation of Interest and Fees . With the exception of Base Rate Loans, interest on Loans, Letter of Credit fees and facility and other fees and charges hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year having three hundred sixty (360) days and calculated for the actual number of days elapsed. With respect to Base Rate Loans, interest shall be computed on the basis of a year having three hundred sixty-five (365) days or three hundred sixty-six (366) days, as the case may be, and calculated for the actual number of days elapsed. 
 
 Section 2.12. Mandatory Payments . 
 
 (a) Revolving Credit Exposure . If, at any time, the Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment, the Borrower shall, as promptly as practicable, but in no event later than the next Business Day, pay an aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans sufficient to bring the Revolving Credit Exposure within the Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 
 (b) Swing Line Exposure . If, at any time, the Swing Line Exposure shall exceed the Swing Line Commitment, the Borrower shall, as promptly as practicable, but in no event later than the next Business Day, pay an aggregate principal amount of the Swing Loans sufficient to bring the Swing Line Exposure within the Swing Line Commitment. 
 
 (c) Mandatory Prepayments . Not applicable unless a Term Loan Facility is added pursuant to Section 2.10(b)(i) hereof. 
 
 (d) Application of Mandatory Prepayments . 
 
 (i) Involving a Company Prior to an Event of Default . So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred, each Mandatory Prepayment required to be made pursuant to subsection (c) hereof shall be applied (A) first, to the Term Loan (if any), until paid in full, and (B) second, to any outstanding Revolving Loans. 
 
 (ii) Involving a Company After an Event of Default . If a Mandatory Prepayment is required to be made pursuant to subsection (c) hereof at the time that an Event of Default shall have occurred, then such Mandatory Prepayment shall be paid by 

the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to be applied to the following, on a pro rata basis among (A) the Maximum Revolving Amount (with payments to be made in the following order Revolving Loans, Swing Loans, and to be held by the Administrative Agent in a special account as security for any Letter of Credit Exposure pursuant to subsection (iii) hereof), and (B) the unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan (if any). 
 
 (iii) Involving Letters of Credit . Any amounts to be distributed for application to a Revolving Lender s liabilities with respect to any Letter of Credit Exposure as a result of a Mandatory Prepayment shall be held by the Administrative Agent in a trust account (the Special Trust Account as collateral security for such liabilities until a drawing on any Letter of Credit, at which time such amounts shall be released by the Administrative Agent and applied to such liabilities. If any such Letter of Credit shall expire without having been drawn upon in full, the amounts held in the Special Trust Account with respect to the undrawn portion of such Letter of Credit shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions of subsections (i) and (ii) above. 
 
 (e) Mandatory Payments Generally . Unless otherwise designated by the Borrower, each Mandatory Prepayment made with respect to a Specific Commitment pursuant to subsection (a) or (c) hereof shall be applied in the following order (i) first, to the outstanding Base Rate Loans, and (ii) second, to the outstanding Eurodollar Daily Simple SOFR Loans, and (iii) third, to the outstanding Term SOFR Loans, provided that, in each case, if the outstanding principal amount of any Eurodollar SOFR Loan shall be reduced to an amount less than the minimum amount set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof as a result of such prepayment, then such Eurodollar SOFR Loan shall be converted into a Base Rate Loan on the date of such prepayment. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be subject to the prepayment provisions set forth in Article III hereof. Each Mandatory Prepayment made with respect to the Term Loan (if any) shall be applied to the payments of principal in the inverse order of their respective maturities. 
 
 Section 2.13. Cash Collateral . At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 10.10(a)(iv) hereof and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. 
 
 (a) Grant of Security Interest . The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of the Letter of Credit Exposure, to be applied pursuant to subsection (b) below. If, at any time, the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide 

to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender). 
 
 (b) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this Section 2.13 or Section 10.10 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of the Letter of Credit Exposure (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 
 (c) Termination of Requirement . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.13 following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender), or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender that there exists excess Cash Collateral provided that (A) subject to Section 10.10 hereof, the Person providing Cash Collateral and the Issuing Lender may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations, and (B) the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to any security interest granted pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 2.14. Addition of a Borrower . At the request of the Borrower (with at least thirty 
 (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and the approval of the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion), a Domestic Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary may become a borrower under this Agreement, provided that (a) such Domestic Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent any and all documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent that effects the joinder of such Domestic Subsidiary as a borrower under this Agreement and any other applicable Loan Document (including an amendment of this Agreement or an amendment and restatement of this Agreement, which amendment or amendment and restatement shall include customary co-borrower waivers), (b) the Borrower and such Domestic Subsidiary shall have provided to the Administrative Agent such corporate governance and authorization documents and an opinion of counsel and any other documents and items as may be deemed necessary or advisable by the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, all documentation and other information with respect to such Domestic Subsidiary reasonably requested by any Lender in order to comply with its obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act) all of the foregoing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (c) all Borrowers borrowers shall be jointly and severally liable for the Obligations. The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into and execute any joinder agreement and any other Loan Documents (including an amendment and restatement of this Agreement) as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.14. 
 
 Section 2.15. Extension of Term Loan Maturity Date or Commitment Period . 

(a) The Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent from time to time, request an extension (each, an Extension of the Term Loan Maturity Date or the Commitment Period to the extended date specified in such notice. Such notice shall (i) set forth the amount that will be subject to the Extension (which shall be in minimum increments of Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000) and a minimum amount of Twenty-Five Million Dollars 25,000,000)), (ii) set forth the date on which such Extension is requested to become effective (which shall be not less than ten (10) Business Days nor more than sixty (60) days after the date of such Extension notice (or such longer or shorter periods as the Administrative Agent shall agree in its sole discretion)) and (iii) identify the Loans to which such Extension relates. Each Term Lender or Revolving Lender, as applicable, shall be offered an opportunity to participate in such Extension on a pro rata basis and on the same terms and conditions as each other applicable extending Lender pursuant to procedures established by, or reasonably acceptable to, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 
 (b) The following shall be conditions precedent to the effectiveness of any Extension 
 (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such Extension, (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in Article VI hereof and in each other Loan Document shall be deemed to be made and shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the effective date of such Extension, 
 (iii) the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender shall have consented to any Extension of the Revolving Credit Commitment, to the extent that such Extension provides for the issuance or extension of Letters of Credit or making of Swing Line Loans at any time during the extended period and (iv) the terms of the Loans subject to such Extension shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 
 (c) The terms of each Extension shall be determined by the Borrower and the applicable extending Lenders and set forth in an Extension Amendment provided that (i) the final maturity date of any extended Loan shall be no earlier than the last day of the Commitment Period or the Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable, (ii)(A) there shall be no scheduled amortization of the loans or reductions of commitments under any extended Revolving Loans and (B) the average life to maturity of the extended portion of the Term Loan shall be no shorter than the remaining average life to maturity of the non-extended portion of the Term Loan, (iii) the extended Loans will rank pari passu in right of payment and with respect to security with the non-extended Loans, as applicable, and (iv) the interest rate margin, rate floors, fees, original issue discount and premium applicable to the extended Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the applicable extending Lenders. 
 
 (d) In connection with any Extension, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each applicable extending Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Extension Amendment and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the Extension. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Extension. Any Extension Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to implement the terms of any such Extension, including any amendments necessary to establish a new class of loans, and such other technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new class or tranche (including to preserve the pro rata treatment of the extended and non-extended Loans and to provide for the reallocation of outstanding Revolving Loans upon the expiration or termination of the commitments under any class or tranche), in each case on terms consistent with this section. 

ARTICLE III. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO EURODOLLAR LOANS ARTICLE III. INCREASED CAPITAL COSTS ILLEGALITY INABILITY TO DETERMINE RATES TAXES 
 
 Section 3.1. Requirements of Law . 
 
 (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Eurodollar Rate) or the Issuing Lender 
 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in subparts (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on any Loan, Letter of Credit, or commitment or other obligation hereunder, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or the Issuing Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein 
 
 and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining Eurodollar Loans or issuing or participating in Letters of Credit, or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder in respect thereof, then, in any such case, the Borrower shall pay to such Lender, promptly after receipt of a written request therefor, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable. If any Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this subsection (a), such Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of the event with reasonable detail by reason of which it has become so entitled. 
 
 (b) If any Lender shall have determined that, after the Closing Date, any Change in Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity, or liquidity requirements, or in the interpretation or application thereof by a Governmental Authority or compliance by such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority, shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such corporation s capital as a 

consequence of its obligations hereunder, or under or in respect of any Letter of Credit, to a level below that which such Lender or such corporation could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration the policies of such Lender or such corporation with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time, upon submission by such Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of a written request therefor (which shall include the method for calculating such amount and reasonable detail with respect to the calculation), the Borrower shall promptly pay or cause to be paid to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such corporation for such reduction. 
 
 (c) For purposes of this Section 3.1 and Section 3.4(a) hereof, the Dodd-Frank Act, any requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) under Basel III, and any rules, regulations, orders, requests, guidelines and directives adopted, promulgated or implemented in connection with any of the foregoing, regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented, are deemed to have been introduced and adopted after the Closing Date. 
 
 (d) A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section 3.1 together with a reasonably detailed calculation and description of such amounts contemplated by this Section 3.1, submitted by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be rebuttably presumptive evidence as to such additional amounts. In determining any such additional amounts, such Lender may use any method of averaging and attribution that it (in its reasonable credit judgment) shall deem applicable. The obligations of the Borrower pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall be entitled to any indemnification or reimbursement pursuant to this Section 3.1 to the extent such Lender has not made demand therefore (as set forth above) within one year after the occurrence of the event giving rise to such entitlement or, if later, such Lender having knowledge of such event. 
 
 Section 3.2. Taxes . 
 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes . 
 
 (i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Credit Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Credit Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
 
 (ii) If any Credit Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code or any other Applicable Law to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including United 

States federal backup withholding, United States withholding taxes and non-United States withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent as required by the Code or such Laws shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by the Code or such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code or such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that, after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.2), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Credit Parties . Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Credit Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 
 (c) Tax Indemnifications . 
 
 (i) Each of the Credit Parties shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.2) payable or paid by such Recipient, or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the Issuing Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the Issuing Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (ii) Each Lender and the Issuing Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, (A) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the Issuing Lender (but only to the extent that any Credit Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and, without limiting the obligation of the Credit Parties to do so), (B) the Administrative Agent against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.9(d) hereof relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (C) the Administrative Agent against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or 

with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and the Issuing Lender hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the Issuing lender, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this subpart (ii). 
 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Credit Party to a Governmental Authority, as provided in this Section 3.2, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (e) Status of Lenders Tax Documentation . 
 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.2(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if, in the Lender s reasonable judgment, such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense, or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable written request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from 
 U.S. federal backup withholding tax 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (y) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty, and (z) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, 
 U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 
 (2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (y) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate ), and (z) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or 
 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K-2 or Exhibit K-3, IRS Form W-9, and other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if, the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit K-4 hereto on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies (or originals, as required) of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this subpart (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 (iii) Each Lender agrees that if, any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.2 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 
 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by Applicable Law, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the Issuing Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the Issuing Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole but reasonable discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Credit Party or with respect to which any Credit Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.2, it shall pay to such Credit Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Credit Party under this Section 3.2 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund) net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that each Credit Party, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Credit Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to such Credit Party pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less 

favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Credit Party or any other Person. 
 
 (g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.2 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the Issuing Lender, the termination of the Commitment and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 
 Section 3.3. Funding Losses Breakage Compensation . The Borrower agrees to indemnify shall compensate each Lender , promptly after receipt of a upon its written request therefor, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any properly documented loss or expense that such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) default by the Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of Eurodollar Loans after the Borrower has given a notice (including a written or verbal notice that is subsequently revoked) requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) default by the Borrower in making any prepayment of or conversion from Eurodollar Loans after the Borrower has given a notice (including a written or verbal notice that is subsequently revoked) thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (c) the making of a prepayment of a Eurodollar (which request shall set forth the detailed basis for requesting and the method of calculating such compensation), for all reasonable losses, costs, expenses and liabilities (including, without limitation, any loss, cost, expense or liability incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds required by such Lender to fund its Term SOFR Loans) which such Lender may sustain in connection with any of the following (a) if for any reason (other than a default by such Lender or the Administrative Agent) a borrowing of Term SOFR Loans does not occur on a date specified therefor in a Notice of Loan or a continuation or conversion (whether or not withdrawn by the Borrower or deemed withdrawn pursuant to Section 3.4 hereof) (b) if any repayment, prepayment, conversion or continuation of any Term SOFR Loan occurs on a day date that is not the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto , (d) the making of a prepayment of a Swing Loan on a day that is not the Swing Loan Maturity Date applicable thereto, (e) any conversion of a Eurodollar Loan to a Base Rate Loan on a day that is not (c) if any prepayment of any of its Term SOFR Loans is not made on any date specified in a notice of prepayment given by the Borrower (d) as a result of an assignment by a Lender of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an the Interest Period applicable thereto , or (f) or any compulsory assignment of such Lender s interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.3(c) or 10.10 hereof. Such indemnification shall be in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amounts so prepaid, or not so borrowed, converted or continued, for the period from the date of such prepayment or of such failure to borrow, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) or the applicable Swing Loan Maturity Date in each case at the applicable rate of interest for such Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the Applicable Margin included therein, if any) over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) that would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the appropriate London interbank market, along with any administration fee charged by such Lender. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 3.3 submitted to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) by any Lender, together with a reasonably detailed calculation and description of such amounts shall be rebuttably presumptive evidence as to such amounts. The obligations of the Borrower pursuant to this Section 3.3 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. pursuant to a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.6 hereof or (e) as a 

consequence of (i) any other default by the Borrower to repay or prepay any Term SOFR Loans when required by the terms of this Agreement or (ii) an election made pursuant to Section 3.6 hereof. The written request of a Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3.3 shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such request within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 
 Section 3.4. Eurodollar SOFR Rate Lending Unlawful Inability to Determine Rate. 
 
 (a) If any Lender shall determine (which determination shall, upon notice thereof to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, be conclusive and binding on the Borrower) that, after the Closing Date, (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any Law makes it unlawful, or (ii) any Governmental Authority asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender to make or continue any Loan as, or to convert (if permitted pursuant to this Agreement) any Loan into, a Eurodollar Loan, the obligations of such Lender to make, continue or convert into any such Eurodollar Loan shall, upon such determination, be suspended until such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist, and all outstanding Eurodollar Loans payable to such Lender shall automatically convert (if conversion is permitted under this Agreement) into a Base Rate Loan, or be repaid (if no conversion is permitted) at the end of the then current Interest Periods with respect thereto or sooner, if required by Law or such assertion. 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent determines that any applicable Law has made it unlawful, or would conflict with any interpretation thereof not having the force of Law but with which the Administrative Agent customarily complies, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or SOFR, then, upon notice thereof to the Borrower, (i) any obligation of Lenders to make or continue affected SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to affected SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (ii) the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of Base Rate, in each case until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Borrower shall, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, prepay or, if applicable, convert all affected SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans (and in such case the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of Base Rate), (1) on the Interest Payment Date therefor, if the Administrative Agent may lawfully continue to maintain such Daily Simple SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Administrative Agent may not lawfully continue to maintain such Daily Simple SOFR Loans or (2) on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if the Administrative Agent may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Administrative Agent may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans and (B) the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until it is no longer illegal for the Administrative Agent to determine or charge interest rates based upon Adjusted Term SOFR. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof. 
 
 (b) If (i) the Administrative Agent or determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof or (ii) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for any such day or Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed 

Eurodollar Loan, or that the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the such Lenders of funding such Loan , and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent, in each case of subparts (i) and (ii), on or prior to such request (in the case of any Daily Simple SOFR Loan) or on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period (in the case of any Term SOFR Loan) , the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, the Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain such Eurodollar Loan continue the applicable SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (1) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of such Eurodollar Loan any applicable SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of a Base Rate Loan or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein . and (2) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans on such day (in the case of Daily Simple SOFR Loans) or at the end of the applicable Interest Period (in the case of Term SOFR Loans). Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof. If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to subpart (c) of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (i) the circumstances set 

forth in Section 3.4(b) have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary, (ii) Thomson Reuters or Bloomberg (or any Person that takes over the administration of such rate) discontinues its administration and publication of interest settlement rates for deposits in Dollars, or (iii) the supervisor for the administrator of the interest settlement rate described in Section 3.4(b) or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which such interest settlement rate shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans (such specific date, the Scheduled Unavailability Date ), then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall seek to jointly agree upon an alternate rate of interest to the Eurodollar Rate that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time, and the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.3, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that such Required Lenders object to such amendment provided, that in the event that such alternate rate of interest is established solely based upon the circumstances described in clause (iii) above, then such alternate rate of interest shall not become effective under such amendment until the Scheduled Unavailability Date. Until an alternate rate of interest shall be determined in accordance with this Section 3.4(c), (x) any request pursuant that requests the conversion to, or continuation of any, Eurodollar Loan shall be ineffective and any such Eurodollar Loan shall be continued as or converted to, as the case may be, a Base Rate Loan, and (y) if any request is made for a Eurodollar Loan, such Loan shall be made as a Base Rate Loan. If the alternate rate of interest determined pursuant to this Section 3.4(c) shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Section 3.5. Change of Lending Office . Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) hereof with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending office (or an Affiliate of such Lender, if practical for such Lender) for any Loans affected by such event with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event provided, that such designation is made on terms that, in the sole judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its lending office(s) to suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage and provided, further, that nothing in this Section 3.5 shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) hereof. 
 
 Section 3.6. Replacement of Lenders . The Borrower shall be permitted to replace any Lender that requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) hereof, or asserts its inability to make a Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan pursuant to Section 3.4 hereof provided that (a) such replacement does not conflict with any Law or any interpretation thereof not having the force of law but with which such Lender customarily complies , (b) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, (c) prior to any such replacement, such Lender shall have taken no action under Section 3.5 hereof so as to eliminate the continued need for payment of amounts owing pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) 

hereof or, if it has taken any action, such request has still been made, (d) the replacement financial institution shall purchase, at par, all Loans and other amounts owing to such replaced Lender on or prior to the date of replacement and assume all commitments and obligations of such replaced Lender (and any such purchase shall be considered a prepayment of such Loans for purposes of Section 3.3 hereof), (e) the Borrower shall be liable to such replaced Lender under Section 3.3 hereof if any Eurodollar Term SOFR Loan owing to such replaced Lender shall be purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto, (f) the replacement Lender, if not already a Lender, shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (g) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.9 hereof (provided that the Borrower (or the succeeding Lender, if such Lender is willing) shall be obligated to pay the assignment fee referred to therein), and (h) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the Borrower shall pay all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2(a) hereof, as the case may be provided that a Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to replace such Lender cease to apply. 
 
 Section 3.7. Discretion of Lenders as to Manner of Funding . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Lender shall be entitled to fund and maintain its funding of all or any part of such Lender s Loans in any manner such Lender deems to be appropriate it being understood, however, that for the purposes of this Agreement all determinations hereunder shall be made as if such Lender had actually funded and maintained each Eurodollar Loan during the applicable Interest Period for such Loan through the purchase of deposits having a maturity corresponding to such Interest Period and bearing an interest rate equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period. . 
 
 Section 3.8. Permanent Inability to Determine Rate Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document . 
 
 (a) Replacing the Eurodollar Rate . On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of the Eurodollar Rate s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight Spot Next, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month Eurodollar Rate tenor settings. On the earliest of (i) July 1, 2023, (ii) the date that all Available Tenors of the Eurodollar Rate have either permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative and (iii) the Early Opt-in Effective Date, if the then-current Benchmark is the Eurodollar Rate, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action by or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 (a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document , upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark 

Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time , written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 3.8 hereof will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. Unless and until a Benchmark Replacement is effective in accordance with this clause (a), all Loans shall be converted into Base Rate Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.4 hereof. 
 
 (b) Replacing Future Benchmarks . If any Benchmark Transition Event occurs after the date hereof (other than as described above with respect to the Eurodollar Rate), the then-current Benchmark will be replaced with the Benchmark Replacement for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting on the later of (i) as of 5 00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower (together, if applicable, with an amendment to this Agreement implementing such Benchmark Replacement and any applicable Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes) or (ii) such other date as may be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time (or, in the case of clause ii) above, such time as may be specified by the Administrative Agent as a deadline to receive objections, but in any case, no less than five (5) Business Days after the date such notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower), written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders provided, however, that in the event that the then-current Benchmark is not a SOFR-based rate, then the Benchmark Replacement shall be determined in accordance with clause (a of the definition of Benchmark Replacement unless the Administrative Agent has determined that neither of such alternative rates is available. At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored , the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark , and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence , the component of Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 
 c b Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation and use, administration , adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement (whether in connection with the replacement of the Eurodollar Rate or any future Benchmark) , the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement 

Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 d c Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark . Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section 3.8 , including , without limitation, any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment , or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the timing of implementation of any Benchmark Replacement or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding on all parties hereto absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document hereto , except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.8 , and shall not be a basis of any claim of liability of any kind or nature by any party hereto, all such claims being hereby waived individually by each party hereto . 
 
 e d Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . At Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the any then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR or the Eurodollar Rate), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for such Benchmark (including any Benchmark Replacement) settings and (ii) if such tenor becomes available or representative, the Administrative Agent may reinstate any Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks , then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor for such Benchmark (including any Benchmark Replacement) settings . 

(e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period , the Borrower may revoke any request for the applicable SOFR Loan of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor , the component of Base Rate based upon Adjusted Term SOFR (or then-current Benchmark) will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 

ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 Section 4.1. Conditions to Each Credit Event . The obligation of the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender to participate in any Credit Event shall be conditioned, in the case of each Credit Event, upon the following 
 
 (a) all conditions precedent as listed in Section 4.2 hereof required to be satisfied prior to the first Credit Event shall have been satisfied or waived prior to or as of the first Credit Event 
 
 (b) the Borrower shall have submitted a Notice of Loan (or with respect to a Letter of Credit, complied with the provisions of Section 2.2(b)(ii) hereof) and otherwise complied with Section 2.6 hereof 
 
 (c) no Default or Event of Default shall then exist or immediately after such Credit Event would exist and 
 
 (d) each of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI hereof shall be true in all material respects as if made on and as of the date of such Credit Event, except to the extent that any thereof expressly relate to an earlier date. 
 
 Each request by the Borrower for a Credit Event shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower, to the best of the Borrower s knowledge, as of the date of such request as to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent specified in subsections (c) and (d) above. 
 
 Section 4.2. Conditions to the First Credit Event . The Borrower shall cause the following conditions to be satisfied on or prior to the Closing Date. The obligation of the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender to participate in the first Credit Event is subject to the Borrower satisfying each of the following conditions prior to or concurrently with such Credit Event 
 
 (a) Notes as Requested . The Borrower shall have executed and delivered to (i) each Revolving Lender requesting a Revolving Credit Note such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Note, and (ii) the Swing Line Lender the Swing Line Note, if requested by the Swing Line Lender. 

(b) Guaranties of Payment . Each Guarantor of Payment shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, a Guaranty of Payment, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 (c) Officer s Certificate, Resolutions, Organizational Documents . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officer s certificate (or comparable domestic or foreign documents) certifying the names of the officers of each Credit Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents, together with the true signatures of such officers and certified copies of (i) the resolutions of the board of directors (or comparable domestic or foreign documents) of such Credit Party evidencing approval of the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the execution and performance of other Related Writings to which such Credit Party is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, and (ii) the Organizational Documents of such Credit Party. 
 
 (d) Lien Searches . With respect to each Credit Party, the Borrower shall have caused to be delivered to the Administrative Agent (i) the results of Uniform Commercial Code lien searches, satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) the results of federal and state tax lien and judicial lien searches, satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (e) Good Standing and Full Force and Effect Certificates . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a good standing certificate or full force and effect certificate (or comparable document, if neither certificate is available in the applicable jurisdiction), as the case may be, for each Credit Party, issued on or about the Closing Date by the Secretary of State in the state or states where such Credit Party is incorporated or formed (or the foreign equivalent). 
 
 (f) Legal Opinion . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent opinions of counsel for each Credit Party, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 (g) Borrower Investment Policy . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower Investment Policy as in effect on the Closing Date. 
 
 (h) Financial Reports . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent unaudited financial consolidated statements for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (i) Solvency Certificate . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a solvency certificate, certified by a Financial Officer and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent, certifying that immediately after giving effect to this credit facility, the Borrower, on a Consolidated basis, shall be solvent. 
 
 (j) Administrative Agent Fee Letter, Closing Fee Letter and Other Fees . The Borrower shall have (i) executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative 

Agent Fee Letter and paid to the Administrative Agent, for its sole account, the fees stated therein to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date, (ii) executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Closing Fee Letter and paid to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, the fees stated therein, and (iii) paid all reasonable and properly documented legal fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation and negotiation of the Loan Documents. 
 
 (k) Long Term Debt Instruments . The Borrower shall have amended, extended or refinanced the indebtedness outstanding under the Borrower s senior notes on or prior to the Closing Date, in a manner, form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, including covenants and baskets that are no more restrictive than what is in this Agreement. 
 
 (l) Existing Credit Agreement . The Borrower shall have terminated the Credit Agreement among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto, and KeyBank National Association, as the administrative agent, dated as of January 31, 2018. The termination of the foregoing shall be deemed to have occurred upon payment in full of all of the Indebtedness outstanding thereunder and termination of the commitments established therein. 
 
 (m) No Material Adverse Change . No material adverse change, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, shall have occurred in the financial condition, operations or prospects of the Companies since June 30, 2021. 
 
 (n) Miscellaneous . The Borrower shall have provided to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders such other items and shall have satisfied such other conditions as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, including necessary documentation to comply with Know Your Customer and Beneficial Ownership rules. 

ARTICLE V. COVENANTS 
 
 Section 5.1. Insurance . Each Company shall (a) maintain insurance to such extent and against such hazards and liabilities as is commonly maintained by Persons similarly situated and 
 (b) within ten days of any Lender s written request (given no more than annually, unless an Event of Default shall exist), furnish to such Lender such information about such Company s insurance as that Lender may from time to time reasonably request, which information shall be prepared in form and detail satisfactory to such Lender and certified by a Financial Officer of such Company. 
 
 Section 5.2. Money Obligations . Each Company shall pay in full (a) prior in each case to the date when penalties would attach, all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges and levies (except only those so long as and to the extent that the same shall be contested in good faith by appropriate and timely proceedings and for which adequate provisions have been established in accordance with GAAP) for which it may be or become liable or to which any or all of its properties may be or become subject (b) all of its material wage obligations to its employees in compliance with the Fair Labor Standards Act (29 U.S.C. 206-207) or any 

comparable provisions and (c) all of its other obligations calling for the payment of money (except only those so long as and to the extent that nonpayment would not cause a Material Adverse Effect) before such payment becomes overdue. 
 
 Section 5.3. Financial Statements and Information . 
 
 (a) Quarterly Financials . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, within fifty (50) days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower, balance sheets of the Companies as of the end of such period and statements of income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flow for the quarter and fiscal year to date periods, all prepared on a Consolidated basis, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower provided that delivery pursuant to subsection (d) below of copies of the Form 10-Q quarterly report of the Companies for such quarterly period filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this subsection (a). 
 
 (b) Annual Audit Report . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, within one hundred (100) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, an annual audit report of the Companies for that year prepared on a Consolidated basis, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and certified by an unqualified opinion of an independent public accountant satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which report shall include balance sheets and statements of income (loss), stockholders equity and cash-flow for that period provided that delivery pursuant to subsection (d) below of copies of the Form 10-K annual report of the Companies for such period filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this subsection (b). 
 
 (c) Compliance Certificate . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above, a Compliance Certificate. 
 
 (d) Public Financial Information . The Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as soon as available, (i) copies of Form 10-Q quarterly reports, Form 10-K annual reports, and Form 8-K current reports, (ii) notice of (and, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, copies of) any other filings made by the Borrower with the SEC, and (iii) notice of (and, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, copies of) any other information that is provided by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, provided that if any such materials are available electronically as a filing with the SEC, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prompt notice of such filing and the giving of such notice shall satisfy the Borrower s obligation to provide the Administrative Agent and the Lenders copies of such publicly filed materials. 
 
 (e) Financial Information of the Companies . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, within ten days of the written request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, such other information about the financial condition, properties and operations of any Company as the Administrative Agent or such Lender may from time to time reasonably request, which information shall be submitted in form and detail 

satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender and certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower or Companies in question 
 
 Section 5.4. Financial Records . The Companies shall at all times maintain true and complete, in all material respects, records and books of account, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, appropriate provisions for possible losses and liabilities, all in accordance with GAAP, and at all reasonable times (during normal business hours and upon notice to such Company) permit the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or any representative thereof, to examine such Company s books and records and to make excerpts therefrom and transcripts thereof. 
 
 Section 5.5. Franchises Change in Business . 
 
 (a) Each Company shall preserve and maintain at all times its existence, and its material rights and franchises necessary for its business, except for (i) a liquidation, dissolution, wind up or other termination of existence in connection with any of the events permitted pursuant to Section 5.12 hereof and (ii) a liquidation, dissolution or wind up of (A) a Dormant Subsidiary, (B) a Subsidiary that is a holding company, provided that, if such Subsidiary is a Credit Party, the assets held by such Subsidiary are transferred to one or more Credit Parties, and 
 (C) any Special Purpose Subsidiary. 
 
 (b) No Company shall engage in any business if, as a result thereof, the general nature of the business of the Companies taken as a whole would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business the Companies are engaged in on the Closing Date, together with businesses reasonably similar or related thereto. 
 
 Section 5.6. ERISA Pension and Benefit Plan Compliance . No Company shall incur any material accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of ERISA, or any material liability to the PBGC, established thereunder in connection with any ERISA Plan. The Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (a) as soon as possible and in any event within thirty (30) days after any Company knows or has reason to know that any material Reportable Event with respect to any ERISA Plan has occurred, a statement of a Financial Officer of such Company, setting forth details as to such Reportable Event and the action that such Company proposes to take with respect thereto, together with a copy of the notice of such Reportable Event given to the PBGC if a copy of such notice is available to such Company, and 
 (b) promptly after receipt thereof, a copy of any material notice such Company, or any member of the Controlled Group may receive from the PBGC or the IRS with respect to any ERISA Plan administered by such Company provided that this latter clause shall not apply to notices of general application promulgated by the PBGC or the IRS or to letters or notices (such as a favorable Determination Letter) with respect to an ERISA Plan, which do not threaten a material liability of the Companies. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any material taxes assessed, proposed to be assessed or that the Borrower has reason to believe may be assessed against a Company by the IRS with respect to any ERISA Plan. As used in this Section 5.6 and in Section 6.10 hereof, material means the measure of a matter of significance that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As soon as practicable, and in any event within twenty (20) days, after any Company shall become aware that a material ERISA Event shall have occurred, such Company shall provide the Administrative Agent with notice of such ERISA Event with a certificate by a Financial Officer of such Company setting forth the details of the event and the action such Company or another Controlled Group member proposes to take with respect thereto. The Borrower shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, true and correct copies of any documents relating to the ERISA Plan of any Company. 

Section 5.7. Financial Covenants . 
 
 (a) Leverage Ratio . The Borrower shall not suffer or permit at any time the Leverage Ratio to exceed 3.75 to 1.00 on the Closing Date and thereafter (or 4.25 to 1.00 during a Leverage Ratio Step-Up Period). 
 
 (b) Interest Coverage Ratio . The Borrower shall not suffer or permit at any time the Interest Coverage Ratio to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. 
 
 Section 5.8. Borrowing . No Company shall create, incur or have outstanding any Indebtedness of any kind provided that this Section 5.8 shall not apply to the following 
 
 (a) the Loans, the Letters of Credit and any other Indebtedness under this Agreement 
 
 (b) the amount of obligations outstanding under asset securitizations that would be characterized as principal if such facility were structured as a secured lending transaction rather than as a purchase, whether such obligations constitute on-balance sheet Indebtedness or an off-balance sheet liability, up to the maximum aggregate amount, for all Companies, of Two Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 250,000,000) at any time outstanding 
 
 (c) secured Indebtedness (including Capitalized Lease Obligations) so long as (i) the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness (exclusive of asset securitizations) outstanding at any time for all Companies does not exceed an amount equal to ten percent (10 of Consolidated Total Assets for the most recently completed fiscal quarter and (ii) at the time of incurrence thereof, no Default or Event of Default shall then exist or, after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, thereafter shall begin to exist 
 
 (d) Indebtedness (i) resulting from a bank or other financial institution honoring a check, draft or similar instrument in the ordinary course of business or (ii) arising under or in connection with cash management services in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (e) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing or arising under any currency swap agreement, interest rate swap, cap, collar or floor agreement or other interest rate management or hedging device, provided that such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for speculative purposes 

(f) intercompany Indebtedness permitted under Section 5.11 hereof and 
 
 (g) other unsecured Indebtedness so long as, at the time of incurrence thereof, no Default or Event of Default shall then exist or, after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, thereafter shall begin to exist. 
 
 Section 5.9. Liens . No Company shall create, assume or suffer to exist (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any Lien upon any of its property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired provided that this Section 5.9 shall not apply to the following 
 
 (a) (i) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies on such Company s property or assets if the same shall not at the time be delinquent or thereafter can be paid without penalty, or are being actively contested in good faith by appropriate and timely proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been established in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business out of pledges or deposits under workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, or social security, retirement benefits or similar legislation 
 
 (b) other statutory Liens, including, without limitation, statutory Liens of landlords, carriers, warehousers, utilities, mechanics, repairmen, workers and materialmen, incidental to the conduct of its business or the ownership of its property and assets that (i) were not incurred in connection with the incurring of Indebtedness or the obtaining of advances or credit, and (ii) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of its property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of its business 
 
 (c) Liens on property or assets of a Subsidiary to secure obligations of such Subsidiary to the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment 
 
 (d) easements or other minor defects or irregularities in title of real property not interfering in any material respect with the use of such property in the business of any Company 
 
 (e) Liens relating to ledger balances, consignments and other similar arrangements 
 
 (f) asset securitizations permitted pursuant to Section 5.8(b) hereof and Liens on the assets that are the subject of such asset securitizations 
 
 (g) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 5.8(c) hereof 
 
 (h) Liens existing on the Closing Date as set forth in Schedule 5.9 hereto and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased, and (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed 
 
 (i) any financing statement filed on a Company to evidence the sale of accounts receivable of such Company pursuant to Section 5.12(i) hereof 
 
 (j) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with 
 (i) workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA, and (ii) public utility services provided to the Borrower or a Subsidiary 
 
 (k) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business 

(l) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.8 hereof 
 
 (m) Liens (i) of a collecting bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection, and (ii) in favor of a banking institution arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits (including the right of setoff) that are customary in the banking industry 
 
 (n) any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under leases or licenses permitted by this Agreement that are entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (o) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business that do not (i) interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) secure any Indebtedness or 
 
 (p) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Section 5.10. Regulations T, U and X . No Company shall take any action that would result in any non-compliance of the Loans or Letters of Credit with Regulations T, U or X, or any other applicable regulation, of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
 Section 5.11. Investments, Loans and Guaranties . No Company shall, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, (a) create, acquire or hold any Subsidiary, (b) make or hold any investment in any stocks, bonds or securities of any kind, 
 (c) be or become a party to any joint venture or other partnership, (d) make or keep outstanding any advance or loan to any Person, or (e) be or become a Guarantor of any kind (other than a Guarantor of Payment under the Loan Documents) provided that this Section 5.11 shall not apply to the following 
 
 (i) any endorsement of a check or other medium of payment for deposit or collection through normal banking channels or similar transaction in the normal course of business 

(ii) any investment in direct obligations of the United States or in certificates of deposit issued by a member bank (having capital resources in excess of One Hundred Million Dollars 100,000,000)) of the Federal Reserve System 
 
 (iii) any investment in commercial paper or securities that at the time of such investment is assigned a AAA rating (or its equivalent) in accordance with the rating systems employed by either Moody s or Standard & Poor s 
 
 (iv) the holding of each of the Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 6.1 hereto, and the creation, acquisition and holding of any new Subsidiary after the Closing Date so long as such new Subsidiary shall have been created, acquired or held in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
 
 (v) loans to a Credit Party from a Company that are not prohibited under Section 5.8 hereof 
 
 (vi) any guaranty by a Company of Indebtedness of another Company so long as such Indebtedness is permitted pursuant to Section 5.8 hereof 
 
 (vii) any loans by a Company to, investments by a Company in, guaranties by a Company of Indebtedness of, and Letters of Credit issued to or for the benefit of, a Credit Party 
 
 (viii) any loans by a Company (that is not a Credit Party) to, investments by a Company (that is not a Credit Party) in, and guaranties by a Company (that is not a Credit Party) of Indebtedness of, another Company 
 
 (ix) the holding of any stock or equity interest that remains following the sale or other disposition of a Company (or a majority interest therein) permitted by Section 5.12 hereof 
 
 (x) any advance or loan to an employee, agent or similar Person of or consultant to a Company as an advance on payroll payments, commissions, travel, relocation expenses and other items in the ordinary course of business, so long as all such advances and loans from all Companies aggregate not more than the maximum principal sum of Five Million Dollars 5,000,000) at any time outstanding 
 
 (xi) the creation of a Subsidiary for the purpose of making an Acquisition permitted by Section 5.13 hereof or the holding of any Subsidiary as a result of an Acquisition made pursuant to Section 5.13 hereof, and investments therein, so long as, in each case, such Acquisition is permitted under Section 5.13 hereof and such Subsidiary becomes a Guarantor of Payment promptly following such Acquisition if required by Section 5.20 hereof 
 
 (xii) any loan by a Company to, or guaranty by a Company of Indebtedness of, or investment of a Company in the stock (or other debt or equity instruments) of, a Person 

(other than a Company), so long as the aggregate amount of all such loans, guaranties and investments of all Companies does not exceed, at any time, an aggregate amount equal to twenty percent (20 of Consolidated Net Worth, based upon the financial statements of the Companies for the most recently completed fiscal quarter provided that, (A) at such time as an investment results in an Acquisition and the acquired Person becomes a Guarantor of Payment, the amount of such investment shall be excluded from the aforesaid calculation, and (B) any such loan, guaranty or investment made at a time when it was permitted under this subpart (xii) shall continue to be permitted regardless of subsequent reductions in Consolidated Net Worth 
 
 (xiii) Permitted Foreign Subsidiary Loans, Guaranties and Investments 
 
 (xiv) the creation, acquisition or holding of any Domestic Subsidiary so long as such Domestic Subsidiary, if required pursuant to Section 5.20 hereof, becomes a Guarantor of Payment in accordance with Section 5.20 hereof, and, subject to the restriction in subsection (xiii) above, the creation, acquisition or holding of any Foreign Subsidiary 
 
 (xv) any investments may be made pursuant to the Borrower Investment 
 Policy 
 
 (xvi) the creation, acquisition, holding and capitalization of Special Purpose Subsidiaries in connection with the establishment and performance of asset securitizations permitted under this Agreement, together with Indebtedness of a Credit Party owing to a Special Purpose Subsidiary in connection therewith 
 
 (xvii) guaranties that constitute Indebtedness permitted under Section 5.8 hereof 
 
 (xviii) (A) overdue accounts receivable from customers converted into promissory notes pursuant to customer workout arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business, and (B) investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with or judgments against, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business or 
 
 (xix) guaranties by a Company of operating leases (other than Capitalized Lease Obligations) or of other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into by a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 5.11, the amount of any investment in equity interests shall be based upon the initial amount invested and shall not include any appreciation in value or return on such investment. 
 
 Section 5.12. Merger and Sale of Assets . No Company shall merge or consolidate with any other Person, or sell, lease or transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets to any Person, except that, if no Default or Event of Default shall then exist or immediately thereafter shall begin to exist 

(a) a Domestic Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with (i) the Borrower (provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person) or (ii) any one or more Guarantors of Payment (provided that a Guarantor of Payment shall be the continuing or surviving Person) 
 
 (b) a Domestic Subsidiary may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets to (i) the Borrower or (ii) any Guarantor of Payment 
 
 (c) a Company (other than a Credit Party) may merge, consolidate or amalgamate (as the case may be) with or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets to any other Company 
 
 (d) a Foreign Subsidiary may merge or amalgamate with a Credit Party provided that a Credit Party, or if applicable, the Borrower, shall be the continuing or surviving Person 
 
 (e) a Foreign Subsidiary may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets to a Credit Party 
 
 (f) any Company may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets to any Person (in addition to any such sale, lease, transfer or disposal to the Borrower or a Guarantor of Payment) so long as the aggregate amount of all such assets sold, leased, transferred or otherwise disposed of by all Companies in any fiscal year of the Borrower does not exceed an amount equal to ten percent (10 of the rolling two-year average (as calculated on a quarterly basis and divided by eight) of Consolidated Total Assets provided that any sale, transfer or disposition of fixed assets shall be excluded from such calculation so long as the proceeds are reinvested in similar fixed assets within one year from such sale, transfer or disposition (for clarification purposes, the exclusion from the calculation shall not occur until the reinvestment date) 
 
 (g) Acquisitions may be effected in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.13 
 hereof 
 
 (h) any Company may enter into (or have existing on the Closing Date) asset securitization financing programs to the extent permitted under Sections 5.8(b) and 5.9(f) hereof and 
 
 (i) if requested by a customer of a Company, such Company shall be permitted to participate in such customer s supply financing program whereby such Company may sell all of its accounts receivable from such customer to a third party financial institution on terms comparable to other vendors participating in such supply financing program, so long as there shall be no credit recourse to such Company with respect to such accounts receivable after such sale. 
 
 Section 5.13. Acquisitions . No Company shall effect an Acquisition provided that a Company may effect an Acquisition so long as 

(i) in the case of an Acquisition that involves a merger, amalgamation or other combination with the Borrower, the Borrower shall be the surviving entity 
 
 (ii) in the case of an Acquisition that involves a merger, amalgamation or other combination with a Credit Party (other than the Borrower), a Credit Party shall be the surviving entity 
 
 (iii) the Companies shall be in full compliance with the Loan Documents both prior to and after giving pro forma effect to such Acquisition and 
 
 (iv) no Default or Event of Default shall exist prior to or, after giving pro forma effect to such Acquisition, thereafter shall begin to exist. 
 
 Section 5.14. Notice . The Borrower shall cause a Financial Officer to promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in writing, whenever 
 
 (a) a Default or Event of Default may occur hereunder or any representation or warranty made in Article VI hereof or elsewhere in this Agreement or in any Related Writing may for any reason cease in any material respect to be true and complete or 
 
 (b) the Borrower learns of a litigation or proceeding against the Borrower before a court, administrative agency or arbitrator that, if successful, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 5.15. Restricted Payments . Reserved. 
 
 Section 5.16. Environmental Compliance . Each Company shall comply in all material respects with any and all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws in jurisdictions in which such Company owns or operates a facility or site, arranges for disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, solid waste or other wastes, accepts for transport any hazardous substances, solid waste or other wastes or holds any interest in real property or otherwise. The Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, promptly after receipt thereof, a copy of any notice such Company may receive from any Governmental Authority or private Person, or otherwise, that any material litigation or proceeding pertaining to any environmental, health or safety matter has been filed or is threatened against such Company, any real property in which such Company holds any interest or any past or present operation of such Company. No Company shall allow the release or disposal of hazardous waste, solid waste or other wastes on, under or to any real property in which any Company holds any ownership interest or performs any of its operations, in violation of any material provision of an Environmental Law. As used in this Section 5.16, litigation or proceeding means any demand, claim, notice, suit, suit in equity action, administrative action, investigation or inquiry whether brought by any Governmental Authority or private Person, or otherwise. The Borrower shall defend, indemnify and hold the Administrative Agent and the Lenders harmless against all properly documented costs, expenses, claims, damages, penalties and liabilities of every kind or nature whatsoever (including attorneys fees) arising out of or resulting from the noncompliance of any Company with any Environmental Law. Such indemnification shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 5.17. Affiliate Transactions . No Company shall, directly or indirectly, enter into or permit to exist any transaction or series of transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate of a Company (other than a Company that is a Credit Party) on terms that shall be less favorable to such Company than those that might be obtained at the time in a transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate of a Company provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the payment of customary and reasonable directors fees to directors who are not 

employees of a Company or an Affiliate of a Company (b) any transaction between a Company (if a Credit Party) and an Affiliate of a Company (if a Credit Party or a Foreign Subsidiary), and any transaction between Companies that are not Credit Parties, in each case which the Borrower reasonably determines in good faith is beneficial to the Companies as a whole and that is not entered into for the purpose of hindering the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders of their rights or remedies under this Agreement (c) any employment agreement, employee benefit plan, stock option plan, officer, director, consultant or employee indemnification agreement (and the payment of indemnities and fees pursuant to such arrangements) or any similar arrangement entered into by a Company in the ordinary course of business (d) loans to employees or officers to the extent permitted under this Agreement (e) loans and investments in Foreign Subsidiaries permitted under Section 5.11 hereof or (f) any transaction in respect of which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent (for delivery to the Lenders) a letter addressed to the Board of Directors of the Borrower from an account, appraisal or investment banking firm, in each case of nationally recognized standing that is (i) in the good faith determination of the Borrower qualified to render such letter, and (ii) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which letter states that such transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, than would be obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate of a Company. 
 
 Section 5.18. Use of Proceeds . The Borrower s use of the proceeds of the Loans and Letters of Credit shall be for working capital and other general corporate purposes (including, without limitation, share repurchases) of the Companies and for the refinancing of existing Indebtedness and for Acquisitions permitted hereunder. The Borrower will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans and Letters of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption law, or (b) (A) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or (B) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions or anti-money laundering laws, rules and regulations by any Person (including any Person participating in the Loans or Letters of Credit, whether as the Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender, Lender, underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise). 
 
 Section 5.19. Corporate Names . The Borrower shall not change its corporate name and no Credit Party shall change its state or jurisdiction of organization, unless, in each case, the 

Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with prompt written notice thereof. 
 
 Section 5.20. Subsidiary Guaranties . Each Subsidiary (that is not a Dormant Subsidiary, a Special Purpose Subsidiary, a CFC or a Subsidiary that is held directly or indirectly by a CFC) created, acquired or held subsequent to the Closing Date, shall, within ten Business Days after such Subsidiary is created or acquired, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, a Guaranty of Payment (or a Guaranty of Payment Joinder) of all of the Obligations, such agreement to be prepared by the Administrative Agent and in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent, along with any such other supporting documentation, corporate governance and authorization documents, and an opinion of counsel as may be deemed necessary or advisable by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders provided that 
 
 (a) a Subsidiary shall not be required to execute such Guaranty of Payment so long as (i) the total assets of such Subsidiary shall be less than Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000), and (ii) the aggregate of the total assets of all such Subsidiaries with total asset values of less than Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000) and which have not executed a Guaranty of Payment does not exceed the aggregate amount of Twenty Million Dollars 20,000,000). In the event that the total assets of any Subsidiary that shall not be a Guarantor of Payment shall be at any time equal to or greater than Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000) (or the foregoing Twenty Million Dollars 20,000,000) shall be exceeded), the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with prompt written notice of such asset value 
 
 (b) with respect to a Subsidiary required to execute a Guaranty of Payment pursuant to this Section 5.20, if (i) the total assets of such Subsidiary shall be less than Fifteen Million Dollars 15,000,000), and (ii) the aggregate of the total assets of all such Subsidiaries shall be less than Thirty Million Dollars 30,000,000), then such Subsidiary may delay the delivery to the Administrative Agent of such Guaranty of Payment and ancillary documentation until the first quarterly financial reporting date of the Borrower with respect to the quarterly period in which such Subsidiary was created, acquired or experienced an increase in amount of assets 
 
 (c) if any Subsidiary that has been classified as a Dormant Subsidiary, a Special Purpose Subsidiary, a CFC or a Subsidiary that is held directly or indirectly by a CFC, ceases to be a Dormant Subsidiary, a Special Purpose Subsidiary, a CFC or a Subsidiary that is held directly or indirectly by a CFC, the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice thereof, and shall provide, with respect to such Subsidiary, all of the documents referenced in this Section 5.20 
 
 (d) with respect to a Foreign Subsidiary that is not a CFC (or owned by a CFC), if the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion, after consultation with the Borrower, determines that the cost of delivery of any such Guaranty of Payment is illegal, impractical or cost-prohibitive, then the Administrative Agent may agree to forego (until such time as the Administrative Agent determines it is no longer illegal, impractical or cost-prohibitive in light of the circumstances to do so) the delivery of such Guaranty of Payment and 

(e) notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.20 to the contrary, (i) any Company that is a Guarantor of the obligations under any Material Indebtedness Agreement of the Borrower, and (ii) subject to Section 5.20(a) and (b) hereof, any Domestic Subsidiary that is the parent of a Foreign Subsidiary, shall also be required to execute a Guaranty of Payment pursuant to this Section 5.20, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 5.21. Guaranties Under Senior Unsecured Indebtedness . No Company shall be or become a primary obligor or Guarantor of any senior unsecured Indebtedness incurred under a Material Indebtedness Agreement unless such Company is also a Guarantor of Payment under this Agreement prior to or substantially concurrently therewith. 
 
 Section 5.22. Sanctions Anti-Corruption Laws . The Borrower will maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents with applicable Sanctions and with the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 
 
 Section 5.23. Further Assurances . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or the Required Lenders through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution or acknowledgment thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or the Required Lenders through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 5.24. Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information . Provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (i) promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, confirmation of the accuracy of the information set forth in the most recent Certificate of Beneficial Ownership provided to the Administrative Agent and Lenders (ii) a new Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, when the individual(s) to be identified as a Beneficial Owner have changed and (iii) such other information and documentation as may reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender from time to time for purposes of compliance by the Administrative Agent or such Lender with applicable laws (including without limitation the Patriot Act and other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by the Administrative Agent or such Lender to comply therewith. 

ARTICLE VI. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 Section 6.1. Corporate Existence Subsidiaries Foreign Qualification . 
 
 (a) Each Company is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing (or comparable concept in the applicable jurisdiction) under the Laws of its state or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, and is duly qualified and authorized to do business and is in good 

standing (or comparable concept in the applicable jurisdiction) as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction where the character of its property or its business activities makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to so qualify could not reasonably be expected to cause or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) As of the Closing Date, Schedule 6.1 hereto sets forth (i) each Company, (ii) each Company s state or jurisdiction of organization, and (iii) each Person that owns the stock or other equity interest of each Company (other than the Borrower). 
 
 Section 6.2. Corporate Authority . Each Credit Party has the right and power and is duly authorized and empowered to enter into, execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform and observe the provisions of the Loan Documents. The Loan Documents to which each Credit Party is a party have been duly authorized and approved by such Credit Party s board of directors or other governing body, as applicable, and are the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Credit Party, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law). The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents do not conflict with, result in a breach in any of the provisions of, constitute a default under, or result in the creation of a Lien (other than Liens permitted under Section 5.9 hereof) upon any assets or property of any Company under the provisions of, such Company s Organizational Documents or any material agreement to which such Company is a party. 
 
 Section 6.3. Compliance with Laws and Contracts Sanctions Anti-Corruption . 
 
 (a) Each Company holds all material permits, certificates, licenses, orders, registrations, franchises, authorizations, and other approvals from any Governmental Authority necessary for the conduct of its business and is in compliance in all material respects with all Applicable Law relating thereto 
 
 (b) Each Company is in compliance in all material respects with all federal, state, local, or foreign applicable statutes, rules, regulations, and orders including, without limitation, those relating to environmental protection, occupational safety and health, and equal employment practices, except where the failure to be in compliance could not reasonably be expected to have or results in a Material Adverse Effect 
 
 (c) Each Company is not in material violation of or in default under any agreement to which it is a party or by which its assets are subject or bound, except with respect to any violation or default that could not reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 
 (d) None of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee, agent, or affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an individual or entity person that is, or is owned or controlled by persons that are (i) the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of 

the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her His Majesty s Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions ), or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 
 (e) The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, their respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the agents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, are in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption law, in all material respects. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve continued compliance with applicable Sanctions, the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 
 
 (f) Each Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with the Patriot Act. 
 
 Section 6.4. Litigation and Administrative Proceedings . Except as disclosed on Schedule 6.4 hereto, there are (a) no lawsuits, actions, investigations, examinations or other proceedings pending or threatened against any Company, or in respect of which any Company may have any liability, in any court or before or by any Governmental Authority, arbitration board, or other tribunal that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) no orders, writs, injunctions, judgments, or decrees of any court or Governmental Authority to which any Company is a party or by which the property or assets of any Company are bound that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) no grievances, disputes, or controversies outstanding with any union or other organization of the employees of any Company, or threats of work stoppage, strike, or pending demands for collective bargaining that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 6.5. Title to Assets . Each Credit Party has good title to and ownership of all property it purports to own, which property is free and clear of all Liens, except those permitted under Section 5.9 hereof. 
 
 Section 6.6. Liens and Security Interests . On and after the Closing Date, except for Liens permitted pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof, (a) there is and will be no financing statement or similar notice of Lien outstanding covering any personal property of any Company (b) there is and will be no mortgage or charge outstanding covering any real property of any Company and 
 (c) no real or personal property of any Company is subject to any Lien of any kind. 
 
 Section 6.7. Tax Returns . All federal, state, provincial and local tax returns and other reports required by law to be filed in respect of the income, business, properties and employees of each Company have been filed and all taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges that are due and payable have been paid, except as otherwise permitted herein or where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to cause or result in a Material Adverse Effect. The provision for taxes on the books of each Company is adequate, in all material respects, for all years not closed by applicable statutes and for the current fiscal year. 

Section 6.8. Environmental Laws . Each Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with all Environmental Laws, including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws in all jurisdictions in which any Company owns or operates, or has owned or operated, a facility or site, arranges or has arranged for disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, solid waste or other wastes, accepts or has accepted for transport any hazardous substances, solid waste or other wastes or holds or has held any interest in real property or otherwise. No litigation or proceeding arising under, relating to or in connection with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit is pending or, to the best knowledge of each Company, threatened, against any Company, any real property in which any Company holds or has held an interest or any past or present operation of any Company that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No release, threatened release or disposal of hazardous waste, solid waste or other wastes is occurring, or has occurred (other than those that are currently being remediated in accordance with Environmental Laws), on, under or to any real property in which any Company holds any interest or performs any of its operations, in violation of any Environmental Law that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As used in this Section 6.8, litigation or proceeding means any demand, claim, notice, suit, suit in equity, action, administrative action, investigation or inquiry whether brought by any Governmental Authority or private Person, or otherwise. 
 
 Section 6.9. Continued Business . There exists no actual, pending, or, to the Borrower s knowledge, any threatened termination, cancellation or limitation of, or any modification or change in the business relationship of any Company and any customer or supplier, or any group of customers or suppliers, which could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there exists no present condition or state of facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or prevent a Company from conducting such business or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in substantially the same manner in which it was previously conducted. 
 
 Section 6.10. Employee Benefits Plans . Schedule 6.10 hereto identifies each ERISA Plan as of the Closing Date. No ERISA Event has occurred or is expected to occur with respect to an ERISA Plan. Full payment has been made of all amounts that a Controlled Group member is required, under Applicable Law or under the governing documents, to have paid as a contribution to or a benefit under each ERISA Plan. The liability of each Controlled Group member with respect to each ERISA Plan has been fully funded based upon reasonable and proper actuarial assumptions, has been fully insured, or has been fully reserved for on its financial statements. No changes have occurred or are expected to occur that would cause a material increase in the cost of providing benefits under the ERISA Plan. With respect to each ERISA Plan that is intended to be qualified under Code Section 401(a), (a) the ERISA Plan and any associated trust operationally comply with the applicable requirements of Code Section 401(a) (b) the ERISA Plan and any associated trust have been amended to comply in all material respects with all such requirements as currently in effect, other than those requirements for which a retroactive amendment can be made within the remedial amendment period available under Code Section 401(b) (as extended under Treasury Regulations and other Treasury pronouncements upon which taxpayers may rely) (c) the ERISA Plan and any associated trust have received a favorable determination letter from the IRS stating that the ERISA Plan qualifies 

under Code Section 401(a), that the associated trust qualifies under Code Section 501(a) and, if applicable, that any cash or deferred arrangement under the ERISA Plan qualifies under Code Section 401(k), unless the ERISA Plan was first adopted at a time for which the above-described remedial amendment period has not yet expired (d) the ERISA Plan currently satisfies the requirements of Code Section 410(b), without regard to any retroactive amendment that may be made within the above-described remedial amendment period and (e) no contribution made to the ERISA Plan is subject to an excise tax under Code Section 4972. With respect to any Pension Plan (other than with respect to the Detroit Ball Bearing Company Union Employees Retirement Plan), the accumulated benefit obligation of Controlled Group members with respect to the Pension Plan (as determined in accordance with Statement of Accounting Standards No. 87, Employers Accounting for Pensions does not exceed the fair market value of Pension Plan assets. 
 
 Section 6.11. Consents or Approvals . No consent, approval or authorization of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required to be obtained or completed by any Company in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of any of the Loan Documents, that has not already been obtained or completed. 
 
 Section 6.12. Solvency . The Borrower has received consideration that is the reasonably equivalent value of the obligations and liabilities that the Borrower has incurred to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. The Borrower is not insolvent as defined in any applicable state, federal or relevant foreign statute, nor will the Borrower be rendered insolvent by the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. The Borrower is not engaged or about to engage in any business or transaction for which the assets retained by it are or will be an unreasonably small amount of capital, taking into consideration the obligations to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders incurred hereunder. The Borrower does not intend to, nor does it believe that it will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. 
 
 Section 6.13. Financial Statements . The audited Consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and the unaudited Consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021 furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, are true and complete, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Companies as of the dates of such financial statements and the results of their operations for the periods then ending. 
 
 Section 6.14. Regulations Investment Company Act . 
 
 (a) No Company is engaged principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States). Neither the granting of any Loan (or any conversion thereof) or Letter of Credit nor the use of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit will violate, or be inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U or X or any other Regulation of such Board of Governors. 

(b) No Company is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 
 Section 6.15. Material Agreements . Except as disclosed on Schedule 6.15 hereto, as of the Closing Date, no Company is a party to any (a) debt instrument (excluding the Loan Documents) (b) lease (capital, operating or otherwise), whether as lessee or lessor thereunder or 
 (c) collective bargaining agreement that, as to subsections (a) through (c) above, if violated, breached, or terminated for any reason, would have or would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 6.16. Intellectual Property . Each Company owns, possesses, or has the right to use, all of the patents, patent applications, industrial designs, designs, trademarks, service marks, copyrights and licenses, and rights with respect to the foregoing, necessary for the conduct of its business without any known material conflict with the rights of others. 
 
 Section 6.17. Insurance . The Companies maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers insurance with coverage and limits as required by law and as is customary with Persons engaged in the same businesses as the Companies. 
 
 Section 6.18. Accurate and Complete Statements . Neither the Loan Documents nor any written statement made by any Company in connection with any of the Loan Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein or in the Loan Documents not misleading. After due inquiry by the Borrower, there is no known fact that any Company has not disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 6.19. Defaults . No Default or Event of Default exists, nor will any begin to exist immediately after the execution and delivery hereof. 
 
 Section 6.20. Beneficial Ownership Certification . The Certificate of Beneficial Ownership executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent and Lenders for each Borrower on or prior to the Closing Date, as updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, is accurate, complete and correct as of the date hereof and as of the date any such update is delivered. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Certificate of Beneficial Ownership is one of the Related Writings. 

ARTICLE VII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 Any of the following specified events shall constitute an Event of Default (each an Event of Default 
 
 Section 7.1. Payments . If (a) the interest on any Loan, any facility or other fee, or any other Obligation not listed in subpart (b) hereof, shall not be paid in full when due and payable or within three Business Days thereafter, or (b) the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement 

obligation under any Letter of Credit that has been drawn shall not be paid in full when due and payable. 
 
 Section 7.2. Special Covenants . If any Company shall fail or omit to perform and observe Section 5.7, 5.8, 5.9, 5.11, 5.12, 5.13 or 5.15 hereof. 
 
 Section 7.3. Other Covenants . If any Company shall fail or omit to perform and observe any agreement or other provision (other than those referred to in Section 7.1 or 7.2 hereof) contained or referred to in this Agreement or any other Related Writing that is on such Company s part to be complied with, and that Default shall not have been fully corrected within thirty (30) days after the giving of written notice thereof to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender that the specified Default is to be remedied. 
 
 Section 7.4. Representations and Warranties . If any representation, warranty or statement made in or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Related Writing or any other material information furnished by any Company to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any thereof, shall be false or erroneous in any material respect. 
 
 Section 7.5. Cross Default . If any Company shall default in the payment of principal or interest due and owing under any Material Indebtedness Agreement or upon any other obligation for payment of Indebtedness in excess of the aggregate, for all such obligations of all such Companies, of Fifty Million Dollars 50,000,000), beyond any period of grace provided with respect thereto or in the performance or observance of any other agreement, term or condition contained in any Material Indebtedness Agreement, if the effect of such default is to allow the acceleration of the maturity of such Indebtedness or to permit the holder thereof to cause such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity. 
 
 Section 7.6. ERISA Default . The occurrence of one or more ERISA Events that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 7.7. Change in Control . If any Change in Control shall occur. 
 
 Section 7.8. Money Judgment . A final judgment or order for the payment of money shall be rendered against any Company by a court of competent jurisdiction, that remains unpaid or unstayed and undischarged for a period (during which execution shall not be effectively stayed) of thirty (30) days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired, provided that such occurrence shall constitute an Event of Default only if the aggregate of all such judgments, for all such Companies, shall exceed Fifty Million Dollars 50,000,000) (less any amount that will be covered by the proceeds of insurance and is not subject to dispute by the insurance provider). 
 
 Section 7.9. Validity of Loan Documents . If (a) any material provision, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason cease to be valid, binding and enforceable against any Credit Party (b) the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any Loan Document against any Credit Party shall be contested by any Credit Party (c) any Credit Party shall deny that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document or (d) any Loan Document shall be terminated, invalidated or set aside, or 

be declared ineffective or inoperative or in any way cease to give or provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders any material benefits purported to be created thereby. 
 
 Section 7.10. Solvency . If the Borrower or any other Company with aggregate assets of greater than Fifty Million Dollars 50,000,000) (but excluding in all events each Special Purpose Subsidiary or Dormant Subsidiary) shall (a) except as permitted pursuant to Section 5.5 or 5.12 hereof, discontinue business (b) generally not pay its debts as such debts become due (c) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors (d) apply for or consent to the appointment of an interim receiver, a receiver, a receiver and manager, an administrator, a sequestrator, a monitor, a custodian, a trustee, an interim trustee, a liquidator, an agent or any other similar official of all or a substantial part of its assets or of such Company (e) be adjudicated a debtor or insolvent or have entered against it an order for relief under the Bankruptcy Code, or under any other bankruptcy insolvency, liquidation, winding-up, corporate or similar statute or Law, foreign, federal, state or provincial, in any applicable jurisdiction, now or hereafter existing, as any of the foregoing may be amended from time to time, or other applicable statute for jurisdictions outside of the United States, as the case may be (f) file a voluntary petition under the Bankruptcy Code or seek relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous Law in any jurisdiction outside of the United States, or file a proposal or notice of intention to file such petition (g) have an involuntary proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code filed against it and the same shall continue undismissed for a period of sixty (60) days from commencement of such proceeding or case (h) file a petition, an answer, an application or a proposal seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors or seeking to take advantage of any other Law (whether federal, provincial or state, or, if applicable, other jurisdiction) relating to relief of debtors, or admit (by answer, by default or otherwise) the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other proceeding (whether federal, provincial or state, or, if applicable, other jurisdiction) relating to relief of debtors (i) suffer or permit to continue unstayed and in effect for thirty (30) consecutive days any judgment, decree or order entered by a court of competent jurisdiction, that approves a petition or an application or a proposal seeking its reorganization or appoints an interim receiver, a receiver and manager, an administrator, custodian, trustee, interim trustee or liquidator of all or a substantial part of its assets, or of such Company or (j) take, or omit to take, any action in order thereby to effect any of the foregoing. 

ARTICLE VIII. REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT 
 
 Notwithstanding any contrary provision or inference herein or elsewhere 
 
 Section 8.1. Optional Defaults . If any Event of Default referred to in Section 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6, 7.7, 7.8 or 7.9 hereof shall occur, the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, and shall, at the written request of the Required Lenders, give written notice to the Borrower to 
 
 (a) terminate the Commitment, if not previously terminated, and, immediately upon such election, the obligations of the Lenders, and each thereof, to make any further Loans, and 

the obligation of the Issuing Lender to issue any Letter of Credit, immediately shall be terminated and or 
 
 (b) accelerate the maturity of all of the Obligations (if the Obligations are not already due and payable), whereupon all of the Obligations shall become and thereafter be immediately due and payable in full without any presentment or demand and without any further or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
 
 Section 8.2. Automatic Defaults . If any Event of Default referred to in Section 7.10 hereof shall occur 
 
 (a) all of the Commitment shall automatically and immediately terminate, if not previously terminated, and no Lender thereafter shall be under any obligation to grant any further Loan, nor shall the Issuing Lender be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit and 
 
 (b) the principal of and interest then outstanding on all of the Loans, and all of the other Obligations, shall thereupon become and thereafter be immediately due and payable in full (if the Obligations are not already due and payable), all without any presentment, demand or notice of any kind, which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
 
 Section 8.3. Letters of Credit . If the maturity of the Obligations shall be accelerated pursuant to Section 8.1 or 8.2 hereof, the Borrower shall immediately deposit with the Administrative Agent, as security for the obligations of the Borrower and any other Credit Party to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lenders for any then outstanding Letters of Credit, cash equal to one hundred five percent (105 of the sum of the aggregate undrawn balance of any then outstanding Letters of Credit. The Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lenders are hereby authorized, at their option, to deduct any and all such amounts from any deposit balances then owing by any Revolving Lender (or any Affiliate of such Revolving Lender, wherever located) to or for the credit or account of any Company, as security for the obligations of the Borrower and any other Credit Party to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lenders for any then outstanding Letters of Credit. 
 
 Section 8.4. Offsets . If there shall occur or exist any Event of Default referred to in Section 7.10 hereof or if the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated pursuant to Section 8.1 or 
 8.2 hereof, each Lender shall have the right at any time to set off against, and to appropriate and apply toward the payment of, any and all of the Obligations then owing by the Borrower to such Lender (including, without limitation, any participation purchased or to be purchased pursuant to Section 2.2(b), 2.2(c) or 8.5 hereof), whether or not the same shall then have matured, any and all deposit (general or special) balances and all other indebtedness then held or owing by such Lender (including, without limitation, by branches and agencies or any Affiliate of such Lender, wherever located) to or for the credit or account of the Borrower, all without notice to or demand upon the Borrower or any other Person, all such notices and demands being hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such set off and application (provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set off and application). In the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid 

over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.10 hereof and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the Issuing Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section 8.4 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. 
 
 Section 8.5. Equalization Provisions . 
 
 (a) Equalization Within Commitments Prior to an Equalization Event . Each Revolving Lender agrees with the other Revolving Lenders that, if it at any time shall obtain any Advantage over the other Revolving Lenders, or any thereof, in respect of the Applicable Debt (except as to Swing Loans and Letters of Credit prior to the Administrative Agent s giving of notice to participate and amounts under Article III hereof), such Revolving Lender, upon written request of the Administrative Agent, shall purchase from the other Revolving Lenders, for cash and at par, such additional participation in the Applicable Debt as shall be necessary to nullify the Advantage. Each Term Lender agrees with the other Term Lenders that, if it at any time shall obtain any Advantage over the other Term Lenders, or any thereof, in respect of the Applicable Debt (except as to amounts under Article III hereof), such Term Lender shall purchase from the other Term Lenders, for cash and at par, such additional participation in the Applicable Debt as shall be necessary to nullify the Advantage. 
 
 (b) Equalization Between Commitments After an Equalization Event . After the occurrence of an Equalization Event, each Lender agrees with the other Lenders that, if such Lender at any time shall obtain any Advantage over the other Lenders or any thereof determined in respect of the Obligations (including Swing Loans and Letters of Credit but excluding amounts under Article III hereof) then outstanding, such Lender shall purchase from the other Lenders, for cash and at par, such additional participation in the Obligations as shall be necessary to nullify the Advantage in respect of the Obligations. For purposes of determining whether or not, after the occurrence of an Equalization Event, an Advantage in respect of the Obligations shall exist, the Administrative Agent shall, as of the date that the Equalization Event occurs 
 
 (i) add the Revolving Credit Exposure and the Term Loan Exposure to determine the equalization maximum amount (the Equalization Maximum Amount and 
 
 (ii) determine an equalization percentage (the Equalization Percentage for each Lender by dividing the aggregate amount of its Lender Credit Exposure by the Equalization Maximum Amount. 
 
 After the date of an Equalization Event, the Administrative Agent shall determine whether an Advantage exists among the Lenders by using the Equalization Percentage. Such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(c) Recovery of Amount . If any such Advantage resulting in the purchase of an additional participation as set forth in subsection (a) or (b) above shall be recovered in whole or in part from the Lender receiving the Advantage, each such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price restored (but without interest unless the Lender receiving the Advantage is required to pay interest on the Advantage to the Person recovering the Advantage from such Lender) ratably to the extent of the recovery. 
 
 (d) Application and Sharing of Set-Off Amounts . Each Lender further agrees with the other Lenders that, if it at any time shall receive any payment for or on behalf of the Borrower (or through any Guarantor of Payment) on any Indebtedness owing by the Borrower to that Lender pursuant to this Agreement (whether by voluntary payment, by realization upon security, by reason of offset of any deposit or other Indebtedness, by counterclaim or cross-action, by the enforcement of any right under any Loan Document, or otherwise), it shall apply such payment first to any and all Obligations owing by the Borrower to that Lender pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any participation purchased or to be purchased pursuant to this Section 8.5 or any other section of this Agreement). Each Credit Party agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from the other Lenders, or any thereof, pursuant to this Section 8.5 may exercise all of its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Credit Party in the amount of such participation. 
 
 Section 8.6. Other Remedies . The remedies in this Article VIII are in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other right, power, privilege, or remedy, either in law, in equity, or otherwise, to which the Lenders may be entitled. The Administrative Agent shall exercise the rights under this Article VIII and all other collection efforts on behalf of the Lenders and no Lender shall act independently with respect thereto, except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 Section 8.7. Application of Proceeds . 
 
 (a) Payments Prior to Exercise of Remedies . Prior to the exercise by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, of remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all monies received by the Administrative Agent shall be applied, unless otherwise required by the terms of the other Loan Documents or by Applicable Law, as follows provided that the Administrative Agent shall have the right at all times to apply any payment received from the Borrower first to the payment of all obligations (to the extent not paid by the Borrower) incurred by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Sections 10.5 and 10.6 hereof. 
 
 (i) with respect to payments received in connection with the Revolving Credit Commitment, to the Revolving Lenders and 
 
 (ii) with respect to payments received in connection with the Term Loan Commitment, to the Term Lenders. 

(b) Payments Subsequent to Exercise of Remedies . After the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders of remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all monies received by the Administrative Agent shall be applied, unless otherwise required by the terms of the other Loan Documents or by Applicable Law, as follows 
 
 (i) first, to the payment of all Obligations (to the extent not paid by the Borrower) incurred by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Sections 10.5 and 10.6 hereof 
 
 (ii) second, to the payment pro rata of (A) interest then accrued and payable on the outstanding Loans, (B) any fees then accrued and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (C) any fees then accrued and payable to the Issuing Lender or the holders of the Letter of Credit Commitment in respect of the Letter of Credit Exposure 
 
 (iii) third, for payment of principal outstanding on the Loans and the Letter of Credit Exposure, on a pro rata basis to the Lenders, based upon each such Lender s Overall Commitment Percentage, provided that the amounts payable in respect of the Letter of Credit Exposure shall be held and applied by the Administrative Agent as security for the reimbursement obligations in respect thereof, and, if any Letter of Credit shall expire without being drawn, then the amount with respect to such Letter of Credit shall be distributed to the Lenders, on a pro rata basis in accordance with this subpart (iii) and 
 
 (iv) finally, any remaining surplus after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Borrower or to whomsoever shall be lawfully entitled thereto. 

ARTICLE IX. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 The Lenders authorize KeyBank and KeyBank hereby agrees to act as agent for the Lenders in respect of this Agreement upon the terms and conditions set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, and upon the following terms and conditions 
 
 Section 9.1. Appointment and Authorization . Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers hereunder as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Affiliates, directors, officers, attorneys or employees shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them hereunder or in connection herewith, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), or be responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for the effectiveness, enforceability, genuineness, validity or due execution of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, (b) be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions hereof or thereof on the part of the Borrower or any other Company, or the financial condition of the Borrower or any 

other Company, or (c) be liable to any of the Companies for consequential damages resulting from any breach of contract, tort or other wrong in connection with the negotiation, documentation, administration or collection of the Loans or Letters of Credit or any of the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent herein and in other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 
 
 Section 9.2. Note Holders . The Administrative Agent may treat the payee of any Note as the holder thereof (or, if there is no Note, the holder of the interest as reflected on the books and records of the Administrative Agent) until written notice of transfer shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent, signed by such payee and in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (such transfer to have been made in accordance with Section 10.9 hereof). 
 
 Section 9.3. Consultation With Counsel . The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel selected by the Administrative Agent and shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered in good faith by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the opinion of such counsel. 
 
 Section 9.4. Documents . The Administrative Agent shall not be under any duty to examine into or pass upon the validity, effectiveness, genuineness or value of any Loan Document or any other Related Writing furnished pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or the value of any collateral obtained hereunder, and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to assume that the same are valid, effective and genuine and what they purport to be. 
 
 Section 9.5. Administrative Agent and Affiliates . KeyBank and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire equity interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business with the Companies and its Affiliates as though KeyBank were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without notice to or consent of any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that, pursuant to such activities, KeyBank or any of its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Company or any Affiliate (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Company or such Company s Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to other Lenders. With respect to Loans and Letters of Credit (if any), KeyBank and its Affiliates shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though KeyBank were not the Administrative Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders include KeyBank and its Affiliates, to the extent applicable, in their individual capacities 

Section 9.6. Knowledge or Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders) provided that, unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable, in its discretion, for the protection of the interests of the Lenders. 
 
 Section 9.7. Action by Administrative Agent . Subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, so long as the Administrative Agent shall be entitled, pursuant to Section 9.6 hereof, to assume that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to use its discretion with respect to exercising or refraining from exercising any rights that may be vested in it by, or with respect to taking or refraining from taking any action or actions that it may be able to take under or in respect of, this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement by acting upon any notice, certificate, warranty or other paper or instrument believed by it to be genuine or authentic or to be signed by the proper party or parties, or with respect to anything that it may do or refrain from doing in the reasonable exercise of its judgment, or that may seem to it to be necessary or desirable in the premises. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent s acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders. 
 
 Section 9.8. Release of Guarantor of Payment . In the event of a transfer of assets permitted by Section 5.12 hereof (or otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement) where the proceeds of such transfer are applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the extent required to be so applied, or in the event of a merger, consolidation, dissolution or similar event, permitted pursuant to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent, at the request and expense of the Borrower, is hereby authorized by the Lenders to release a Guarantor of Payment in connection with such permitted transfer or event if, as a result of such transfer or event, such Guarantor of Payment would not be required to be a Guarantor of Payment pursuant to Section 
 5.20 hereof. 
 
 Section 9.9. Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

Section 9.10. Indemnification of Administrative Agent . The Lenders agree to indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower) ratably, according to their respective Overall Commitment Percentages, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in its capacity as agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, or from any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent in any capacity other than as agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. No action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 9.10. The undertaking in this Section 9.10 shall survive repayment of the Loans, cancellation of the Notes, if any, expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit, termination of the Commitment, any foreclosure under, or modification, release or discharge of, any or all of the Loan Documents, termination of this Agreement and the resignation or replacement of the administrative agent. 
 
 Section 9.11. Successor Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent may resign as agent hereunder by giving not fewer than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. If the Administrative Agent shall resign under this Agreement, then either (a) the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders (with the consent of the Borrower so long as an Event of Default does not exist and which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), or (b) if a successor agent shall not be so appointed and approved within the thirty (30) day period following the Administrative Agent s notice to the Lenders of its resignation, then the Administrative Agent shall appoint a successor agent that shall serve as agent until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent. Upon its appointment, such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties as agent, and the term Administrative Agent means such successor effective upon its appointment, and the former agent s rights, powers and duties as agent shall be terminated without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation as the Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article IX shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 9.12. Issuing Lender . The Issuing Lender shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender and the documents associated therewith. The Issuing Lender shall have all of the benefits and immunities (a) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Issuing Lender in connection with the Letters of Credit and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent , as used in this Article IX, included the Issuing Lender with respect to such acts or omissions, and (b) as additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to the Issuing Lender. 
 
 Section 9.13. Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall act on behalf of the Revolving Lenders with respect to any Swing Loans. The Swing Line Lender shall have all of the benefits and immunities (a) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the Swing Loans as fully as if the term Administrative Agent , as used in this Article IX, 

included the Swing Line Lender with respect to such acts or omissions, and (b) as additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to the Swing Line Lender. 
 
 Section 9.14. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Credit Party, (a) the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise, to (i) file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent) allowed in such judicial proceedings, and (ii) collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same and (b) any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 
 Section 9.15. No Reliance on Administrative Agent s Customer Identification Program . Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on the Administrative Agent to carry out such Lender s or its Affiliate s, participant s or assignee s customer identification program, or other obligations required or imposed under or pursuant to the Patriot Act or the regulations thereunder, including the regulations contained in 31 CFR 103.121 (as hereafter amended or replaced, the CIP Regulations ), or any other anti-terrorism Law, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with the Borrower, its Affiliates or agents, the Loan Documents or the transactions hereunder (a) any identity verification procedures, (b) any record 

keeping, (c) any comparisons with government lists, (d) any customer notices or (e) any other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or such other Laws. 
 
 Section 9.16. Other Agents . The Administrative Agent shall have the continuing right, in consultation with the Borrower, from time to time to designate one or more Lenders (or its or their Affiliates) as syndication agent , co-syndication agent , documentation agent , co-documentation agent , book runner , lead arranger , joint lead arranger , arrangers or other designations for purposes hereof. Any such designation referenced in the previous sentence or listed on the cover of this Agreement shall have no substantive effect, and any such Lender and its Affiliates so referenced or listed shall have no additional powers, duties, responsibilities or liabilities as a result thereof, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender, the Swing Line Lender or the Issuing Lender hereunder. 
 
 Section 9.17. Platform . 
 
 (a) Each Credit Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on the Platform. 
 
 (b) The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower or the other Credit Parties, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Borrower s, any Credit Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through the Platform. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Credit Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein that is distributed to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Platform. 

ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 Section 10.1. Lenders Independent Investigation . Each Lender, by its signature to this Agreement, acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent has made no representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the creditworthiness, financial condition, or any other condition of any Company or with respect to the statements contained in any information memorandum furnished in connection herewith or in any other oral or written communication between the Administrative Agent and such Lender. Each Lender represents that it has made and 

shall continue to make its own independent investigation of the creditworthiness, financial condition and affairs of the Companies in connection with the extension of credit hereunder, and agrees that the Administrative Agent has no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto (other than such notices as may be expressly required to be given by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders hereunder), whether coming into its possession before the first Credit Event hereunder or at any time or times thereafter. Each Lender further represents that it has reviewed each of the Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 10.2. No Waiver Cumulative Remedies . No omission or course of dealing on the part of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the holder of any Note (or, if there is no Note, the holder of the interest as reflected on the books and records of the Administrative Agent) in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy hereunder or under any of the Loan Documents. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and in addition to any other rights, powers or privileges held under any of the Loan Documents or by operation of law, by contract or otherwise. 
 
 Section 10.3. Amendments, Waivers and Consents . 
 
 (a) General Rule . No amendment, modification, termination, or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document nor consent to any variance therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders (and the Borrower if an amendment or modification) and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 
 
 (b) Exceptions to the General Rule . Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) of this Section 10.3 
 
 (i) Consent of Affected Lenders Required . No amendment, modification, waiver or consent shall (A) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (B) extend the date scheduled for payment of any principal (excluding mandatory prepayments) of or interest on the Loans or Letter of Credit reimbursement obligations or facility fees or other amounts payable hereunder without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (C) reduce the principal amount of any Loan, the stated rate of interest thereon (provided that the institution of the Default Rate or post default interest and a subsequent removal of the Default Rate or post default interest shall not constitute a decrease in interest rate pursuant to this Section 10.3(b)) or the stated rate of facility fees or other amounts payable hereunder, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (D) change the order or manner of pro rata application of any payments made by the Borrower to the Lenders hereunder, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (E) without the unanimous consent of the Lenders, change any percentage voting requirement, voting rights, or the Required Lenders definition in this Agreement, (F) without the unanimous consent of the Lenders, release the Borrower or any Guarantor of 

Payment, except, in the case of a Guarantor of Payment, in connection with a transaction specifically permitted hereunder in accordance with Section 9.8 hereof, or (G) without the unanimous consent of the Lenders, amend this Section 10.3 or Section 8.5 hereof. 
 
 (ii) Provisions Relating to Special Rights and Duties . No provision of this Agreement affecting the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such shall be amended, modified or waived without the consent of the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent Fee Letter may be amended or modified by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower without the consent of any other Lender. No provision of this Agreement relating to the rights or duties of the Issuing Lender in its capacity as such shall be amended, modified or waived without the consent of the Issuing Lender. No provision of this Agreement relating to the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such shall be amended, modified or waived without the consent of the Swing Line Lender. 
 
 (iii) Technical and Conforming Modifications . Notwithstanding the foregoing, technical and conforming modifications to the Loan Documents may be made with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (A) if such modifications are not adverse to the Lenders and are requested by Governmental Authorities, (B) to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, or (C) to the extent necessary to integrate any increase in the Commitment or new Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof. 
 
 (c) Replacement of Non-Consenting Lender . If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, the consent of all Lenders is required, but only the consent of Required Lenders is obtained, (any Lender withholding consent as described in this subsection (c) being referred to as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then, so long as the Administrative Agent is not the Non-Consenting Lender, the Administrative Agent may (and shall, if requested by the Borrower), at the sole expense of the Borrower, upon notice to such Non-Consenting Lender and the Borrower, require such Non-Consenting Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with the restrictions contained in Section 10.9 hereof) all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to a financial institution acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that such Non-Consenting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from such financial institution (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts, including any breakage compensation under Article III hereof). 
 
 (d) Generally . Notice of amendments, waivers or consents ratified by the Lenders hereunder shall be forwarded by the Administrative Agent to all of the Lenders. Notice (and upon written request of a Lender, a copy) of any amendment effectuated pursuant to Sections 2.10(c)(iii) or 10.3(b)(iii) hereof shall be provided to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent. Each Lender or other holder of a Note, or if there is no Note, the holder of the interest as reflected on the books and records of the Administrative Agent (or interest in any Loan or Letter 

of Credit) shall be bound by any amendment, waiver or consent obtained as authorized by this Section 10.3, regardless of its failure to agree thereto. 
 
 Section 10.4. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and, if to the Borrower, mailed or delivered to it, addressed to it at the address specified on the signature pages of this Agreement, if to the Administrative Agent or a Lender, mailed or delivered to it, addressed to the address of the Administrative Agent or such Lender specified on the signature pages of this Agreement, or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to each of the other parties. All notices, statements, requests, demands and other communications provided for hereunder shall be deemed to be given or made when delivered (if received during normal business hours on a Business Day, such Business Day or otherwise the following Business Day) or two Business Days after being deposited in the mails with postage prepaid by registered or certified mail, addressed as aforesaid, or sent by facsimile or electronic communication, in each case of facsimile or electronic communication with telephonic confirmation of receipt, except that telephonic confirmation is not required when notice is being provided under Section 5.3(d) hereof. All notices hereunder shall not be effective until received. For purposes of Article II hereof, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on telephonic instructions from any person that the Administrative Agent in good faith believes is an Authorized Officer, and the Borrower shall hold the Administrative Agent and each Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense resulting from any such reliance. 
 
 Section 10.5. Costs, Expenses and Documentary Taxes . The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable and properly documented costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent, including but not limited to (a) syndication, administration, travel and out-of-pocket expenses, including but not limited to attorneys fees and expenses, of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation and closing of the Loan Documents and the administration of the Loan Documents, and the collection and disbursement of all funds hereunder and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder, (b) extraordinary expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the administration of the Loan Documents and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder, and (c) the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of special counsel for the Administrative Agent, with respect to the foregoing, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by said special counsel with respect thereto. The Borrower also agrees to pay on demand all properly documented costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, in connection with the restructuring or enforcement of the Obligations, this Agreement or any other Related Writing. In addition, the Borrower shall pay any and all properly documented stamp, transfer, documentary and other taxes, assessments, charges and fees payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder, and agrees to hold the Administrative Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay in paying or failure to pay such taxes or fees, other than those liabilities resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent, or, with respect to amounts owing to a Lender, such Lender, in each case as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All obligations provided for in this Section 10.5 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

Section 10.6. Indemnification . The Borrower agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders (and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, attorneys, agents and employees) from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees) or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding (whether or not such Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be designated a party thereto) or any other claim by any Person relating to or arising out of any Loan Document or any actual or proposed use of proceeds of the Loans or any of the Obligations, or any activities of any Company or its Affiliates provided that no Lender nor the Administrative Agent shall have the right to be indemnified under this Section 10.6 for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All obligations provided for in this Section 
 10.6 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 10.7. Obligations Several No Fiduciary Obligations . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint. Nothing contained in this Agreement and no action taken by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant hereto shall be deemed to constitute the Administrative Agent or the Lenders a partnership, association, joint venture or other entity. No default by any Lender hereunder shall excuse the other Lenders from any obligation under this Agreement but no Lender shall have or acquire any additional obligation of any kind by reason of such default. The relationship between the Borrower and the Lenders with respect to the Loan Documents and the other Related Writings is and shall be solely that of debtor and creditors, respectively, and neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any fiduciary obligation toward any Credit Party with respect to any such documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 
 Section 10.8. Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, and by facsimile or other electronic signature, each of which counterparts when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. 
 
 Section 10.9. Successors and Assigns . 
 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section 10.9, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section 10.9, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section 10.9 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this 

Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 10.9 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation (i) such Lender s Commitment, (ii) all Loans made by such Lender, (iii) such Lender s Notes (if any), and (iv) such Lender s interest in any Letter of Credit or Swing Loan) provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 
 (i) Minimum Amounts . 
 
 (A) no minimum amount is required to be assigned in the case of (x) an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment (to the extent the Commitment is still in effect) and the Loans at the time owing to such Lender, (y) contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in subpart (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.9 in the aggregate, or (z) in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund and 
 
 (B) in any case not described in subpart (b)(i)(A) of this Section 10.9, the aggregate amount of each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment Agreement with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent (or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment Agreement, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than Five Million Dollars 5,000,000), unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the portion of such Lender s Commitment assigned, except that this subpart (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations with respect to separate facilities on a non-pro rata basis. 
 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.9 and, in addition 
 
 (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed)(a failure of the Borrower to approve a distressed debt fund or vulture fund shall not be deemed to be unreasonable so long as the Leverage Ratio for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Borrower shall be less than 3.00 to 1.00) shall be required unless (1) a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund provided that (y) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) days after having received notice thereof, and (z) the Borrower s consent shall not be required during the primary syndication of the Commitment 

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund and 
 
 (C) the consent of the Issuing Lender and the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 
 (iv) Assignment Agreement . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment Agreement, together with a processing and recordation fee of Three Thousand Five Hundred Dollars 3,500) provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made to 
 (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any Person that, upon becoming a Lender, would constitute a Defaulting Lender, or (C) any Person who directly competes with any Company in a principal line of business of such Company (which Person has been designated by the Borrower as such by written notice to the Administrative Agent, which information shall be provided to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent), and any Affiliates of such Person, to the extent such Affiliates (x) are clearly identifiable as affiliates on the basis of such Affiliates names and (y) are not bona fide debt investment funds that are Affiliates of such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any assignee that becomes disqualified pursuant to the foregoing provisions after the date on which an assigning Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person, such assignee shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender, and the execution by the Borrower of an Assignment Agreement with respect to such assignee will not by itself result in such assignee no longer being considered disqualified. 
 
 (vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons . No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person). 

(vii) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (A) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans in accordance with its Applicable Commitment Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this subpart (vii), then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 
 (viii) Treatment as Lenders . Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 10.9, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment Agreement, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement, and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment Agreement covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Article III and Sections 10.5 and 10.6 hereof with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment provided that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subpart shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section 10.9. 
 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender from time to time. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender 

hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person, the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, and any Persons to whom an assignment may not be made due to Section 10.9(b)(v)(C) above) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all or a portion of the Commitment and the Loans and participations owing to it and the Notes, if any, held by it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Line Lender and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 9.10 with respect to any payments made by such Lender to any of its Participants. 
 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to the following (to the extent that it affects such Participant) (i) any increase in the portion of the participation amount of any Participant over the amount thereof then in effect, or any extension of the Commitment Period or (ii) any reduction of the principal amount of or extension of the time for any payment of principal on any Loan, or the reduction of the rate of interest or extension of the time for payment of interest on any Loan, or the reduction of the facility fee. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Article III hereof (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.2(e) hereof (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.2(e) hereof shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 10.9 provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.5 and 3.6 hereof as if it were an assignee under subsection (b) of this Section 10.9 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Article III hereof, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower's request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.6 hereof with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 8.4 hereof as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 8.5 hereof as though it were a 

Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which such Lender enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 
 Section 10.10. Defaulting Lenders . 
 
 (a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law 
 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders. Any amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of all the Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than the other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VII hereof or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 8.4 hereof shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows (A) first, to the payment of amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder (B) second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Lender or Swing Line Lender hereunder (C) third, to Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 
 2.13 hereof (D) fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of 

Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent (E) fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (1) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement, and (2) cash collateralize the Issuing Lender s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.13 hereof (F) sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement (G) seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and (H) eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that, if (y) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or any Letters of Credit in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (z) such Loans were made or reimbursement of any payment on any Letters of Credit were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.1 hereof were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and the Letter of Credit Exposure owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or Letter of Credit Exposure owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Letter of Credit Exposure and Swing Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitment under the applicable facility without giving effect to Section 10.10(a)(iv) hereof. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 10.10(a)(ii) hereof shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 
 (iii) Certain Fees . 
 
 (A) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive a Facility Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to extent allocable to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans or the Term Loan funded by it, and (2) its Applicable Commitment Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.13 hereof. 
 
 (B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive letter of credit fees, as set forth in Section 2.2(b) hereof for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Commitment 

Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.13 hereof. 
 
 (C) With respect to any fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to subpart (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in the Letter of Credit Exposure or Swing Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to subpart (iv) below, (2) pay to the Issuing Lender and Swing Line Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to the Issuing Lender s or Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 
 (iv) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in the Letter of Credit Exposure and Swing Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Commitment Percentages with respect thereto (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Applicable Commitment Percentage with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitment. Subject to Section 10.20 hereof, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 
 (v) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Loans . If the reallocation described in subpart (iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (y) first, prepay Swing Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure and (z) second, Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lenders Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.13 hereof. 
 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the Issuing Lender agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be reasonably necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments under the applicable facility (without giving effect to Section 10.10(a)(iv) hereof), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that (i) no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender, and (ii) except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 
 (c) New Swing Loan and Letters of Credit . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loan unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swing Loan, and 

(ii) the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 
 
 (d) Replacement of Defaulting Lenders . Each Lender agrees that, during the time in which any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall have the right (and the Administrative Agent shall, if requested by the Borrower), at the sole expense of the Borrower, upon notice to such Defaulting Lender and the Borrower, to require that such Defaulting Lender assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with the restrictions contained in Section 
 10.9 hereof), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee, approved by the Borrower (unless an Event of Default shall exist) and the Administrative Agent, that shall assume such obligations. 
 
 Section 10.11. Patriot Act Notice . Each Lender, and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any other party), hereby notifies the Credit Parties that, pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, such Lender and the Administrative Agent are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Credit Parties, which information includes the name and address of each of the Credit Parties and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Credit Parties in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or a Lender in order to assist the Administrative Agent or such Lender in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act. 
 
 Section 10.12. Severability of Provisions Captions Attachments . Any provision of this Agreement that shall be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. The several captions to sections and subsections herein are inserted for convenience only and shall be ignored in interpreting the provisions of this Agreement. Each schedule or exhibit attached to this Agreement shall be incorporated herein and shall be deemed to be a part hereof. 
 
 Section 10.13. Investment Purpose . Each of the Lenders represents and warrants to the Borrower that such Lender is entering into this Agreement with the present intention of acquiring any Note issued pursuant hereto (or, if there is no Note, the interest as reflected on the books and records of the Administrative Agent) for investment purposes only and not for the purpose of distribution or resale, it being understood, however, that each Lender shall at all times retain full control over the disposition of its assets. 

Section 10.14. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, any Note and any other Loan Document or other agreement, document or instrument attached hereto or executed on or as of the Closing Date integrate all of the terms and conditions mentioned herein or incidental hereto and supersede all oral representations and negotiations and prior writings with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 Section 10.15. Confidentiality . The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall hold all Confidential Information in accordance with the customary procedures of the Administrative Agent or such Lender for handling confidential information of this nature, and in accordance with safe and sound banking practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may in any event make disclosures of, and furnish copies of Confidential Information (a) to another agent under this Agreement or another Lender (b) when reasonably required by any bona fide transferee or participant in connection with the contemplated transfer of any Loans or Commitment or participation therein (provided that each such prospective transferee or participant shall have an agreement for the benefit of the Borrower with such prospective transferor Lender or participant containing substantially similar provisions to those contained in this Section 10.15) (c) to the parent corporation or other affiliates of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, and to their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors, auditors and attorneys (d) as required or requested by any Governmental Authority or representative thereof, or pursuant to legal process, provided, that, unless specifically prohibited by Applicable Law or court order, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, shall notify the chief financial officer of the Borrower of any request by any Governmental Authority or representative thereof (other than any such request by a regulator of the Administrative Agent or such Lender in connection with an examination of the financial condition of the Administrative Agent or such Lender by such Governmental Authority), and of any other request pursuant to legal process, for disclosure of any such non-public information prior to disclosure of such Confidential Information and (e) with the Borrower s consent. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Lender be obligated or required to return any materials furnished by or on behalf of any Company. The Borrower hereby agrees that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with the provisions of this Section 
 10.15 shall not relieve the Borrower of any of the obligations to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 10.16. Limitations on Liability of the Issuing Lender . The Borrower assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit with respect to its use of such Letters of Credit. Neither the Issuing Lender nor any of its officers or directors shall be liable or responsible for (a) the use that may be made of any Letter of Credit or any acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith (b) the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of documents, or of any endorsement thereon, even if such documents should prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent or forged (c) payment by the Issuing Lender against presentation of documents that do not comply with the terms of a Letter of Credit, including failure of any documents to bear any reference or adequate reference to such Letter of Credit or (d) any other circumstances whatsoever in making or failing to make payment under any Letter of Credit, except that the account party on such Letter of Credit shall have a claim against the Issuing Lender, and the Issuing Lender shall be liable to such account party, to the extent of any direct, but not consequential, damages suffered by such account party that such account party proves were caused by (i) the Issuing Lender s willful misconduct or gross negligence (as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) in determining whether documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (ii) the Issuing Lender s willful failure to make lawful payment under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of documentation strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Issuing Lender may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation. 

Section 10.17. General Limitation of Liability . No claim may be made by any Credit Party, any Lender, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any other Person against the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, or any other Lender or the Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents of any of them for any damages other than actual compensatory damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith and the Borrower, each Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender hereby, to the fullest extent permitted under Applicable Law, waive, release and agree not to sue or counterclaim upon any such claim for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in their favor, and regardless of whether any Lender, Issuing Lender or the Administrative Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss of damage provided that nothing in this Section 10.17 shall be construed to limit or negate the Borrower s indemnification of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from claims by any Person pursuant to Section 10.6 hereof. 
 
 Section 10.18. No Duty . All attorneys, accountants, appraisers, consultants and other professional persons (including the firms or other entities on behalf of which any such Person may act) retained by the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents shall have the right to act exclusively in the interest of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and shall have no duty of disclosure, duty of loyalty, duty of care, or other duty or obligation of any type or nature whatsoever to the Borrower, any other Companies, or any other Person, with respect to any matters within the scope of such representation or related to their activities in connection with such representation. The Borrower agrees, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, not to assert any claim or counterclaim against any such persons with regard to such matters, all such claims and counterclaims, now existing or hereafter arising, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseeable, being hereby waived, released and forever discharged. 
 
 Section 10.19. Legal Representation of Parties . The Loan Documents were negotiated by the parties with the benefit of legal representation and any rule of construction or interpretation otherwise requiring this Agreement or any other Loan Document to be construed or interpreted against any party shall not apply to any construction or interpretation hereof or thereof. 
 
 Section 10.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other 

agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 
 Section 10.21. Certain ERISA Matters 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Credit Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(a) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 8414 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iii) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Credit Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 
 Section 10.22. Acknowledgements Regarding Erroneous Payments . 
 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or Issuing Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Lender such Lender or Issuing Lender (any such Lender, Issuing Lender or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Lender or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Issuing Lender shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(iii) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or Issuing Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Lender such Lender or Issuing Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (i) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or that such Lender or Issuing Lender or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case 
 
 (A) (1) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (i) or (ii), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (2) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (iii)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment and 
 
 (B) such Lender or Issuing Lender shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one (1) Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 10.22(b). 
 
 (b) Each Lender or Issuing Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Issuing Lender under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Issuing Lender from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender or Issuing Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender or Issuing Lender at any time, (i) such Lender or Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Loans with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment Agreement with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender or Issuing Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Lender shall cease to be a Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender or assigning Issuing 

Lender and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. Subject to Section 10.9, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender or Issuing Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender or Issuing Lender (and or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender or Issuing Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender or Issuing Lender under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 
 
 (d) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment provided that this Section 10.22(e) shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and or timing for payment) of the 

Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (e) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 
 (f) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 10.22 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Lender, the termination of the Commitments and or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 
 Section 10.23. Governing Law Submission to Jurisdiction . 
 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement, each of the Notes and any other Related Writing (except as otherwise set forth in any Loan Document executed by a Foreign Subsidiary) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Ohio and the respective rights and obligations of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders shall be governed by Ohio law, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 
 
 (b) Submission to Jurisdiction . The Borrower hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any Ohio state or federal court sitting in Cleveland, Ohio, over any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Obligations or any other Related Writing (except as otherwise set forth in any Loan Document executed by a Foreign Subsidiary), and the Borrower hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such Ohio state or federal court. The Borrower, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue in any action or proceeding in any such court as well as any right it may now or hereafter have to remove such action or proceeding, once commenced, to another court on the grounds of FORUM NON CONVENIENS or otherwise. The Borrower agrees that a final, non-appealable judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 

EXHIBIT D FORM OF 
 NOTICE OF LOAN 
 
 , 20 
 
 KeyBank National Association, as the Administrative Agent 127 Public Square 
 Cleveland, Ohio 44114-0616 Attention Institutional Bank 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 The undersigned, APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., an Ohio corporation (the Borrower ), refers to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2021 (as the same may from time to time be amended, restated or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement , the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, the Lenders, as defined in the Credit Agreement, and KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ), and hereby gives you notice, pursuant to Section 2.6 of the Credit Agreement that the Borrower hereby requests a Loan (the Proposed Loan an interest change with respect to a portion of a Term Loan (the Term Loan Interest Change , and in connection therewith sets forth below the information relating to the Proposed Loan Term Loan Interest Change as required by Section 2.6 of the Credit Agreement 
 
 (a) The Business Day of the Proposed Loan Term Loan Interest Change is 
 , 20 . 
 
 (b) The amount of the Proposed Loan Term Loan Interest Change is 
 . 
 
 (c) The Proposed Loan is to be Term Loan Interest Change is for a Revolving Loan the Term Loan . 
 (Check one.) 
 
 (d) The Proposed Loan Term Loan Interest Change is to be a Base Rate Loan Daily Simple SOFR Loan Term SOFR Loan Swing Loan . (Check one.) 
 
 (e) If the Proposed Loan Term Loan Interest Change is a Term SOFR Loan, the Interest Period requested is one month , three months , six months . (Check one.) 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies on behalf of the Borrower that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Proposed Loan Term Loan Interest Change 

(i) the representations and warranties contained in each Loan Document are correct, before and after giving effect to the Proposed Loan Term Loan Interest Change and the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date 
 
 (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Proposed Loan Term Loan Interest Change , or the application of proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default or Event of Default and 
 
 (iii) the conditions set forth in Section 2.6 and Article IV of the Credit Agreement have been satisfied. 
 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 
 By Name Title 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-4.10>
 3
 exhibit410-amendmentno2tor.htm
 EX-4.10

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.10 

 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 AND 
 REAFFIRMATION OF PERFORMANCE GUARANTY 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT AND REAFFIRMATION OF PERFORMANCE GUARANTY (this Amendment ), dated as of May 12, 2023, is entered into by and among AIT RECEIVABLES, LLC AIT Receivables ), as borrower under the Receivables Financing Agreement (as defined below) (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Borrower ), APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Applied Industrial ), as initial servicer under the Receivables Financing Agreement (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Servicer ), PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as administrative agent under the Receivables Financing Agreement (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), as a committed lender under the Receivables Financing Agreement (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, a Committed Lender ), and as group agent for the PNC Group under the Receivables Financing Agreement (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, a Group Agent ), REGIONS BANK Regions ), as a committed lender under the Receivables Financing Agreement (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, a Committed Lender and together with PNC as a Committed Lender, the Committed Lenders or the Lenders and as group agent for the Regions Group under the Receivables Financing Agreement (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, a Group Agent and together with PNC as Group Agent, the Group Agents ), and the various other Lenders and Group Agents from time to time party to the Receivables Financing Agreement, and acknowledged and agreed to by PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, as structuring agent (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Structuring Agent ), and is reaffirmed by, with respect to Section 11 hereof, Applied Industrial, as performance guarantor (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Performance Guarantor ). 
 BACKGROUND 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer, the Persons from time to time party thereto as Lenders and as Group Agents, the Administrative Agent, and, solely with respect to Section 10.10 thereof, the Structuring Agent, entered into the Receivables Financing Agreement as of August 31, 2018 (as amended by the Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Financing Agreement and Reaffirmation of Performance Guaranty, dated as of March 26, 2021, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Original Receivables Financing Agreement , and as amended hereby and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Financing Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Performance Guarantor entered into the Performance Guaranty as of August 31, 2018 (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Performance Guaranty in favor of, and as accepted by, the Administrative Agent and 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to amend the Original Receivables Financing Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 1 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Original Receivables Financing Agreement. 
 SECTION 2. Amendments to Original Receivables Financing Agreement . Effective as of the date hereof and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 hereof, the Original Receivables Financing Agreement is hereby amended to add or delete such text as may be necessary to conform the Original Receivables Financing Agreement to the agreement attached as Exhibit A . 
 SECTION 3. Representations, Warranties and Enforceability . Each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Group Agents and the Lenders, as applicable, as of the date hereof with respect to itself, as follows 
 (a) the representations and warranties of it contained in Section 6.01 and Section 6.02, as applicable, of the Receivables Financing Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualification, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of the date hereof as though made on and as of such date unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualification, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of such earlier date 
 (b) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, that constitutes an Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default, as set forth in Section 9.01 of the Receivables Financing Agreement and 
 (c) (i) the execution and delivery by it of this Amendment, and the performance of its obligations under this Amendment and the Receivables Financing Agreement are within its organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary action on its part, and (ii) this Amendment and the Receivables Financing Agreement are its valid and legally binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except (A) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (B) as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 SECTION 4. Conditions Precedent . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of all of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received a fully executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested on or prior to the date hereof. 
 (c) PNC, as the Administrative Agent, as a Committed Lender and as the Group Agent for the PNC Group and Regions Bank, as a Committed Lender and as the Group Agent for the Regions Group, in each case, under the Receivables Financing Agreement, as applicable, shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable to it under the Transaction 
 2 

Documents and in connection with this Amendment on or prior to the date hereof, including, to the extent invoiced, payment or reimbursement of all fees and expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) required to be paid or reimbursed on or prior to the date hereof. To the extent such fees and other amounts have not yet been invoiced, the Borrower agrees to remit payment to the applicable party promptly upon receipt of such invoice. 
 (d) No Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default, as set forth in Section 9.01 of the Receivables Financing Agreement, shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 SECTION 5. Amendment . The Borrower, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent, the Group Agents, the Lenders, and, with respect to Section 11 hereof, the Performance Guarantor, hereby agree that the provisions and effectiveness of this Amendment shall apply to the Original Receivables Financing Agreement as of the date hereof. Except as amended by this Amendment, the Original Receivables Financing Agreement remains unchanged and in full force and effect. This Amendment is a Transaction Document. 
 SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or other electronic means shall be equally effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 7. Captions . The headings of the Sections of this Amendment are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not modify, define, expand or limit any of the terms or provisions of this Amendment. 
 SECTION 8. Successors and permitted assigns . The terms of this Amendment shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the Borrower, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent, the Group Agents, the Lenders, and, with respect to Section 11 hereof, the Performance Guarantor and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 SECTION 9. Severability . Any provision of this Amendment which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 10. Governing Law and Jurisdiction . The provisions of the Receivables Financing Agreement with respect to governing law, jurisdiction, and agent for service of process are incorporated in this Amendment by reference as if such provisions were set forth herein. 
 SECTION 11. Reaffirmation of Performance Guarantee . After giving effect to this Amendment, all of the provisions of the Performance Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and the Performance Guarantor hereby ratifies and affirms the Performance Guaranty and acknowledges that the Performance Guaranty has continued and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 
 AIT RECEIVABLES LLC , 
 as the Borrower 
 By s David K. Wells 
 Name David K. Wells 
 Title Vice President Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , 
 as the Servicer 
 By s David K. Wells 
 Name David K. Wells 
 Title Vice President Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
 
 By s Jon S. Ploetz 
 Name Jon S. Ploetz 
 Title Vice President General Counsel & Secretary 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to RFA (AIT) 
 S-1 

Acknowledged and reaffirmed by, with respect to Section 11 hereof, as of the date first written above 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , 
 as the Performance Guarantor 
 By s David K. Wells 
 Name David K. Wells 
 Title Vice President Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
 
 By s Jon S. Ploetz 
 Name Jon S. Ploetz 
 Title Vice President General Counsel & Secretary 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to RFA (AIT) 
 S-2 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as the Administrative Agent 
 By s Deric Bradford 
 Name Deric Bradford 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as the Group Agent for the PNC Group 
 By s Deric Bradford 
 Name Deric Bradford 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Committed Lender 
 By s Deric Bradford 
 Name Deric Bradford 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to RFA (AIT) 
 S-3 

REGIONS BANK , 
 as the Group Agent for the Regions Group 
 By s Kathy Myers 
 Name Kathy Myers 
 Title Managing Director 
 REGIONS BANK , 
 as a Committed Lender 
 By s Kathy Myers 
 Name Kathy Myers 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to RFA (AIT) 
 S-4 

Acknowledged and agreed to by, as of the date first written above 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC , 
 as the Structuring Agent 
 By s Deric Bradford 
 Name Deric Bradford 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to RFA (AIT) 
 S-5 

Exhibit A to Amendment No. 2 

RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of August 31, 2018 
 by and among 
 AIT RECEIVABLES LLC , 
 as Borrower, 
 THE PERSONS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO , 
 as Lenders and as Group Agents, 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as Administrative Agent, 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , 
 as initial Servicer, 
 and 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC , 
 as Structuring Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS SECTION 1.01 Certain Defined Terms 1 SECTION 1.02 Other Interpretative Matters 35 SECTION 1.03 Rates 36 ARTICLE II TERMS OF THE LOANS SECTION 2.01 Loan Facility 36 SECTION 2.02 Making Loans Repayment of Loans 37 SECTION 2.03 Interest and Fees 38 SECTION 2.04 Records of Loans 39 SECTION 2.05 Selection of Interest Rates 39 SECTION 2.06 Defaulting Lenders 40 ARTICLE III SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES AND PAYMENT PROVISIONS SECTION 3.01 Settlement Procedures 40 SECTION 3.02 Payments and Computations, Etc. 43 ARTICLE IV INCREASED COSTS FUNDING LOSSES TAXES ILLEGALITY AND SECURITY INTEREST SECTION 4.01 Increased Costs 43 SECTION 4.02 Funding Losses 45 SECTION 4.03 Taxes 45 SECTION 4.04 SOFR Rate Lending Unlawful Inability to Determine Rate 49 SECTION 4.05 Security Interest 50 SECTION 4.06 Permanent Inability to Determine Rate Benchmark Replacement. 51 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS SECTION 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness and the Initial Credit Extension 53 SECTION 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Credit Extensions 53 SECTION 5.03 Conditions Precedent to All Releases 54 ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SECTION 6.01 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower 55 SECTION 6.02 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer 60 ARTICLE VII COVENANTS SECTION 7.01 Covenants of the Borrower 64 SECTION 7.02 Covenants of the Servicer 73 SECTION 7.03 Separate Existence of the Borrower 79 ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION OF RECEIVABLES SECTION 8.01 Appointment of the Servicer 83 

SECTION 8.02 Duties of the Servicer 84 SECTION 8.03 Collection Account Arrangements 85 SECTION 8.04 Enforcement Rights 85 SECTION 8.05 Responsibilities of the Borrower 87 SECTION 8.06 Servicing Fee 87 ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT SECTION 9.01 Events of Default 87 ARTICLE X THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT SECTION 10.01 Authorization and Action 91 SECTION 10.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Etc 91 SECTION 10.03 Administrative Agent and Affiliates 92 SECTION 10.04 Indemnification of Administrative Agent 92 SECTION 10.05 Delegation of Duties 92 SECTION 10.06 Action or Inaction by Administrative Agent 92 SECTION 10.07 Notice of Events of Default Action by Administrative Agent 93 SECTION 10.08 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Parties 93 SECTION 10.09 Successor Administrative Agent 93 SECTION 10.10 Structuring Agent 94 SECTION 10.11 Erroneous Payment 94 ARTICLE XI THE GROUP AGENTS SECTION 11.01 Authorization and Action 95 SECTION 11.02 Group Agent s Reliance, Etc. 96 SECTION 11.03 Group Agent and Affiliates 96 SECTION 11.04 Indemnification of Group Agents 96 SECTION 11.05 Delegation of Duties 97 SECTION 11.06 Notice of Events of Default 97 SECTION 11.07 Non-Reliance on Group Agent and Other Parties 97 SECTION 11.08 Successor Group Agent 98 SECTION 11.09 Reliance on Group Agent 98 ARTICLE XII INDEMNIFICATION SECTION 12.01 Indemnities by the Borrower 98 SECTION 12.02 Indemnification by the Servicer 101 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS SECTION 13.01 Amendments, Etc. 102 SECTION 13.02 Notices, Etc. 103 SECTION 13.03 Assignability Addition of Lenders 103 SECTION 13.04 Costs and Expenses 107 SECTION 13.05 No Proceedings Limitation on Payments 107 SECTION 13.06 Confidentiality 108 

SECTION 13.07 GOVERNING LAW 109 SECTION 13.08 Execution in Counterparts 110 SECTION 13.09 Integration Binding Effect Survival of Termination 110 SECTION 13.10 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 110 SECTION 13.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 111 SECTION 13.12 Ratable Payments 111 SECTION 13.13 Limitation of Liability 111 SECTION 13.14 Intent of the Parties 112 SECTION 13.15 USA Patriot Act 112 SECTION 13.16 Right of Setoff 112 SECTION 13.17 Severability 112 SECTION 13.18 Mutual Negotiations 112 SECTION 13.19 Captions and Cross References 113 EXHIBITS EXHIBIT A Form of Loan Request EXHIBIT B Form of Reduction Notice EXHIBIT C Form of Assignment and Acceptance Agreement EXHIBIT D Form of Assumption Agreement EXHIBIT E Credit and Collection Procedures EXHIBIT F Form of Information Package EXHIBIT G Form of Compliance Certificate EXHIBIT H Closing Memorandum EXHIBIT I Form of Interim Report SCHEDULES SCHEDULE I Commitments SCHEDULE II Lock-Boxes, Collection Accounts and Collection Account Banks SCHEDULE III Notice Addresses SCHEDULE IV Excluded Obligors SCHEDULE V Subject Originators 

This RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement is entered into as of August 31, 2018 by and among the following parties 
 
 (i) AIT RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Borrower (together with its successors and assigns, the Borrower 
 
 (ii) the Persons from time to time party hereto as Lenders and as Group Agents 
 
 (iii) PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as Administrative Agent 
 
 (iv) APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., an Ohio corporation, in its individual capacity Applied Industrial and as initial servicer (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Servicer and 
 
 (v) PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company, as Structuring Agent. 
 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 
 The Borrower has acquired, and will acquire from time to time, Receivables from the Originator(s) pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement. The Borrower has requested that the Lenders make Loans from time to time to the Borrower, on the terms, and subject to the conditions set forth herein, secured by, among other things, the Receivables. 
 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 

ARTICLE I 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 SECTION 1.01 Certain Defined Terms As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined) 
 
 Account Control Agreement means each agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, among the Borrower, the Servicer (if applicable), the Administrative Agent and a Collection Account Bank, governing the terms of the related Collection Accounts that (i) provides the Administrative Agent with control within the meaning of the UCC over the deposit accounts subject to such agreement and (ii) by its terms, may not be terminated or canceled by the related Collection Account Bank without the written consent of the Administrative Agent or upon no less than sixty (60) calendar days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Administrative Agent means PNC, in its capacity as contractual representative for the Credit Parties, and any successor thereto in such capacity appointed pursuant to Article X or Section 13.03(g) . 
 
 Adverse Claim means any ownership interest or claim, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, hypothecation, charge or other encumbrance or security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily given, including, but not limited to, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security and any filed financing statement or other notice of any of the foregoing (whether or not a lien or other encumbrance is created or exists at the time of the filing) it being understood that any of the foregoing in favor of, or assigned to, the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall not constitute an Adverse Claim. 
 
 Advisors has the meaning set forth in Section 13.06(c) . 
 
 Affected Person means each Credit Party, each Program Support Provider, each Liquidity Agent and each of their respective Affiliates. 
 
 Affiliate means, as to any Person (a) any Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or (b) who is a director or officer (i) of such Person or (ii) of any Person described in clause (a) , except that, in the case of each Conduit Lender, Affiliate shall mean the holder(s) of its Capital Stock or membership interests, as the case may be. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, whether or not exercised (x) to vote 25 or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or managers of such Person or (y) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, in either case whether by ownership of securities, contract, proxy or otherwise. 
 
 Aggregate Capital means, at any time of determination, the aggregate outstanding Capital of all Lenders at such time. 
 
 Aggregate Interest means, at any time of determination, the aggregate accrued and unpaid Interest on the Loans of all Lenders at such time. 
 
 Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Anti-Terrorism Laws means any Applicable Law relating to terrorism financing, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import export licensing, money laundering or bribery, and any regulation, order, or directive promulgated, issued or enforced pursuant to such Applicable Laws, all as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
 
 Applicable Law means, with respect to any Person, (x) all provisions of law, statute, treaty, constitution, ordinance, rule, regulation, ordinance, requirement, restriction, permit, executive order, certificate, decision, directive or order of any Governmental Authority applicable to such Person or any of its property and (y) all judgments, injunctions, orders, writs, decrees and awards of all courts and arbitrators in proceedings or actions in which such Person is 

a party or by which any of its property is bound. For the avoidance of doubt, FATCA shall constitute an Applicable Law for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Applied Industrial has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Assignment and Acceptance Agreement means an assignment and acceptance agreement entered into by a Committed Lender, an Eligible Assignee, such Committed Lender s Group Agent and the Administrative Agent, and, if required, the Borrower, pursuant to which such Eligible Assignee may become a party to this Agreement, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto. 
 
 Assumption Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 13.03(i). 
 
 Attorney Costs means and includes all fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel and all disbursements of internal counsel. 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, (a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement, or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, including any overnight or daily tenor, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 4.06(d) . 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101, et seq.), as amended from time to time. 
 
 Base Rate means, for any day and any Lender, a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time, which rate shall be at all times equal to the greater of 
 
 (a) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the applicable Group Agent or its Affiliate as its reference rate or prime rate , as applicable. Such reference rate or prime rate is set by the applicable Group Agent or its Affiliate based upon various factors, including such Person s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such announced rate, and is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer 
 
 (b) a half percent (0.50 per annum above the latest Overnight Bank Funding Rate and 
 
 (c) one percent (1 per annum above Daily Simple SOFR, so long as Daily Simple SOFR, is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful 
 
 provided , however , if the Base Rate as determined above would be less than the Floor, then such rate shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

Base Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest at the Base Rate. 
 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to (a) any Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan, the Daily One Month SOFR Rate, and (b) any Term SOFR Rate Loan, the Term SOFR Rate provided , that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 4.06 . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Benchmark Replacement Date 
 
 (a) the sum of (i) Daily Simple SOFR, and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
 
 (b) the sum of (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent as the replacement for such Benchmark giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body, or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for such Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time, and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, if any 
 
 provided , that in the case of clause (a) , such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion provided , further , that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of any then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor 
 
 (a) for purposes of clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, 0.10 (10 basis points) 
 
 (b) for purposes of clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), if any, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body, or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the 

applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar denominated syndicated facilities. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein, and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided , that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date or 
 
 (c) in the case of clause (d) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first Business Day following the fifth (5th) consecutive Business Day that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark are not published. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such Benchmark 
 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided, that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), 

which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided , that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or 
 
 (d) all Available Tenors of the Benchmark are not published by the administrator of such Benchmark for five (5) consecutive Business Days and such failure is not the result of a temporary moratorium, embargo or disruption declared by the administrator of such Benchmark or by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date, and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than ninety (90) days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to such Benchmark pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with Section 4.06 , and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with Section 4.06 . 
 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Borrower Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 12.01(a) . 
 
 Borrower Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 12.01(a) . 
 
 Borrower Obligations means all present and future indebtedness, reimbursement obligations, and other liabilities and obligations (howsoever created, arising or evidenced, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or due or to become due) of the Borrower to 

any Credit Party, Borrower Indemnified Party and or any Affected Person, arising under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and shall include, without limitation, all Capital and Interest on the Loans, all Fees and all other amounts due or to become due under the Transaction Documents (whether in respect of fees, costs, expenses, indemnifications or otherwise), including, without limitation, interest, fees and other obligations that accrue after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding with respect to the Borrower (in each case whether or not allowed as a claim in such proceeding). 
 
 Borrower s Net Worth means, at any time of determination, an amount equal to (i) the Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables at such time, minus (ii) the sum of (A) the Aggregate Capital at such time, plus (B) the Aggregate Interest at such time, plus (C) the aggregate accrued and unpaid Fees at such time, plus (D) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all Subordinated Notes at such time, plus (E) the aggregate accrued and unpaid interest on all Subordinated Notes at such time, plus (F) without duplication, the aggregate accrued and unpaid other Borrower Obligations at such time. 
 
 Borrowing Base means, at any time of determination, the amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Facility Limit and (b) an amount equal to (i) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at such time, minus (ii) the Total Reserves at such time. 
 
 Borrowing Base Deficit means, at any time of determination, the amount, if any, by which (a) the Aggregate Capital at such time, exceeds (b) the Borrowing Base at such time, or, in each case, if such day is not a Business Day, then the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
 Borrowing Tranche means specified portions of Loans outstanding as follows (a) any Loans to which the Daily One Month SOFR Rate applies shall constitute one Borrowing Tranche, (b) all Loans to which the Term SOFR Rate applies shall constitute one Borrowing Tranche, and (c) all Loans to which the Base Rate applies shall constitute one Borrowing Tranche. 
 
 Breakage Fee means (i) for any Interest Period for which Interest is computed by reference to the CP Rate, the Daily One Month SOFR Rate or the Term SOFR Rate and a reduction of Capital is made for any reason on any day other than a Settlement Date or (ii) to the extent that the Borrower shall for any reason, fail to borrow on the date specified by the Borrower in connection with any request for funding pursuant to Article II of this Agreement, the amount, if any, by which (A) the additional Interest (calculated without taking into account any Breakage Fee or any shortened duration of such Interest Period pursuant to the definition thereof) which would have accrued during such Interest Period (or, in the case of clause (i) above, until the maturity of the underlying Note) on the reductions of Capital relating to such Interest Period had such reductions not been made (or, in the case of clause (ii) above, the amounts so failed to be borrowed or accepted in connection with any such request for funding by the Borrower), exceeds (B) the income, if any, received by the applicable Lender from the investment of the proceeds of such reductions of Capital (or such amounts failed to be borrowed by the Borrower). A certificate as to the amount of any Breakage Fee (including the computation of such amount) shall be submitted by the affected Lender (or applicable Group Agent on its behalf) to the Borrower and shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are not authorized or required to close in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, or New York City, New York. 
 
 Capital means, with respect to any Lender, without duplication, the aggregate amounts paid to, or on behalf of, the Borrower in connection with all Loans made by such Lender pursuant to Article II , as reduced from time to time by Collections distributed and applied on account of such Capital pursuant to Section 3.01 provided , that if such Capital shall have been reduced by any distribution and thereafter all or a portion of such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason, such Capital shall be increased by the amount of such rescinded or returned distribution as though it had not been made. 
 
 Capital Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all common shares, preferred shares, interests, participations, rights in or other equivalents (however designated) of such Person s capital stock, partnership interests, limited liability company interests, membership interests or other equivalent interests and any rights (other than debt securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock), warrants or options exchangeable for or convertible into such capital stock or other equity interests. 
 
 Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following 
 
 (a) Applied Industrial ceases to own, directly, 100 of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock and all other equity interests of the Borrower free and clear of all Adverse Claims 
 
 (b) Applied Industrial ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock, membership interests or other equity interests of any Originator free and clear of all Adverse Claims 
 
 (c) any Subordinated Note shall at any time cease to be owned by an Originator, free and clear of all Adverse Claims or 
 
 (d) with respect to Applied Industrial 
 
 (i) any person or group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of thirty-five percent (35 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding Capital Stock of Applied Industrial entitled to vote generally in the election of the directors of Applied Industrial 
 
 (ii) during any period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months, the board of directors of Applied Industrial shall cease to have as a majority of its members individuals who either (i) were directors of Applied Industrial on the first day of such period or (ii) were elected or nominated for election to the board of directors of Applied Industrial at the recommendation of or other approval by at least a majority of the directors then still in office at the time of such election or nomination who were directors of Applied Industrial on the first day of such period, or whose election or nomination for election was so approved or 

(iii) Applied Industrial consolidates with or merges into another corporation (other than a Subsidiary of Applied Industrial) or conveys, transfers or leases all or substantially all of its property to any person (other than a Subsidiary of Applied Industrial), or any corporation (other than a Subsidiary of Applied Industrial) consolidates with or merges into Applied Industrial, in either event pursuant to a transaction in which the outstanding Capital Stock of Applied Industrial is reclassified or changed into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property. 
 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (w) the final rule titled Risk-Based Capital Guidelines Capital Adequacy Guidelines Capital Maintenance Regulatory Capital Impact of Modifications to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles Consolidation of Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Programs and Other Related Issues , adopted by the United States bank regulatory agencies on December 15, 2009, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to the agreements reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in Basel III A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified or replaced from time to time), shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 
 Closing Date means August 31, 2018. 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, reformed or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05(a) . 
 
 Collection Account means each account listed on Schedule II to this Agreement (as such schedule may be modified from time to time in connection with the closing or opening of any Collection Account in accordance with the terms hereof), in each case, in the name of the Borrower and maintained at a bank or other financial institution acting as a Collection Account Bank pursuant to an Account Control Agreement for the purpose of receiving Collections. 
 
 Collection Account Bank means any of the banks or other financial institutions holding one or more Collection Accounts. 
 
 Collections means, with respect to any Pool Receivable (a) all funds that are received by any Originator, the Borrower, the Servicer or any other Person on their behalf in payment of 

any amounts owed in respect of such Pool Receivable (including purchase price, finance charges, interest and all other charges), or applied to amounts owed in respect of such Pool Receivable (including insurance payments and net proceeds of the sale or other disposition of repossessed goods or other collateral or property of the related Obligor or any other Person directly or indirectly liable for the payment of such Pool Receivable and available to be applied thereon), (b) all Deemed Collections, (c) all proceeds of all Related Security with respect to such Pool Receivable and (d) all other proceeds of such Pool Receivable. 
 
 Commitment means, with respect to any Committed Lender (including a Related Committed Lender), the maximum aggregate amount which such Person is obligated to lend or pay hereunder on account of all Loans, on a combined basis, as set forth on Schedule I or in the Assumption Agreement or other agreement pursuant to which it became a Lender, as such amount may be modified in connection with any subsequent assignment pursuant to Section 13.03 or in connection with a reduction in the Facility Limit pursuant to Section 2.02(e) . If the context so requires, Commitment also refers to a Committed Lender s obligation to make Loans hereunder in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Committed Lenders means PNC and each other Person that is or becomes a party to this Agreement in the capacity of a Committed Lender . 
 
 Concentration Percentage means (a) for any Group A Obligor, twenty percent (20.00 ), (b) for any Group B Obligor, fifteen percent (15.00 ), (c) for any Group C Obligor, ten percent (10.00 and (d) for any Group D Obligor, five percent (5.00 ). 
 
 Concentration Reserve Percentage means, at any time of determination, the largest of (a) the sum of the five (5) largest Obligor Percentages of the Group D Obligors, (b) the sum of the three (3) largest Obligor Percentages of the Group C Obligors, (c) the sum of the two (2) largest Obligor Percentage of the Group B Obligors and (d) the largest Obligor Percentage of the Group A Obligors. 
 
 Conduit Lender means each commercial paper conduit that is or becomes a party to this Agreement in the capacity of a Conduit Lender . 
 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of the Daily One Month SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of SOFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 4.02 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the 

Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). 
 
 Contract means, with respect to any Receivable, any and all contracts, instruments, agreements, leases, invoices, notes or other writings pursuant to which such Receivable arises or that evidence such Receivable or under which an Obligor becomes or is obligated to make payment in respect of such Receivable. 
 
 Controlled Group means all members of a controlled group of corporations or other business entities and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 
 Covered Entity means (a) each of Borrower, the Servicer, each Originator, the Parent and each of Parent s Subsidiaries and (b) each Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect (x) ownership of, or power to vote, 25 or more of the issued and outstanding equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person, or (y) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. 
 
 CP Rate means, for any Conduit Lender and for any Interest Period for any Portion of Capital (a) the per annum rate equivalent to the weighted average cost (as determined by the applicable Group Agent and which shall include commissions of placement agents and dealers, incremental carrying costs incurred with respect to Notes of such Person maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding funds are received by such Conduit Lender, other borrowings by such Conduit Lender (other than under any Program Support Agreement) and any other costs associated with the issuance of Notes) of or related to the issuance of Notes that are allocated, in whole or in part, by the applicable Conduit Lender to fund or maintain such Portion of Capital (and which may be also allocated in part to the funding of other assets of such Conduit Lender) provided , however , that if any component of such rate is a discount rate, in calculating the CP Rate for such Portion of Capital for such Interest Period, the applicable Group Agent shall for such component use the rate resulting from converting such discount rate to an interest bearing equivalent rate per annum provided , further , that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Borrower agrees that any amounts payable to Conduit Lenders in respect of Interest for any Interest Period with respect to any Portion of Capital funded by such Conduit Lenders at the CP Rate shall include an amount equal to the portion of the face amount of the outstanding Notes issued to fund or maintain such Portion of Capital that corresponds to the portion of the proceeds of such Notes that was used to pay the interest component of maturing Notes issued to fund or maintain such Portion of Capital, to the extent that such Conduit Lenders had not received payments of interest in respect of such interest component prior to the maturity date of such maturing Notes (for purposes of the foregoing, the interest component of Notes equals the excess of the face amount thereof over the net proceeds received by such Conduit Lender from the issuance of Notes, except that if such Notes are issued on an interest-bearing basis its interest component will equal the amount of interest accruing on such Notes through maturity) or (b) any other rate designated as the CP Rate for such Conduit Lender in the Assumption Agreement or other document pursuant to which such Person 

becomes a party as a Conduit Lender to this Agreement, or any other writing or agreement provided by such Conduit Lender to the Borrower, the Servicer and the applicable Agent from time to time. The CP Rate for any Conduit Lender for any day while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing shall be an interest rate equal to the greater of (i) 2.50 per annum above the Base Rate and (ii) 2.50 per annum above the CP Rate calculated without giving effect to such Event of Default. 
 
 Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2021, by and among Applied Industrial, KeyBank National Association and the lenders listed on the signature pages thereof, as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or refinanced or replaced from time to time solely to the extent all of the Group Agents remain parties thereto after the effectiveness of such amendment, restatement, supplement or modification. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent any Group Agent is no longer a party to the Credit Agreement, references herein to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Credit Agreement as in effect as of the last date on which all Group Agents are parties thereto. 
 
 Credit and Collection Procedures means, as the context may require, those receivables credit and collection policies and historical practices of the Originators and or Servicer in effect on the Closing Date and described in Exhibit E , as modified in compliance with this Agreement. 
 
 Credit Extension means the making of any Loan. 
 
 Credit Party means each Lender, the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent. 
 
 Credit Risk Retention Rules means (i) Section 15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (ii) Articles 404 410 of the EU Capital Requirements Regulation (including Article 122a of the Banking Consolidation Directive), in each case, together with the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Daily One Month SOFR means, for any day, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1 100th of 1 equal to the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such day for a one (1) month period, as published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided , that if Daily One Month SOFR, determined as provided above, would be less than the Floor, then Daily One Month SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. The rate of interest will be adjusted automatically as of each Business Day based on changes in Daily One Month SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 
 Daily One Month SOFR Rate means, with respect to a Loan to which Daily One Month SOFR applies, a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time equal to (a) the SOFR Adjustment, plus (b) Daily One Month SOFR. 
 
 Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest at the Daily One Month SOFR Rate. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agent s discretion, to the nearest 

1 100th of 1 equal to SOFR for the day (such day, the SOFR Determination Day that is five (5) SOFR Business Days (or such other period as determined by the Administrative Agent based on then prevailing market conventions) prior to (a) if such SOFR Rate Day is a SOFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day, or (b) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a SOFR Business Day, the SOFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as and when SOFR for such SOFR Rate Day is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. If by 5 00 pm (Eastern time) on the second (2nd) SOFR Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website provided , that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 
 Days Sales Outstanding means, for any Fiscal Month, an amount computed as of the last day of such Fiscal Month equal to (a) the average of the Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables as of the last day of each of the three (3) most recent Fiscal Months ended on the last day of such Fiscal Month, divided by (b) (i) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables generated by the Originators during the three (3) most recent Fiscal Months ended on the last day of such Fiscal Month, divided by (ii) ninety (90). 
 
 Debt means, as to any Person at any time of determination, any and all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities (whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or joint or several) of such Person for or in respect of (i) borrowed money, (ii) amounts raised under or liabilities in respect of any bonds, debentures, notes, note purchase, acceptance or credit facility, or other similar instruments or facilities, (iii) reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any letter of credit, (iv) any other transaction (including production payments (excluding royalties), installment purchase agreements, forward sale or purchase agreements, capitalized leases and conditional sales agreements) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered into by such Person to finance its operations or capital requirements (but not including accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business payable on terms customary in the trade), (v) all net obligations of such Person in respect of interest rate on currency hedges or (vi) any Guaranty of any such Debt. 
 
 Deemed Collections has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(d) . 
 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this 

Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of an Insolvency Proceeding. 
 
 Default Ratio means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1 100 of 1 , with 5 1000th of 1 rounded upward) computed as of the last day of each Fiscal Month by dividing (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables that became Defaulted Receivables during such Fiscal Month, by (b) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables generated by the Originators during the month that is six (6) Fiscal Months before such Fiscal Month. 
 
 Defaulted Receivable means a Receivable 
 
 (a) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for one hundred fifty one (151) calendar days or more from the original due date for such payment 
 
 (b) without duplication, as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for less than or equal to one hundred fifty one (151) calendar days from the original due date for such payment and, consistent with the Credit and Collection Procedures, is or should be written off the applicable Originator s or the Borrower s books as uncollectible or 
 
 (c) without duplication, as to which an Insolvency Proceeding shall have occurred with respect to the Obligor thereof or any other Person obligated thereon or owning any Related Security with respect thereto 
 
 provided , however , that in each case above such amount shall be calculated without giving effect to any netting of credits that have not been matched to a particular Receivable for the purposes of aged trial balance reporting. 
 
 Delaware LLC Act means Chapter 18 of the Delaware Limited Liability Act, 6 Del. C. 18-101 et seq., as amended. 
 
 Delinquency Ratio means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1 100 of 1 , with 5 1000th of 1 rounded upward) computed as of the last day of each Fiscal Month by dividing (a) the sum of (I) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables that were Delinquent Receivables on such day, plus (II) the aggregate amount of Deemed Collections as of such date with respect to such Delinquent Receivables, by (b) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables on such day. 

Delinquent Receivable means a Receivable as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for one hundred twenty one (121) calendar days or more from the original due date for such payment provided , however , that such amount shall be calculated without giving effect to any netting of credits that have not been matched to a particular Receivable for the purposes of aged trial balance reporting. 
 
 Dilution Horizon Ratio means, for any Fiscal Month, the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1 100th of 1 , with 5 1000th of 1 rounded upward) computed as of the last day of such Fiscal Month by dividing (a) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables generated by the Originators during such Fiscal Month, by (b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance as of the last day of such Fiscal Month. Within thirty (30) calendar days of the completion and the receipt by the Administrative Agent of the results of any annual audit or field exam of the Receivables and the servicing and origination practices of the Servicer and the Originators, the numerator of the Dilution Horizon Ratio may be adjusted by the Administrative Agent upon not less than five (5) Business Days notice to the Borrower to reflect such number of Fiscal Months as the Administrative Agent reasonably believes best reflects the business practices of the Servicer and the Originators and the actual amount of dilution and Deemed Collections that occur with respect to Pool Receivables based on the weighted average dilution lag calculation completed as part of such audit or field exam. 
 
 Dilution Ratio means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1 100th of 1 , with 5 1000th of 1 rounded upward), computed as of the last day of each Fiscal Month by dividing (a) the aggregate amount of Deemed Collections during such Fiscal Month, by (b) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables generated by the Originators during the prior Fiscal Month. 
 
 Dilution Reserve Percentage means, on any day, the product of (a) the Dilution Horizon Ratio multiplied by (b) the sum of (i) 2.25 times the average of the Dilution Ratios for the twelve (12) most recent Fiscal Months and (ii) the Dilution Volatility Component. 
 
 Dilution Volatility Component means, for any Fiscal Month, the product (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1 100 of 1 , with 5 1000th of 1 rounded upward) of (a) the positive difference, if any, between (i) the highest Dilution Ratio for any Fiscal Month during the twelve (12) most recent Fiscal Months and (ii) the arithmetic average of the Dilution Ratios for such twelve (12) Fiscal Months times (b) the quotient of (i) the highest Dilution Ratio for any Fiscal Month during the twelve (12) most recent consecutive Fiscal Months divided by (ii) the arithmetic average of the Dilution Ratios for such twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months. 
 
 Division Transaction shall mean, with respect to any Person that is a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, that any such Person (a) divides into two or more Persons or (b) creates or otherwise reorganizes into one or more series, in each case, as contemplated under the laws of the State of Delaware, including without limitation, Section 18-217 of the Delaware LLC Act. 
 
 Dollars and each mean the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

Eligible Assignee means (i) any Committed Lender or any of its Affiliates, (ii) any Person managed by a Committed Lender or any of its Affiliates and (iii) any other financial or other institution. 
 
 Eligible Foreign Obligor an Obligor that is a corporation or other business organization that is organized in or that has a head office (domicile), registered office, and chief executive office located in a country other than (x) the United States or (y) a Sanctioned Country. 
 
 Eligible In-Transit Receivable means, at any time, any In-Transit Receivable if (a) the related goods have been shipped not more than thirty (30) calendar days prior to such date, (b) the related Originator has not pledged inventory as collateral for any Debt and (c) no inventory of such Originator is encumbered in any way. 
 
 Eligible Receivable means, at any time of determination, a Pool Receivable 
 
 (a) the Obligor of which is (i) either a U.S. Obligor or an Eligible Foreign Obligor (ii) not a Sanctioned Person (iii) not subject to any Insolvency Proceeding (iv) not an Affiliate of the Borrower, the Servicer, the Parent or any Originator (v) not the Obligor with respect to Delinquent Receivables with an aggregate Outstanding Balance exceeding fifty percent (50 of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all such Obligor s Pool Receivables (vi) not a natural person and (vii) not a material supplier to any Originator or an Affiliate of a material supplier 
 
 (b) for which an Insolvency Proceeding shall not have occurred with respect to the Obligor thereof or any other Person obligated thereon or owning any Related Security with respect thereto 
 
 (c) that is denominated and payable only in Dollars in the United States of America, and the Obligor with respect to which has been instructed to remit Collections in respect thereof directly to a Lock-Box or Collection Account in the United States of America 
 
 (d) that does not have a due date which is more than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the original invoice date of such Receivable 
 
 (e) that arises under a Contract for the sale of goods or services on an arm s-length basis in the ordinary course of the applicable Originator s business 
 
 (f) that arises under a duly authorized Contract that is in full force and effect and that is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law 
 
 (g) that has been transferred by an Originator to the Borrower pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement with respect to which transfer all conditions precedent under the Purchase and Sale Agreement have been met 

(h) that, together with the Contract related thereto, conforms in all material respects with all Applicable Laws (including any Applicable Laws relating to usury, truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy) 
 
 (i) with respect to which all consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations or declarations with or notices to, any Governmental Authority or other Person required to be obtained, effected or given by an Originator in connection with the creation of such Receivable, the execution, delivery and performance by such Originator of the related Contract or the assignment thereof under the Purchase and Sale Agreement have been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect 
 
 (j) that is not subject to any existing dispute, litigation, right of rescission, set-off (including, customer deposits, advance payments (including payments related to unearned revenues), etc.), counterclaim, hold back defense, any other defense against the applicable Originator (or any assignee of such Originator) or Adverse Claim, and the Obligor of which holds no right as against the applicable Originator to cause such Originator to repurchase the goods or merchandise, the sale of which shall have given rise to such Receivable 
 
 (k) that satisfies all applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Procedures 
 
 (l) that, together with the Contract related thereto, has not been modified, waived or restructured since its creation, except as permitted pursuant to Section 8.02(a) of this Agreement 
 
 (m) in which the Borrower owns good and marketable title, free and clear of any Adverse Claims, and that is freely assignable (including without any consent of the related Obligor or any Governmental Authority) 
 
 (n) for which the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) shall have a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest therein and in the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim 
 
 (o) that (x) constitutes an account or general intangible (as defined in the UCC), (y) is not evidenced by instruments or chattel paper and (z) does not constitute, or arise from the sale of, as extracted collateral (as defined in the UCC) 
 
 (p) that is neither a Defaulted Receivable nor a Delinquent Receivable 
 
 (q) for which no Originator, the Borrower, the Parent or the Servicer has established any offset or netting arrangements with the related Obligor in connection with the ordinary course of payment of such Receivable 

(r) that, other than for Eligible In-Transit Receivables, represents amounts earned and payable by the Obligor that are not subject to the performance of additional services by the Originator thereof or by the Borrower and the related goods or merchandise shall have been shipped and or services performed provided , that if such Receivable is subject to the performance of additional services, only the portion of such Receivables attributable to such additional services shall be excluded 
 
 (s) which (i) does not arise from a sale of accounts made as part of a sale of a business or constitute an assignment for the purpose of collection only, (ii) is not a transfer of a single account made in whole or partial satisfaction of a preexisting indebtedness or an assignment of a right to payment under a contract to an assignee that is also obligated to perform under the contract and (iii) is not a transfer of an interest in or an assignment of a claim under a policy of insurance 
 
 (t) which does not relate to the sale of any consigned goods or finished goods which have incorporated any consigned goods into such finished goods 
 
 (u) that, other than for Eligible In-Transit Receivables, represents amounts that have been recognized as revenue by the applicable Originator on its financial books and records under GAAP and 
 
 (v) that, if such Receivable is an In-Transit Receivable, is an Eligible In-Transit Receivable. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and any rule or regulation issued thereunder. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, trade or business which together with the Person is a member of a controlled group of corporations or a controlled group of trades or businesses and would be deemed a single employer within the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c), (m) of the Code or Section 4001(b) of ERISA. 
 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 10.11(a) . 
 
 Erroneous Payment Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 10.11(b) . 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 9.01 . For the avoidance of doubt, any Event of Default that occurs shall be deemed to be continuing at all times thereafter unless and until waived in accordance with Section 13.01 . 
 
 Excess Concentration means the sum of the following amounts, without duplication 
 
 (a) the sum of the amounts calculated for each of the Obligors equal to the excess (if any) of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Eligible Receivables of such Obligor, over (ii) the product of (x) such Obligor s Concentration Percentage, multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool plus 

(b) the excess (if any) of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables, the Obligors of which are Eligible Foreign Obligors, over (ii) the product of (x) one and one half percent (1.50 ), multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool plus 
 
 (c) the excess (if any) of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables as to which any payment, or part thereof, remain unpaid for thirty one (31) to sixty (60) calendar days from the original due date for such payment, over (ii) the product of (x) ten percent (10.00 ), multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool plus 
 
 (d) the excess (if any) of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables as to which any payment, or part thereof, remain unpaid for sixty one (61) to ninety (90) calendar days from the original due date for such payment, over (ii) the product of (x) five percent (5.00 ), multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool plus 
 
 (e) the excess (if any) of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables as to which any payment, or part thereof, remain unpaid for ninety one (91) to one hundred twenty (120) calendar days from the original due date for such payment, over (ii) the product of (x) two and one half percent (2.50 ), multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool plus 
 
 (f) the excess (if any) of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables that have a due date which is between ninety one (91) to one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the original invoice date of such Receivable, over (ii) the product of (x) twelve and one half percent (12.50 ), multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool plus 
 
 (g) the excess (if any) of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible In-Transit Receivables, over (ii) the product of (x) one percent (1.00 ), multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool plus 
 
 (h) the excess (if any) of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables, the Obligors of which are the federal government of the United States of America or any political subdivision, department, affiliate, agency or other entity thereof (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include any state or local government body or any political subdivision, department, affiliate, agency or other entity thereof), over (ii) the product of (x) two percent (2.00 ), multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Excluded Obligor means each Obligor listed on Schedule IV , which schedule may be amended, modified, restated, supplemented or replaced from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents. 
 
 Excluded Receivable means any Receivable, the Obligor of which is an Excluded Obligor. 
 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to an Affected Person or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to an Affected Person (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Affected Person being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in the Loans or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender makes a Loan or its Commitment or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office and (c) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 
 Facility Limit means two hundred fifty million dollars 250,000,000) as reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.02(e) . References to the unused portion of the Facility Limit shall mean, at any time of determination, an amount equal to (a) the Facility Limit at such time, minus (b) the Aggregate Capital. 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof. 
 
 FCX has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(h) . 
 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or any entity succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 
 Fee Letter has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a) . 
 
 Fees has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a) . 
 
 Final Maturity Date means the date that (i) is thirty (30) calendar days following the Scheduled Termination Date or (ii) such earlier date on which the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 9.01 . 
 
 Final Payout Date means the date on or after the Termination Date when (i) the Aggregate Capital and Aggregate Interest have been paid in full, (ii) all Borrower Obligations shall have been paid in full, (iii) all other amounts owing to the Credit Parties and any other 

Borrower Indemnified Party or Affected Person hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents have been paid in full and (iv) all accrued Servicing Fees have been paid in full. 
 
 Financial Officer of any Person means, the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer, the principal accounting officer, the controller, the treasurer or the assistant treasurer of such Person. 
 
 Fiscal Month means each calendar month. 
 
 Fitch means Fitch, Inc. and any successor thereto that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 
 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to zero percent (0 per annum. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, consistently applied. 
 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 
 Group means, (i) for any Conduit Lender, such Conduit Lender, together with such Conduit Lender s Related Committed Lenders and related Group Agent, (ii) for PNC, PNC as a Committed Lender and as a Group Agent, (iii) for any other Lender that does not have a Related Conduit Lender, such Lender, together with such Lender s related Group Agent and each other Lender for which such Group Agent acts as a Group Agent hereunder. 
 
 Group A Obligor means any Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is not rated) with a short-term rating of at least (a) A-1 by S&P, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from S&P, a rating of A+ or better by S&P on such Obligor s, its parent s, or its majority owner s (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P 1 by Moody s, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moody s, Al or better by Moody s on such Obligor s, its parent s or its majority owner s (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities provided , that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is not rated) receives a split rating from S&P and Moody s, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to have the higher rating, and such deemed rating shall be used for the purposes of whether such rating satisfies clauses (a) and (b) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Obligor that is a Subsidiary of an Obligor that satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor shall be deemed to be a Group A Obligor and shall be aggregated with the Obligor that satisfies such definition for the purposes of determining the Concentration Reserve Percentage , the Concentration Reserve and clause (i) of the definition of Excess Concentration for such Obligors, unless such deemed Obligor separately satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor , Group B Obligor , or Group C Obligor , in which case such Obligor shall be separately treated as a Group A Obligor, a Group B Obligor or a Group C 

Obligor, as the case may be, and shall be aggregated and combined for such purposes with any of its Subsidiaries that are Obligors. 
 
 Group Agent means each Person acting as agent on behalf of a Group and designated as the Group Agent for such Group on the signature pages to this Agreement or any other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement as a Group Agent for any Group pursuant to an Assumption Agreement, an Assignment and Acceptance Agreement or otherwise in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Group Agent s Account means, with respect to any Group, the account(s) from time to time designated in writing by the applicable Group Agent to the Borrower and the Servicer for purposes of receiving payments to or for the account of the members of such Group hereunder. 
 
 Group B Obligor means an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is not rated) that is not a Group A Obligor, with a short-term rating of at least (a) A-2 by S&P, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from S&P, a rating of BBB+ to A by S&P on such Obligor s, its parent s or its majority owner s (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P 2 by Moody s, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moody s, Baal to A2 by Moody s on such Obligor s, its parent s or its majority owner s (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities provided , that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is not rated) receives a split rating from S&P and Moody s, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to have the higher rating, and such deemed rating shall be used for the purposes of whether such rating satisfies clauses (a) and (b) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Obligor that is a Subsidiary of an Obligor that satisfies the definition of Group B Obligor shall be deemed to be a Group B Obligor and shall be aggregated with the Obligor that satisfies such definition for the purposes of determining the Concentration Reserve Percentage , the Concentration Reserve and clause (i) of the definition of Excess Concentration for such Obligors, unless such deemed Obligor separately satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor , Group B Obligor , or Group C Obligor , in which case such Obligor shall be separately treated as a Group A Obligor, a Group B Obligor or a Group C Obligor, as the case may be, and shall be aggregated and combined for such purposes with any of its Subsidiaries that are Obligors. 
 
 Group C Obligor means an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is not rated) that is not a Group A Obligor or a Group B Obligor, with a short-term rating of at least (a) A-3 by S&P, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from S&P, a rating of BBB- to BBB by S&P on such Obligor s, its parent s or its majority owner s (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P 3 by Moody s, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moody s, Baa3 to Baa2 by Moody s on such Obligor s, its parent s or its majority owner s (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities provided , that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is not rated) receives a split rating from S&P and Moody s, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to have the higher rating, and such deemed rating shall be used for the purposes of whether such rating satisfies clauses (a) and (b) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Obligor that is a Subsidiary of an Obligor that satisfies the definition of Group C Obligor shall be deemed to be a Group C Obligor and shall be aggregated with the Obligor that 

satisfies such definition for the purposes of determining the Concentration Reserve Percentage , the Concentration Reserve and clause (i) of the definition of Excess Concentration for such Obligors, unless such deemed Obligor separately satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor , Group B Obligor , or Group C Obligor , in which case such Obligor shall be separately treated as a Group A Obligor, a Group B Obligor or a Group C Obligor, as the case may be, and shall be aggregated and combined for such purposes with any of its Subsidiaries that are Obligors. 
 
 Group Commitment means, with respect to any Group, at any time of determination, the aggregate Commitments of all Committed Lenders within such Group. 
 
 Group D Obligor means any Obligor that is not a Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or Group C Obligor provided , that any Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is unrated) that is not rated by both Moody s and S&P shall be a Group D Obligor. 
 
 Guaranty of any Person means any obligation of such Person guarantying or in effect guarantying any Debt, liability or obligation of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any such liability arising by virtue of partnership agreements, including any agreement to indemnify or hold harmless any other Person, any performance bond or other surety ship arrangement and any other form of assurance against loss, except endorsement of negotiable or other instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates under any Transaction Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) above, Other Taxes. 
 
 Independent Director has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(c) . 
 
 Information Package means a report, in substantially the form of Exhibit F . 
 
 Insolvency Proceeding means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors of a Person, composition, marshaling of assets for creditors of a Person, or other, similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors, in each of clauses (a) and (b) undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 Intended Tax Treatment has the meaning set forth in Section 13.14 . 
 
 Interest means, for each Loan for any day during any Interest Period (or portion thereof), the amount of interest accrued on the Capital of such Loan during such Interest Period (or portion thereof) in accordance with Section 2.03(b) . 
 
 Interest Period means, with respect to each Loan, (a) before the Termination Date (i) initially, the period commencing on the date such Loan is made pursuant to Section 2.01 (or in the case of any fees payable hereunder, commencing on the Closing Date) and ending on (but not including) the next Monthly Settlement Date and (ii) thereafter, each period commencing on 

such Monthly Settlement Date and ending on (but not including) the next Monthly Settlement Date and (b) on and after the Termination Date, such period (including a period of one day) as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent (with the consent or at the direction of the Majority Group Agents) or, in the absence of any such selection, each period of thirty (30) calendar days from the last day of the preceding Interest Period. 
 
 Interest Rate means, for any day in any Interest Period for any Loan (or any portion of Capital thereof) 
 
 (a) if such Loan (or such portion of Capital thereof) is being funded by a Conduit Lender on such day through the issuance of Notes, the applicable CP Rate or 
 
 (b) if such Loan (or such portion of Capital thereof) is being funded by any Lender on such day other than through the issuance of Notes (including, without limitation, if a Conduit Lender is then funding such Loan (or such portion of Capital thereof) under a Program Support Agreement, or if a Committed Lender is then funding such Loan (or such portion of Capital thereof)), then the Daily One Month SOFR Rate or Term SOFR Rate, as determined pursuant to Section 2.05 , provided , however , that the Interest Rate applicable to any Loan that is not advanced on a Monthly Settlement Date shall be the Daily One Month SOFR Rate for each day during the initial Interest Period applicable to such Loan from the date such Loan is made pursuant to Section 2.01 until the next occurring Monthly Settlement Date. 
 
 provided , however , that the Interest Rate for each Loan and any day while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing shall be an interest rate per annum equal the sum of two and a half percent (2.50) per annum plus the greater of (i) the interest rate per annum determined for such Loan and such day pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above, as applicable, and (ii) the Base Rate in effect on such day provided , further , that no provision of this Agreement shall require the payment or permit the collection of Interest in excess of the maximum permitted by Applicable Law provided , further , however , that Interest for any Loan shall not be considered paid by any distribution to the extent that at any time all or a portion of such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason. 
 
 Interim Report means a report, in substantially the form of Exhibit I . 
 
 In-Transit Receivable means, at any time, any Receivable arising in connection with the sale of any goods or merchandise that as of such time, have been shipped but not delivered to the related Obligor. 
 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Lenders means the Conduit Lenders and the Committed Lenders. 
 
 Leverage Ratio shall have the same meaning attributed to such term in the Credit Agreement. 

Linked Account means any deposit account which is or could be linked to a Collection Account by a controlled balance arrangement. 
 
 Liquidity Agent means any bank or other financial institution acting as agent for the various Liquidity Providers under each Liquidity Agreement. 
 
 Liquidity Agreement means any agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement pursuant to which a Liquidity Provider agrees to make purchases or advances to, or purchase assets from, any Conduit Lender in order to provide liquidity for such Conduit Lender s Loans. 
 
 Liquidity Provider means each bank or other financial institution that provides liquidity support to any Conduit Lender pursuant to the terms of a Liquidity Agreement. 
 
 Loan means any loan made by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01 . 
 
 Loan Request means a letter in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto executed and delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Group Agents pursuant to Section 2.02(a) . 
 
 Lock-Box means each locked postal box with respect to which a Collection Account Bank has executed an Account Control Agreement pursuant to which it has been granted exclusive access for the purpose of retrieving and processing payments made on the Receivables and which is listed on Schedule II (as such schedule may be modified from time to time in connection with the addition or removal of any Lock-Box in accordance with the terms hereof). 
 
 Loss Horizon Ratio means, for any Fiscal Month, the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1 100 of 1 , with 5 1000th of 1 rounded upward) computed, as of the last day of such Fiscal Month, by dividing (a) the sum of (i) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables generated by the Originators during the three (3) most recent Fiscal Months, plus (ii) the product of (x) the sum of the Loss Horizon Terms Component, plus seventeen and one half percent (17.50 ), and (y) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables originated by the Originators during the fourth (4th) most recent Fiscal Month by (b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance as of such date. 
 
 Loss Horizon Terms Component means (a) the Weighted Average Credit Terms of the most recent Fiscal Month minus thirty (30) divided by (b) thirty (30). 
 
 Loss Reserve Percentage means, at any time of determination, the product of (a) 2.25, times (b) the highest average of the Default Ratios for any three consecutive Fiscal Months during the twelve (12) most recent Fiscal Months, times (c) the Loss Horizon Ratio. 
 
 Majority Group Agents means one or more Group Agents which in its Group, or their combined Groups, as the case may be, have Committed Lenders representing more than fifty percent (50 of the aggregate Commitments of all Committed Lenders in all Groups (or, if the Commitments have been terminated, have Lenders representing more than fifty percent (50 of the aggregate outstanding Capital held by all the Lenders in all Groups) provided , however , that 

in no event shall the Majority Group Agents include fewer than two (2) Group Agents at any time when there are two (2) or more Groups. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means relative to any Person (provided that if no particular Person is specified, Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to be relative to the Borrower, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor and the Originators, individually and in the aggregate) with respect to any event or circumstance, a material adverse effect on any of the following 
 
 (a) the assets, operations, business or financial condition of such Person 
 
 (b) the ability of such Person to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party 
 
 (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or the validity, enforceability, value or collectibility of any material portion of the Pool Receivables 
 
 (d) the status, perfection, enforceability or priority of the Administrative Agent s security interest in the Collateral or 
 
 (e) the rights and remedies of any Credit Party under the Transaction Documents or associated with its respective interest in the Collateral. 
 
 Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage means, on any day, the product (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1 100 of 1 , with 5 1000th of 1 rounded upward) of (a) the average of the Dilution Ratios for the twelve (12) most recent Fiscal Months, multiplied by (b) the Dilution Horizon Ratio. 
 
 Minimum Funding Threshold means an amount equal to the lesser of (a)(i) beginning on the Closing Date until (but not including) June 25, 2021, zero percent (0 and (ii) on and after June 25, 2021, seventy five percent (75 of the Facility Limit and (b) the Borrowing Base. 
 
 Monthly Settlement Date means the twenty-fifth (25th) calendar day of each calendar month (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next occurring Business Day). 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower, the Servicer, any Originator, the Parent or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates (other than one considered an ERISA Affiliate only pursuant to subsection (m) or (o) of Section 414 of the Code) is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions. 
 
 Net Receivables Pool Balance means, at any time of determination (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool, minus (b) the Excess Concentration. 

Notes means short-term promissory notes issued, or to be issued, by any Conduit Lender to fund its investments in accounts receivable or other financial assets. 
 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 
 Obligor means, with respect to any Receivable, the Person obligated to make payments pursuant to the Contract relating to such Receivable. 
 
 Obligor Percentage means, at any time of determination, for each Obligor, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Eligible Receivables of such Obligor less the amount (if any) then included in the calculation of the Excess Concentration with respect to such Obligor and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time. 
 
 OFAC means the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 
 Originator and Originators have the meaning set forth in the Purchase and Sale Agreement, as the same may be modified from time to time by adding new Originators or removing Originators, in each case with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Affected Person, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Affected Person and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Affected Person having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Transaction Document). 
 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp or documentary Taxes or any other excise or property Taxes, charges or similar levies or fees arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery, filing, recording or enforcement of, or otherwise in respect of, this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the other documents or agreements to be delivered hereunder or thereunder. 
 
 Outstanding Balance means, at any time of determination, with respect to any Receivable, the then outstanding principal balance thereof. 
 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by the NYFRB (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Administrative Agent for the purpose of displaying such rate) provided , that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day provided , further , that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such time shall be a comparable replacement rate determined by the Administrative Agent at such 

time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Borrower. 
 
 Parent means Applied Industrial. 
 
 Parent Group has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(c) . 
 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 13.03(e) . 
 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.03(f) . 
 
 PATRIOT Act has the meaning set forth in Section 13.15 . 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Pension Plan means a pension plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA that is subject to Title IV of ERISA with respect to which any Originator, the Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group may have any liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 
 Percentage means, at any time of determination, with respect to any Committed Lender, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (a) the numerator of which is (i) prior to the termination of all Commitments hereunder, its Commitment at such time or (ii) if all Commitments hereunder have been terminated, the aggregate outstanding Capital of all Loans being funded by the Lenders in such Committed Lender s Group at such time and (b) the denominator of which is (i) prior to the termination of all Commitments hereunder, the aggregate Commitments of all Committed Lenders at such time or (ii) if all Commitments hereunder have been terminated, the aggregate outstanding Capital of all Loans at such time. 
 
 Performance Guarantor means Applied Industrial. 
 
 Performance Guaranty means the Performance Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, by the Performance Guarantor in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Person means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. 
 
 PNC has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Pool Receivable means a Receivable in the Receivables Pool. 
 
 Portion of Capital means, with respect to any Lender and its related Capital, the portion of such Capital being funded or maintained by such Lender by reference to a particular interest rate basis. 

Program Support Agreement means and includes any Liquidity Agreement and any other agreement entered into by any Program Support Provider providing for (a) the issuance of one or more letters of credit for the account of any Conduit Lender, (b) the issuance of one or more surety bonds for which any Conduit Lender is obligated to reimburse the applicable Program Support Provider for any drawings thereunder, (c) the sale by any Conduit Lender to any Program Support Provider of any Loan (or portions thereof or participation interest therein) maintained by such Conduit Lender and or (d) the making of loans and or other extensions of credit to any Conduit Lender in connection with such Conduit Lender s receivables-securitization program contemplated in this Agreement, together with any letter of credit, surety bond or other instrument issued thereunder. 
 
 Program Support Provider means and includes, with respect to any Conduit Lender, any Liquidity Provider and any other Person (other than any customer of such Conduit Lender) now or hereafter extending credit or having a commitment to extend credit to or for the account of, or to make purchases from, such Conduit Lender pursuant to any Program Support Agreement. 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement means the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Servicer, the Originators and the Borrower, as such agreement may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Purchase and Sale Termination Event has the meaning set forth in the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 
 Rating Agency mean each of S&P, Fitch and Moody s (and or each other rating agency then rating the Notes of any Conduit Lender). 
 
 Receivable means any right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, owed to any Originator or the Borrower (as assignee of an Originator), whether constituting an account, chattel paper, payment intangible, instrument or general intangible, in each instance arising in connection with the sale of goods that have been or are to be sold or for services rendered or to be rendered, and includes, without limitation, the obligation to pay any finance charges, fees and other charges with respect thereto. Any such right to payment arising from any one transaction, including, without limitation, any such right to payment represented by an individual invoice or agreement, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of any such right to payment arising from any other transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Receivable shall not include any Excluded Receivables or any Subject Receivables. 
 
 Receivables Pool means, at any time of determination, all of the then outstanding Receivables transferred (or purported to be transferred) to the Borrower pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement prior to the Termination Date. 
 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.03(c) . 

Related Committed Lender means with respect to any Conduit Lender, each Committed Lender listed as such for each Conduit Lender as set forth on the signature pages of this Agreement or in any Assumption Agreement. 
 
 Related Conduit Lender means, with respect to any Committed Lender, each Conduit Lender which is, or pursuant to any Assignment and Acceptance Agreement or Assumption Agreement or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement becomes, included as a Conduit Lender in such Committed Lender s Group, as designated on its signature page hereto or in such Assignment and Acceptance Agreement, Assumption Agreement or other agreement executed by such Committed Lender, as the case may be. 
 
 Related Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1 of the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 
 Related Security means, with respect to any Receivable 
 
 (a) all of the Borrower s and each Originator s interest in any goods (including returned goods), and documentation of title evidencing the shipment or storage of any goods (including returned goods), the sale of which gave rise to such Receivable 
 
 (b) all instruments and chattel paper that may evidence such Receivable 
 
 (c) all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure payment of such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all UCC financing statements or similar filings relating thereto 
 
 (d) all of the Borrower s and each Originator s rights, interests and claims under the related Contracts and all guaranties, indemnities, insurance and other agreements (including the related Contract) or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivable or otherwise relating to such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise and 
 
 (e) all of the Borrower s rights, interests and claims under the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 
 Release has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a) . 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Reportable Compliance Event means that any Covered Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint or similar charging instrument, arraigned, or custodially detained in connection with any Anti-Terrorism Law or any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism Law, or has knowledge of facts or circumstances to the effect that it 

is reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations is in actual or probable violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 
 Reportable Event means any reportable event as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Pension Plan (other than a Pension Plan maintained by an ERISA Affiliate which is considered an ERISA Affiliate only pursuant to subsection (m) or (o) of Section 414 of the Code). 
 
 Representatives has the meaning set forth in Section 13.06(c) . 
 
 Required Capital Amount means fifteen million dollars 15,000,000). 
 
 Restricted Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(w) . 
 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Rating Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business, and any successor thereto that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 
 
 Sanctioned Country means a country or territory that is the subject or target of a sanctions program maintained under any Anti-Terrorism Law, including any such country identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at http www.treasury.gov resource-center sanctions Programs Pages Programs.aspx, or as otherwise published from time to time. 
 
 Sanctioned Person means (a) a person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC available at https www.treasury.gov resource-center sanctions SDN-List Pages default.aspx, or as otherwise published from time to time, (b) (i) an agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country, (ii) an organization controlled by a Sanctioned Country or (iii) a person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC, or (c) any individual person, group, regime, entity or thing listed or otherwise recognized as a specially designated, prohibited, sanctioned or debarred person, group, regime, entity or thing, or subject to any limitations or prohibitions (including but not limited to the blocking of property or rejection of transactions), under any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 
 Scheduled Termination Date means March 26, 2024. 
 
 SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental agencies substituted therefor. 
 
 Secured Parties means each Credit Party, each Borrower Indemnified Party and each Affected Person. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Servicer has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 
 Servicer Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 12.02(a) . 

Servicer Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 12.02(a) . 
 
 Servicing Fee means the fee referred to in Section 8.06(a) of this Agreement. 
 
 Servicing Fee Rate means the rate referred to in Section 8.06(a) of this Agreement. 
 
 Settlement Date means with respect to any Portion of Capital for any Interest Period or any Interest or Fees, (i) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Termination Date has not occurred, the Monthly Settlement Date and (ii) on and after the Termination Date or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, each day selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent (with the consent or at the direction of the Majority Group Agents) (it being understood that the Administrative Agent (with the consent or at the direction of the Majority Group Agents) may select such Settlement Date to occur as frequently as daily), or, in the absence of such selection, the Monthly Settlement Date. 
 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 
 SOFR Adjustment means a percentage per annum equal to 0.10 . 
 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 
 SOFR Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Person and as of any particular date, (i) the present fair market value (or present fair saleable value) of the assets of such Person is not less than the total amount required to pay the probable liabilities of such Person on its total existing debts and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as they become absolute and matured, (ii) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and commitments as they mature and become due in the normal course of business, (iii) such Person is not incurring debts or liabilities beyond its ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (iv) such Person is not engaged in any business or transaction, and is not about to engage in any business or transaction, for which its property would constitute unreasonably small 

capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which such Person is engaged. 
 
 Structuring Agent means PNC Capital Markets LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 
 Subordinated Note has the meaning set forth in the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 
 Subject Originator means each Person listed on Schedule V , which schedule may be amended, modified, restated, supplemented or replaced from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents. 
 
 Subject Receivable means any receivable, (i) the originator of which is a Subject Originator or (ii) which relates to FCX originated non-trade commission receivables. 
 
 Sub-Servicer has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(d) . 
 
 Subsidiary means, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock of each class or other interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or other interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or other managers of such entity are at the time owned, or management of which is otherwise controlled (a) by such Person, (b) by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or (c) by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority and all interest, penalties, additions to tax and any similar liabilities with respect thereto. 
 
 Term SOFR with respect to any amount to which the Term SOFR Rate applies, for any Interest Period, the interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1 100th of 1 equal to the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the day (the Term SOFR Determination Date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. If the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5 00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the Term SOFR Determination Date, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor on the first Business Day preceding such Term SOFR Determination Date for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published in accordance herewith, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date. If the Term SOFR Rate, determined as provided above, would be less than the Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be the Floor. The Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted automatically without notice to the Borrower on and as of the first day of each Interest Period. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Ltd. (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Term SOFR Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to a Loan to which Term SOFR applies, a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time equal to (a) the SOFR Adjustment plus (b) Term SOFR. 
 
 Term SOFR Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest at the Term SOFR Rate. 
 
 Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (a) the Scheduled Termination Date, (b) the date on which the Termination Date is declared or deemed to have occurred under Section 9.01 and (c) the date selected by the Borrower on which all Commitments have been reduced to zero pursuant to Section 2.02(e) . 
 
 Total Reserves means, at any time of determination, an amount equal to the product of (i) the sum of (a) the Yield Reserve Percentage, plus (b) the greater of (I) the sum of the Concentration Reserve Percentage plus the Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage and (II) the sum of the Loss Reserve Percentage plus the Dilution Reserve Percentage, times (ii) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at such time. 
 
 Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Account Control Agreement(s), the Fee Letter, each Subordinated Note, the Performance Guaranty and all other certificates, instruments, UCC financing statements, reports, notices, agreements and documents executed or delivered under or in connection with this Agreement, in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Transaction Information means any information provided to any Rating Agency, in each case, to the extent related to such Rating Agency providing or proposing to provide a rating of any Notes or monitoring such rating including, without limitation, information in connection with the Borrower, the Originator, the Servicer or the Receivables. 
 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 Unmatured Event of Default means an event that but for notice or lapse of time or both would constitute an Event of Default. 

Unmatured Purchase and Sale Termination Event has the meaning set forth in the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 
 U.S. Obligor means an Obligor that is (a) a corporation or other business organization and is organized under the laws of the United States of America (or of a United States of America territory, district, state, commonwealth, or possession, including, without limitation, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands) or any political subdivision thereof, (b) the federal government of the United States of America or any political subdivision, department, affiliate, agency or other entity thereof, and (c) any state or local government body in the United States of America or any political subdivision, department, affiliate, agency or other entity thereof. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03(f)(ii)(B)(3) . 
 
 Volcker Rule means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Weighted Average Credit Terms means, for any Fiscal Month, the weighted average (weighted based on the Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables) payment terms (computed in days and calculated based on the difference between the original invoice date and the stated due date for payment) of invoices for all Pool Receivables (other than Delinquent Receivables and any Receivable that is excluded based on the application of clause (d) of the definition of Excess Concentration) as of the last day of such Fiscal Month. 
 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 
 Yield Reserve Percentage means at any time of determination 
 
 1.50 x DSO x (BR + SFR) 
 360 
 where 
 BR the Base Rate 
 DSO the Days Sales Outstanding for the most recently ended Fiscal 
 Month and 
 
 SFR the Servicing Fee Rate. 
 
 SECTION 1.02 Other Interpretative Matters. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. All terms used in Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York and not specifically defined herein, are used herein as defined in such Article 9. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all references herein to Article, Section, Schedule , Exhibit or Annex shall mean articles and sections of, and schedules, exhibits and annexes to, this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and all such certificates and other documents, unless the context otherwise requires (a) references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount at the close of business on such day (b) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import refer to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in 

which they are used) as a whole and not to any particular provision of such agreement (or such certificate or document) (c) references to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which the reference is made), and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition (d) the term including means including without limitation (e) references to any Applicable Law refer to that Applicable Law as amended from time to time and include any successor Applicable Law (f) references to any agreement refer to that agreement as from time to time amended, restated or supplemented or as the terms of such agreement are waived or modified in accordance with its terms (g) references to any Person include that Person s permitted successors and assigns (h) headings are for purposes of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof (i) unless otherwise provided, in the calculation of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the term from means from and including , and the terms to and until each means to but excluding (j) terms in one gender include the parallel terms in the neuter and opposite gender (k) references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount at the close of business on such day and (l) the term or is not exclusive. 
 
 SECTION 1.03 Rates. The interest rate on Loans denominated in Dollars may be determined by reference to a benchmark rate that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform or cessation. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Daily One Month SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Daily One Month SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Daily One Month SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Daily One Month SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Group Agent, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. The Administrative Agent will, in keeping with industry practice, continue using its current rounding practices in connection with the Base Rate, the Daily One Month SOFR Rate and the Term SOFR Rate. In connection with the use or administration of Daily One Month SOFR, Term SOFR, or Daily Simple SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective 

without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Daily One Month SOFR, Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR. 

ARTICLE II 
 
 TERMS OF THE LOANS 
 
 SECTION 2.01 Loan Facility Upon a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.02 , and on the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth, the Conduit Lenders, ratably, in accordance with the aggregate of the Commitments of the Related Committed Lenders with respect to each such Conduit Lender, severally and not jointly, may, in their sole discretion, make Loans to the Borrower on a revolving basis, and if and to the extent any Conduit Lender does not make any such requested Loan or if any Group does not include a Conduit Lender, the Related Committed Lender(s) for such Conduit Lender or the Committed Lender for such Group, as the case may be, shall, ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments, severally and not jointly, make such Loans to the Borrower, in either case, from time to time during the period from the Closing Date to the Termination Date. Under no circumstances shall any Lender be obligated to make any such Loan if, after giving effect to such Loan 
 
 (a) the Aggregate Capital would exceed the Facility Limit at such time 
 
 (b) the sum of (A) the Capital of such Lender, plus (B) the aggregate outstanding Capital of each other Lender in its Group, would exceed the Group Commitment of such Lender s Group 
 
 (c) if such Lender is a Committed Lender, the aggregate outstanding Capital of such Committed Lender would exceed its Commitment or 
 
 (d) the Aggregate Capital would exceed the Borrowing Base at such time. 
 
 SECTION 2.02 Making Loans Repayment of Loans 
 . 
 (a) Each Loan hereunder shall be made on at least one (1) Business Day s prior written request from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent in the form of a Loan Request attached hereto as Exhibit A . Each such request for a Loan shall be made no later than 1 00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day it being understood that any such request made after such time shall be deemed to have been made on the following Business Day) and shall specify (i) the amount of the Loan(s) requested (which shall not be less than one million dollars 1,000,000) and shall be an integral multiple of one hundred thousand dollars 100,000)), (ii) the allocation of such amount among the Groups (which shall be ratable based on the Group Commitments), (iii) the account to which the proceeds of such Loan shall be distributed and (iv) the date such requested Loan is to be made (which shall be a Business Day). 
 
 (b) On the date of each Loan specified in the applicable Loan Request, the Lenders shall, upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Article V and 

pursuant to the other conditions set forth in this Article II , make available to the Borrower in same day funds an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such Loans requested, at the account set forth in the related Loan Request. 
 
 (c) Each Committed Lender s obligation shall be several, such that the failure of any Committed Lender to make available to the Borrower any funds in connection with any Loan shall not relieve any other Committed Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make funds available on the date such Loans are requested it being understood , that no Committed Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Committed Lender (other than a Committed Lender in its Group) to make funds available to the Borrower in connection with any Loan hereunder). 
 
 (d) The Borrower shall repay in full the outstanding Capital of each Lender on the Final Maturity Date. Prior thereto, the Borrower shall, on each Settlement Date, make a prepayment of the outstanding Capital of the Lenders to the extent required under Section 3.01 and otherwise in accordance therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower, in its discretion, shall have the right to make a prepayment, in whole or in part, of the outstanding Capital of the Lenders on any Business Day upon one (1) Business Day s prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent in the form of a Reduction Notice attached hereto as Exhibit B provided , however , that (i) each such prepayment shall be in a minimum aggregate amount of one hundred thousand dollars 100,000) and shall be an integral multiple of one hundred thousand dollars 100,000) provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, a prepayment may be in an amount necessary to reduce any Borrowing Base Deficit existing at such time or the outstanding Capital of the Lenders to zero 0), and (ii) any accrued Interest and Fees in respect of such prepaid Capital shall be paid on the immediately following Settlement Date provided , further , that the Borrower shall not provide any Reduction Notice, and no such Reduction Notice shall be effective, if after giving effect thereto, the Aggregate Capital at such time would be less than the Minimum Funding Threshold. 
 
 (e) The Borrower may, at any time upon at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent, terminate the Facility Limit in whole or ratably reduce the Facility Limit in part. Each partial reduction in the Facility Limit shall be in a minimum aggregate amount of five million dollars 5,000,000) or integral multiples of one million dollars 1,000,000) in excess thereof, and no such partial reduction shall reduce the Facility Limit to an amount less than one hundred million dollars 100,000,000). In connection with any partial reduction in the Facility Limit, the Commitment of each Committed Lender shall be ratably reduced. 
 
 (f) In connection with any reduction of the Commitments, the Borrower shall remit to the Administrative Agent (i) instructions regarding such reduction and (ii) for payment to the Lenders, cash in an amount sufficient to pay (A) Capital of Lenders in each Group in excess of the Group Commitment of such Group and (B) all other outstanding Borrower Obligations with respect to such reduction (determined based on the ratio of the reduction of the Commitments being effected to the amount of the Commitments prior to such reduction or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that any portion of the outstanding Borrower Obligations is allocable solely to that portion of the Commitments being reduced or has arisen solely as a result of such 

reduction, all of such portion) including, without duplication, any associated Breakage Fees. Upon receipt of any such amounts, the Administrative Agent shall apply such amounts first to the reduction of the outstanding Capital, and second to the payment of the remaining outstanding Borrower Obligations with respect to such reduction, including any Breakage Fees, by paying such amounts to the Lenders. 
 
 (g) The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees from time to time to request Loans pursuant to Section 2.02(a) in amounts and at such times such that the Aggregate Capital at all times is no less than the Minimum Funding Threshold at such time it being understood and agreed that each Credit Extension pursuant to this Agreement is subject to the applicable conditions set forth in Article V and the other conditions set forth in this Article II . 
 
 SECTION 2.03 Interest and Fees 
 
 (a) On each Settlement Date, the Borrower shall, in accordance with the terms and priorities for payment set forth in Section 3.01 , pay to each Group Agent, each Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Structuring Agent certain fees (collectively, the Fees in the amounts set forth in the fee letter agreements from time to time entered into, among the Borrower, the members of the applicable Group (or their Group Agent on their behalf) and or the Administrative Agent (each such fee letter agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, collectively being referred to herein as the Fee Letter ). Undrawn Fees (as defined in the Fee Letter) shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender as provided in Section 2.06 . 
 
 (b) Each Loan of each Lender and the Capital thereof shall accrue interest on each day when such Capital remains outstanding at the then applicable Interest Rate for such Loan. The Borrower shall pay all Interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Interest accrued on Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loans or Term SOFR Rate Loans during an Interest Period), Fees and Breakage Fees accrued during each Interest Period on each Settlement Date in accordance with the terms and priorities for payment set forth in Section 3.01 . 
 
 SECTION 2.04 Records of Loans . Each Group Agent shall record in its records, the date and amount of each Loan made by the Lenders in its Group hereunder, the interest rate with respect thereto, the Interest accrued thereon and each repayment and payment thereof. Subject to Section 13.03(c) , such records shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. The failure to so record any such information or any error in so recording any such information shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents to repay the Capital of each Lender, together with all Interest accruing thereon and all other Borrower Obligations. 
 
 SECTION 2.05 Selection of Interest Rates 
 
 (a) The Borrower shall have the right to select from the following types of Interest Rate applicable to the Loans 

(i) Base Rate Option A fluctuating rate per annum (computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed) equal to the Base Rate, such interest rate to change automatically from time to time effective as of the effective date of each change in the Base Rate 
 
 (ii) Daily One Month SOFR Rate Option A rate per annum (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) equal to the Daily One Month SOFR Rate as determined for each applicable Interest Period or 
 
 (iii) Term SOFR Rate Option . A rate per annum (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) equal to the Term SOFR Rate as determined for each applicable Interest Period. 
 
 (b) So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may from time to time elect to change or continue the type of Interest Rate borne by each Loan or, subject to the minimum amount requirement for each outstanding Loan set forth in Section 2.02 , a portion thereof by notice to the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time), one (1) Business Day prior to the expiration of the applicable Interest Period, as applicable provided , that there shall not be more than three (3) Borrowing Tranches outstanding hereunder at any one time provided , further that for the avoidance of doubt, any change to the Interest Rate applicable to a Loan shall not be effective until the Monthly Settlement Date occurring after the date of such request. Any such notices requesting the continuation or conversion of a Loan to the Administrative Agent may be given by telephone, telecopy, or other telecommunication device acceptable to the Administrative Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable once given and, if by telephone, shall be promptly confirmed in writing in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 
 (c) If, by the time required in Section 2.05(a) , the Borrower fails to select an Interest Rate for any Borrowing Tranche of Loans, such Loans shall automatically accrue Interest at the Daily One Month SOFR Rate for the next occurring Interest Period. 
 
 SECTION 2.06 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 
 (a) Undrawn Fees (as defined in the Fee Letter) shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender. 
 
 (b) The Commitment and Capital of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Majority Group Agents have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 13.01 provided , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 13.01 , this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby (if such Lender is directly affected thereby). 

(c) In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Servicer each agrees in writing that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Pro Rata Percentage provided , that no adjustments shall be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender, and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. 

ARTICLE III 
 
 SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES AND PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
 
 SECTION 3.01 Settlement Procedures 
 
 (a) The Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties (or, if so requested by the Administrative Agent, segregate in a separate account approved by the Administrative Agent, which shall be an account maintained and controlled by the Administrative Agent unless the Administrative Agent otherwise instructs in its sole discretion), for application in accordance with the priority of payments set forth below, all Collections on Pool Receivables that are received by the Servicer or the Borrower or received in any Lock-Box or Collection Account provided , however , that so long as each of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.03 are satisfied on such date, the Servicer may release to the Borrower from such Collections the amount (if any) necessary to pay (i) the purchase price for Receivables purchased by the Borrower on such date in accordance with the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement or (ii) amounts owing by the Borrower to the Originators under the Subordinated Notes (each such release, a Release ). On each Settlement Date, the Servicer (or, following its assumption of control of the Collection Accounts, the Administrative Agent) shall, distribute such Collections in the following order of priority 
 
 (i) first , to the Servicer for the payment of the accrued Servicing Fees payable for the immediately preceding Interest Period plus , if applicable, the amount of Servicing Fees payable for any prior Interest Period to the extent such amount has not been distributed to the Servicer) 
 
 (ii) second , to each Lender and other Credit Party (ratably, based on the amount then due and owing), all accrued and unpaid Interest, Fees and Breakage Fees due to such Lender and other Credit Party for the immediately preceding Interest Period (including any additional amounts or indemnified amounts payable under Sections 4.03 and 12.01 in respect of such payments), plus , if applicable, the amount of any such Interest, Fees and Breakage Fees (including any additional amounts or indemnified amounts payable under Sections 4.03 and 12.01 in respect of such payments) payable for any prior Interest Period to the extent such amount has not been distributed to such Lender or Credit Party 

(iii) third , as set forth in clause (A) , (B) or (C) below, as applicable 
 
 (A) prior to the occurrence of the Termination Date, to the extent that a Borrowing Base Deficit exists on such date or the Aggregate Capital on such date exceeds the Facility Limit, to the Lenders (ratably, based on the aggregate outstanding Capital of each Lender at such time) for the payment of a portion of the outstanding Aggregate Capital at such time, in an aggregate amount equal to the amount necessary to reduce the Borrowing Base Deficit to zero 0) or the amount necessary to reduce the Aggregate Capital to an amount equal to or less than the Facility Limit, as applicable 
 
 (B) on and after the occurrence of the Termination Date, to each Lender (ratably, based on the aggregate outstanding Capital of each Lender at such time) for the payment in full of the aggregate outstanding Capital of such Lender at such time or 
 
 (C) prior to the occurrence of the Termination Date, at the election of the Borrower from time to time and in accordance with Section 2.02(d) , to the payment of all or any portion of the outstanding Capital of the Lenders at such time (ratably, based on the aggregate outstanding Capital of each Lender at such time) 
 
 (iv) fourth , to the Credit Parties, the Affected Persons and the Borrower Indemnified Parties (ratably, based on the amount due and owing at such time), for the payment of all other Borrower Obligations then due and owing by the Borrower to the Credit Parties, the Affected Persons and the Borrower Indemnified Parties and 
 
 (v) fifth , the balance, if any, to be paid to the Borrower for its own account. 
 
 (b) All payments or distributions to be made by the Servicer, the Borrower and any other Person to the Lenders (or their respective related Affected Persons and the Borrower Indemnified Parties) shall be paid or distributed to the related Group Agent at its Group Agent s Account. Each Group Agent, upon its receipt in the applicable Group Agent s Account of any such payments or distributions, shall distribute such amounts to the applicable Lenders, Affected Persons and the Borrower Indemnified Parties within its Group ratably provided that if such Group Agent shall have received insufficient funds to pay all of the above amounts in full on any such date, such Group Agent shall pay such amounts to the applicable Lenders, Affected Persons and the Borrower Indemnified Parties within its Group in accordance with the priority of payments set forth above, and with respect to any such category above for which there are insufficient funds to pay all amounts owing on such date, ratably (based on the amounts in such categories owing to each such Person in such Group) among all such Persons in such Group entitled to payment thereof. 

(c) If and to the extent the Administrative Agent, any Credit Party, any Affected Person or any Borrower Indemnified Party shall be required for any reason to pay over to any Person any amount received on its behalf hereunder, such amount shall be deemed not to have been so received but rather to have been retained by the Borrower and, accordingly, the Administrative Agent, such Credit Party, such Affected Person or such Borrower Indemnified Party, as the case may be, shall have a claim against the Borrower for such amount. 
 
 (d) For the purposes of this Section 3.01 
 
 (i) If, on any day, the Outstanding Balance of any Pool Receivable is reduced or adjusted as a result of any defective, rejected, returned, repossessed or foreclosed goods or services, or any revision, cancellation, allowance, rebate, credit memo, discount or other adjustment made by the Borrower, any Originator, the Servicer or any Affiliate of the Servicer, or any setoff, counterclaim or dispute between the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower, an Originator or any Affiliate of an Originator, or the Servicer or any Affiliate of the Servicer, and an Obligor, the Borrower shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Receivable in the amount of such reduction or adjustment and shall immediately pay any and all such amounts in respect thereof to a Collection Account (or as otherwise directed by the Administrative Agent at such time) for the benefit of the Credit Parties for application pursuant to Section 3.01(a) 
 
 (ii) if on any day any of the representations or warranties in Section 6.01 is not true with respect to any Pool Receivable, the Borrower shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Receivable in full and shall immediately pay the amount of such deemed Collection to a Collection Account (or as otherwise directed by the Administrative Agent at such time) for the benefit of the Credit Parties for application pursuant to Section 3.01(a) (Collections deemed to have been received pursuant to Section 3.01(d) are hereinafter sometimes referred to as Deemed Collections 
 
 (iii) except as provided in clauses (i) or (ii) above or otherwise required by Applicable Law or the relevant Contract, all Collections received from an Obligor of any Receivable shall be applied to the Receivables of such Obligor in the order of the age of such Receivables, starting with the oldest such Receivable, unless such Obligor designates in writing its payment for application to specific Receivables and 
 
 (iv) if and to the extent the Administrative Agent, any Credit Party, any Affected Person or any Borrower Indemnified Party shall be required for any reason to pay over to an Obligor (or any trustee, receiver, custodian or similar official in any Insolvency Proceeding) any amount received by it hereunder, such amount shall be deemed not to have been so received by such Person but rather to have been retained by the Borrower and, accordingly, such Person shall have a claim against the Borrower for such amount, payable when and to the extent that any distribution from or on behalf of such Obligor is made in respect thereof. 

SECTION 3.02 Payments and Computations, Etc. 
 
 (a) All amounts to be paid by the Borrower or the Servicer to the Administrative Agent, any Credit Party, any Affected Person or any Borrower Indemnified Party hereunder shall be paid no later than noon (12 00 p.m.) (New York City time) on the day when due in same day funds to the applicable Group Agent s Account. 
 
 (b) Each of the Borrower and the Servicer shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, pay interest on any amount not paid or deposited by it when due hereunder, at an interest rate per annum equal to 2.50 per annum above the Base Rate, payable on demand. 
 
 (c) All computations of interest under subsection (b) above and all computations of Interest, Fees and other amounts hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days (or, in the case of amounts determined by reference to the Base Rate, 365 or 366 days, as applicable) for the actual number of days (including the first but excluding the last day) elapsed. Whenever any payment or deposit to be made hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment or deposit shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of such payment or deposit. 

ARTICLE IV 
 
 INCREASED COSTS FUNDING LOSSES TAXES ILLEGALITY AND SECURITY INTEREST 
 
 SECTION 4.01 Increased Costs 
 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Affected Person 
 
 (ii) subject any Affected Person to any Taxes (except to the extent such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes for which relief is sought under Section 4.03 or Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 
 (iii) impose on any Affected Person any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) (A) affecting the Collateral, this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, any Program Support Agreement, any Loan or (B) affecting its obligations or rights to make Loans 
 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Affected Person (A) acting as the Administrative Agent, a Group Agent or a Lender hereunder or as a 

Program Support Provider with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) of funding or maintaining any Loan or (C) of maintaining its obligation to fund or maintain any Loan, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Affected Person hereunder, then, upon request of such Affected Person (or its Group Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Affected Person such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Person for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered provided , that upon the occurrence of any Change in Law imposing a reserve percentage on any interest rate based on SOFR, the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion, may modify the calculation of each such SOFR-based interest rate to add (or otherwise account for) such reserve percentage. 
 
 (b) Capital and Liquidity Requirements . If any Affected Person determines that any Change in Law affecting such Affected Person or any lending office of such Affected Person or such Affected Person s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of (x) increasing the amount of capital required to be maintained by such Affected Person or Affected Person s holding company, if any, (y) reducing the rate of return on such Affected Person s capital or on the capital of such Affected Person s holding company, if any, or (z) causing an internal capital or liquidity charge or other imputed cost to be assessed upon such Affected Person or Affected Person s holding company, if any, in each case, as a consequence of (A) this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (B) the commitments of such Affected Person hereunder or under any other Transaction Document or related Program Support Agreement, (C) the Loans made by such Affected Person or (D) any Capital (or portion thereof), to a level below that which such Affected Person or such Affected Person s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Affected Person s policies and the policies of such Affected Person s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time, upon request of such Affected Person (or its Group Agent), the Borrower will pay to such Affected Person such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Person or such Affected Person s holding company for any such increase, reduction or charge. 
 
 (c) Adoption of Changes in Law. The Borrower acknowledges that any Affected Person may institute measures in anticipation of a Change in Law (including, without limitation, the imposition of internal charges on such Affected Person s interests or obligations under any Transaction Document or Program Support Agreement), and may commence allocating charges to or seeking compensation from the Borrower under this Section 4.01 in connection with such measures, in advance of the effective date of such Change in Law, and the Borrower agrees to pay such charges or compensation to such Affected Person, following demand therefor in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.01 , without regard to whether such effective date has occurred. 
 
 (d) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of an Affected Person (or its Group Agent on its behalf) setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Affected Person or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in clause (a) , (b) or (c) of this Section 4.01 and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall, subject to the priorities of payment set forth in 

Section 3.01 , pay such Affected Person the amount shown as due on any such certificate on the first Settlement Date occurring after the Borrower s receipt of such certificate. 
 
 (e) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Affected Person to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 4.01 shall not constitute a waiver of such Affected Person s right to demand such compensation. 
 
 SECTION 4.02 Funding Losses 
 
 (a) The Borrower will pay each Lender all Breakage Fees. 
 
 (b) A certificate of a Lender (or its Group Agent on its behalf) setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender, as specified in clause (a) above and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall, subject to the priorities of payment set forth in Section 3.01 , pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate on the first Settlement Date occurring after the Borrower s receipt of such certificate. 
 
 SECTION 4.03 Taxes 
 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Transaction Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable Credit Party, Affected Person or Borrower Indemnified Party) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Credit Party, Affected Person or Borrower Indemnified Party, then the applicable Credit Party, Affected Person or Borrower Indemnified Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section), the applicable Credit Party, Affected Person or Borrower Indemnified Party receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 
 (c) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify each Affected Person, within ten (10) calendar days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any (I) Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Affected Person or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Affected Person and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or 

asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority and (II) Taxes that arise because a Loan is not treated for U.S. federal, state, local or franchise Tax purposes as intended under Section 13.14 (such indemnification will include any U.S. federal, state or local income and franchise Taxes necessary to make such Affected Person whole on an after-tax basis taking into account the taxability of receipt of payments under this clause (II) and any reasonable expenses (other than Taxes) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from the foregoing). Promptly upon having knowledge that any such Indemnified Taxes have been levied, imposed or assessed, and promptly upon notice by the Administrative Agent or any Affected Person (or its related Group Agent), the Borrower shall pay such Indemnified Taxes directly to the relevant taxing authority or Governmental Authority provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Affected Person shall be under any obligation to provide any such notice to the Borrower. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by an Affected Person (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of an Affected Person, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (d) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender (other than the Conduit Lenders) shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) calendar days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender, its Related Conduit Lender or any of their respective Affiliates that are Affected Persons (but only to the extent that the Borrower and its Affiliates have not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting any obligation of the Borrower, the Servicer or their Affiliates to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to the failure of such Lender, its Related Conduit Lender or any of their respective Affiliates that are Affected Persons to comply with Section 13.03(f) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, its Related Conduit Lender or any of their respective Affiliates that are Affected Persons, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Transaction Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender (or its Group Agent) by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender (other than the Conduit Lenders) hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, its Related Conduit Lender or any of their respective Affiliates that are Affected Persons under any Transaction Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender, its Related Conduit Lender or any of their respective Affiliates that are Affected Persons from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (d) . 
 
 (e) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 4.03 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (f) Status of Affected Persons . 

(i) Any Affected Person that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Transaction Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Affected Person, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Affected Person is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 4.03(f)(ii)(A) , 4.03(f)(ii)(B) and 4.03(g) shall not be required if, in the Affected Person s reasonable judgment, such completion, execution or submission would subject such Affected Person to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Affected Person 
 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 
 (A) an Affected Person that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Affected Person is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 
 (B) any Affected Person that is not a U.S. Person shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested of the Affected Person) from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, whichever of the following is applicable 
 
 (1) in the case of such an Affected Person claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Transaction Document, executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Transaction Document, Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 

(2) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI 
 
 (3) in the case of such an Affected Person claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Affected Person is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or 
 
 (4) to the extent such Affected Person is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, accompanied by Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that, if such Affected Person is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Affected Person are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Affected Person may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner and 
 
 (C) any Affected Person that is not a U.S. Person shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient), from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, executed originals of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 
 
 (g) Documentation Required by FATCA . If a payment made to an Affected Person under any Transaction Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Affected Person were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Affected Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Applicable Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Affected Person has complied with such Affected 

Person s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (g) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with FATCA. 
 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 4.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Credit Party or any other Affected person, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the Borrower Obligations and the Servicer s obligations hereunder. 
 
 (i) Updates . Each Affected Person agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 4.03 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 
 SECTION 4.04 SOFR Rate Lending Unlawful Inability to Determine Rate 
 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent determines that any Applicable Law has made it unlawful, or would conflict with any interpretation thereof not having the force of Applicable Law but with which the Administrative Agent customarily complies, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Group Agent or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Daily One Month SOFR Rate, Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Daily One Month SOFR Rate, Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, then, upon notice thereof to the Borrower, (i) any obligation of any Lenders to make or continue any Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan or to convert a Base Rate Loan to a Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be suspended, and (ii) the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Daily Simple SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, prepay or, if applicable, convert all Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loans and Term SOFR Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans (and in such case the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Daily Simple SOFR component of the Base Rate), on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if the Administrative Agent may lawfully continue to maintain Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loans or Term SOFR Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Administrative Agent may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loans, and (y) the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate without reference to the Daily Simple SOFR component thereof until it is no longer illegal for the Administrative Agent to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Daily One Month SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 4.02 . 

(b) If (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Daily One Month SOFR Rate or Term SOFR Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or (ii) the Majority Group Agents determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that the Daily One Month SOFR Rate or Term SOFR Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Majority Group Agents of funding such Loan, and the Majority Group Agents have provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent, in each case of (i) and (ii), on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Group Agent. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, (x) any obligation of the Lenders to make or continue the applicable Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan or to convert a Base Rate Loan to a Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice, and (y) if such determination affects the calculation of the Base Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate without reference to subpart (c) of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of any applicable Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan (to the extent of the affected Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Base Rate Loan or conversion to a Base Rate Loan in the amount specified therein, and (B) any outstanding affected Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 4.02 . If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Daily Simple SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to subpart (c) of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. 
 
 SECTION 4.05 Security Interest 
 
 (a) As security for the performance by the Borrower of all the terms, covenants and agreements on the part of the Borrower to be performed under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including the punctual payment when due of the Aggregate Capital and all Interest in respect of the Loans and all other Borrower Obligations, the Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent for its benefit and the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a valid, continuing and perfected first priority security interest in, all of the Borrower s right, title and interest in, to and under all of the following, whether now or hereafter owned, existing or arising (collectively, the Collateral (i) all Pool Receivables, (ii) all Related Security with respect to such Pool Receivables, (iii) all Collections with respect to such Pool Receivables, (iv) the Lock-Boxes and Collection Accounts and all amounts on deposit 

therein, and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time evidencing such Lock-Boxes and Collection Accounts and amounts on deposit therein, (v) all rights (but none of the obligations) of the Borrower under the Purchase and Sale Agreement, (vi) all other personal and fixture property or assets of the Borrower of every kind and nature including, without limitation, all goods (including inventory, equipment and any accessions thereto), instruments (including promissory notes), documents, accounts, chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), deposit accounts, securities accounts, securities entitlements, letter of credit rights, commercial tort claims, securities and all other investment property, supporting obligations, money, any other contract rights or rights to the payment of money, insurance claims and proceeds, and all general intangibles (including all payment intangibles) (each as defined in the UCC) and (vii) all proceeds of, and all amounts received or receivable under any or all of, the foregoing. 
 
 (b) The Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall have, with respect to all the Collateral, and in addition to all the other rights and remedies available to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), all the rights and remedies of a secured party under any applicable UCC. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to file financing statements describing as the collateral covered thereby as all of the debtor s personal property or assets or words to that effect, notwithstanding that such wording may be broader in scope than the collateral described in this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Immediately upon the occurrence of the Final Payout Date, the Collateral shall be automatically released from the lien created hereby, and this Agreement and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other Credit Parties hereunder shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any party, and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Borrower provided , however , that promptly following any such termination, and at the expense of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall execute (if applicable) and deliver to the Borrower UCC-3 termination statements and such other documents as the Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence such termination. 
 
 SECTION 4.06 Permanent Inability to Determine Rate Benchmark Replacement. 
 
 (a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all Group Agents and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Majority Group Agents. No replacement of the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 4.06 will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. Unless and until a Benchmark Replacement is effective in accordance with this clause (a) , all Daily One 

Month SOFR Rate Loans and Term SOFR Rate Loans shall be converted into Base Rate Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.04 . 
 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 
 (c) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section 4.06 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 4.06 . 
 
 (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if any then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor, and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 
 (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke 

any request for the applicable Daily One Month SOFR Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan of, conversion to or continuation of such Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Base Rate based upon Daily Simple SOFR (or then-current Benchmark) will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 

ARTICLE V 
 
 CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 
 SECTION 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness and the Initial Credit Extension . This Agreement shall become effective as of the Closing Date when (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received each of the documents, agreements (in fully executed form), opinions of counsel, lien search results, UCC filings, certificates and other deliverables listed on the closing memorandum attached as Exhibit H hereto, in each case, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (b) all fees and expenses payable by the Borrower on the Closing Date to the Credit Parties have been paid in full in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents. 
 
 SECTION 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Credit Extensions. Each Credit Extension hereunder on or after the Closing Date shall be subject to the conditions precedent that 
 
 (a) in the case of a Loan, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent a Loan Request for such Loan, in accordance with Section 2.02(a) 
 
 (b) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent all Information Packages required to be delivered hereunder 
 
 (c) the conditions precedent to such Credit Extension specified in Section 2.01(a) through (d) shall be satisfied 
 
 (d) on the date of such Credit Extension the following statements shall be true and correct (and upon the occurrence of such Credit Extension, the Borrower and the Servicer shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such statements are then true and correct) 
 
 (i) the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Servicer contained in Sections 6.01 and 6.02 are true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension as though made on and as of such date unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless 

such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of such earlier date 
 
 (ii) no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default would result from such Credit Extension 
 
 (iii) no Borrowing Base Deficit exists or would exist after giving effect to such Credit Extension 
 
 (iv) the Aggregate Capital would not equal an amount less than the Minimum Funding Threshold after giving effect to such Credit Extension and 
 
 (v) the Termination Date has not occurred. 
 
 SECTION 5.03 Conditions Precedent to All Releases. Each Release hereunder on or after the Closing Date shall be subject to the conditions precedent that 
 
 (a) after giving effect to such Release, the Servicer shall be holding in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties an amount of Collections sufficient to pay the sum of (x) all accrued and unpaid Servicing Fees, Interest, Fees and Breakage Fees, in each case, through the date of such Release, (y) the amount of any Borrowing Base Deficit and (z) the amount of all other accrued and unpaid Borrower Obligations through the date of such Release 
 
 (b) the Borrower shall use the proceeds of such Release solely to pay (x) the purchase price for Receivables purchased by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement and (y) any amounts owing by the Borrower to the Originators under the Subordinated Notes and 
 
 (c) on the date of such Release the following statements shall be true and correct (and upon the occurrence of such Release, the Borrower and the Servicer shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such statements are then true and correct) 
 
 (i) the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Servicer contained in Sections 6.01 and 6.02 are true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of the date of such Release as though made on and as of such date unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of such earlier date 
 
 (ii) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and no Event of Default would result from such Release 

(iii) no Borrowing Base Deficit exists or would exist after giving effect to such Release and 
 
 (iv) the Termination Date has not occurred. 

ARTICLE VI 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 SECTION 6.01 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. The Borrower represents and warrants to each Credit Party as of the Closing Date, on each Settlement Date and on each day on which a Credit Extension shall have occurred 
 
 (a) Organization and Good Standing. The Borrower is a duly organized and validly existing limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full power and authority under its organizational documents and under the laws of the State of Delaware to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is presently conducted. 
 
 (b) Due Qualification. The Borrower is duly qualified to do business, is in good standing as a foreign entity and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, licenses or approvals, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (c) Power and Authority Due Authorization. The Borrower (i) has all necessary power and authority to (A) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (B) perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (C) grant a security interest in the Collateral to the Administrative Agent on the terms and subject to the conditions herein provided and (ii) has duly authorized by all necessary action such grant and the execution, delivery and performance of, and the consummation of the transactions provided for in, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 (d) Binding Obligations. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Borrower is a party constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 
 (e) No Conflict or Violation. The execution, delivery and performance of, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Borrower is a party, and the fulfillment of the terms 

hereof and thereof, will not (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under its organizational documents or any indenture, sale agreement, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which the Borrower is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of the Collateral or any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or (iii) conflict with or violate any Applicable Law. 
 
 (f) Litigation and Other Proceedings. (i) There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, against the Borrower before any Governmental Authority and (ii) the Borrower is not subject to any order, judgment, decree, injunction, stipulation or consent order of or with any Governmental Authority that, in the case of either of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) , (A) asserts the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (B) seeks to prevent the grant of a security interest in any Collateral by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the ownership or acquisition by the Borrower of any Pool Receivables or other Collateral or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (C) seeks any determination or ruling that could materially and adversely affect the performance by the Borrower of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or (D) individually or in the aggregate for all such actions, suits, proceedings and investigations could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (g) No Consents. The Borrower is not required to obtain the consent of any other party or any consent, order, license, approval, registration, authorization, action or declaration of or with any Governmental Authority in connection with the grant of a security interest in the Collateral by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent hereunder or the due execution, delivery, or performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents to which it is a party that has not already been obtained and are in full force and effect or the failure of which to obtain could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (h) Offices Legal Name. The Borrower s sole jurisdiction of organization is the State of Delaware and such jurisdiction has not changed within four (4) months prior to the date of this Agreement. The office of the Borrower is located at One Applied Plaza, MS-4, Cleveland, Ohio 44115. The legal name of the Borrower is AIT Receivables LLC. 
 
 (i) Investment Company Act Volcker Rule. The Borrower (i) is not, and is not controlled by, an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act and (ii) is not a covered fund under the Volcker Rule. In determining that the Borrower is not a covered fund under the Volcker Rule, the 

Borrower relies on, and is entitled to rely on, the exemption from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(5) of the Investment Company Act. 
 
 (j) No Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of formation of the Borrower there has been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower. 
 
 (k) Accuracy of Information. All Information Packages, Interim Reports, Loan Requests, certificates, reports, statements, documents and other information, other than financial projections, furnished to the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or in connection with or pursuant to any amendment or modification of, or waiver under, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, are, at the time the same are so furnished, complete and correct in all material respects on the date the same are furnished to the Administrative Agent or such other Credit Party, and do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. 
 
 (l) Anti-Money Laundering International Trade Law Compliance. No Covered Entity is a Sanctioned Person. No Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, (i) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law (ii) does business in or with, or derives any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law or (iii) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 
 (m) Transaction Information. None of the Borrower, any Affiliate of the Borrower or any third party with which the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof has contracted, has delivered, in writing or orally, to any Rating Agency, any Transaction Information without providing such Transaction Information to the applicable Group Agent prior to delivery to such Rating Agency and has not participated in any oral communications with respect to Transaction Information with any Rating Agency without the participation of such Group Agent. 
 
 (n) Compliance with Law. The Borrower has complied in all respects with all Applicable Laws to which it may be subject, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (o) Eligible Receivables. Each Receivable included as an Eligible Receivable in the calculation of the Net Receivables Pool Balance as of any date is an Eligible Receivable as of such date. 
 
 (p) Bulk Sales Act . No transaction contemplated by this Agreement requires compliance by it with any bulk sales act or similar law. 
 
 (q) Taxes . The Borrower has (i) timely filed all tax returns (federal, state and local) required to be filed by it and (ii) paid, or caused to be paid, all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, if any, other than taxes, assessments and other 

governmental charges being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 (r) Opinions . The facts regarding the Borrower, the Servicer, each Originator, the Performance Guarantor, the Receivables, the Related Security and the related matters set forth or assumed in each of the opinions of counsel delivered in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects. 
 
 (s) Other Transaction Documents . Each representation and warranty made by the Borrower under each other Transaction Document to which it is a party is true and correct in all material respects (unless such representation and warranty contains a materiality qualifier, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as made) as of the date when made, except for any such representation and warranty that applies as to an earlier date (in which case, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless such representation and warranty contains a materiality qualifier, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as made) as of such earlier date). 
 
 (t) No Linked Accounts . Except for account no. 1017305622 maintained at the Administrative Agent, there are no Linked Accounts with respect to any Collection Account. 
 
 (u) Margin Regulations . The Borrower is not engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meanings of Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). 
 
 (v) Solvency . After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the Borrower is Solvent. 
 
 (w) Perfection Representations . 
 
 (i) This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Borrower s right, title and interest in, to and under the Collateral which (A) security interest has been perfected and is enforceable against creditors of and purchasers from the Borrower and (B) will be free of all Adverse Claims in such Collateral. 
 
 (ii) The Receivables constitute accounts or general intangibles within the meaning of Section 9-102 of the UCC. 
 
 (iii) The Borrower owns and has good and marketable title to the Collateral free and clear of any Adverse Claim of any Person. 
 
 (iv) All appropriate financing statements, financing statement amendments and continuation statements have been filed in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect (and continue 

the perfection of) the sale or contribution of the Receivables and Related Security from each Originator to the Borrower pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the grant by the Borrower of a security interest in the Collateral to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (v) Other than the security interest granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement, the Borrower has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Collateral except as permitted by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Borrower has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements filed against the Borrower that include a description of collateral covering the Collateral other than any financing statement (i) in favor of the Administrative Agent or (ii) that has been terminated or amended to reflect the release of any security interest in the Collateral. The Borrower is not aware of any judgment lien, ERISA lien or tax lien filings against the Borrower. 
 
 (vi) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the representations contained in this Section 6.01(w) shall be continuing and remain in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date. 
 
 (x) The Lock-Boxes and Collection Accounts . 
 
 (i) Nature of Collection Accounts. Each Collection Account constitutes a deposit account within the meaning of the applicable UCC. 
 
 (ii) Ownership. Each Lock-Box and Collection Account is in the name of the Borrower, and the Borrower owns and has good and marketable title to the Collection Accounts free and clear of any Adverse Claim. 
 
 (iii) Perfection. The Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Account Control Agreement relating to each Lock-Box and Collection Account, pursuant to which each applicable Collection Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in such Lock-Box and Collection Account without further consent by the Borrower, the Servicer or any other Person. The Administrative Agent has control (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over each Collection Account. 
 
 (iv) Instructions. Neither the Lock-Boxes nor the Collection Accounts are in the name of any Person other than the Borrower. Neither the Borrower nor the Servicer has consented to the applicable Collection Account Bank complying with instructions of any Person other than the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (y) Ordinary Course of Business. Each remittance of Collections by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Credit Parties under this Agreement will have been (i) in payment of a debt incurred by the Borrower in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Borrower and (ii) made in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Borrower. 

(z) Tax Status . The Borrower (i) is, and shall at all relevant times continue to be, a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3 for U.S. federal income tax purposes and (ii) is not and will not at any relevant time become an association (or publicly traded partnership) taxable as an association for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 (aa) Liquidity Coverage Ratio . The Borrower has not, does not and will not during this Agreement (x) issue any obligations that (A) constitute asset-backed commercial paper, or (B) are securities required to be registered under the Securities Act or that may be offered for sale under Rule 144A or a similar exemption from registration under the Securities Act or the rules promulgated thereunder, or (y) issue any other debt obligations or equity interest other than debt obligations substantially similar to the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement that are (A) issued to other banks or asset-backed commercial paper conduits in privately negotiated transactions, and (B) subject to transfer restrictions substantially similar to the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement. The Borrower further represents and warrants that its assets and liabilities are consolidated with the assets and liabilities of Parent for purposes of generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 (bb) Reaffirmation of Representations and Warranties. On the date of each Credit Extension, on the date of each Release, on each Settlement Date and on the date each Information Package, Interim Report or other report is delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Group Agent hereunder, the Borrower shall be deemed to have certified that (i) all representations and warranties of the Borrower hereunder are true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of such day as though made on and as of such day, except for representations and warranties which apply as to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) as of such date) and (ii) no Event of Default or an Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from such Credit Extension or Release. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the representations and warranties contained in this Section 6.01 shall be continuing, and remain in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date. 
 
 SECTION 6.02 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer. The Servicer represents and warrants to each Credit Party as of the Closing Date, on each Settlement Date and on each day on which a Credit Extension shall have occurred 
 
 (a) Organization and Good Standing . The Servicer is a duly organized and validly existing corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Ohio and has full power and authority under its organizational documents and under the laws of the State of Ohio to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is presently conducted. 

(b) Due Qualification. The Servicer is duly qualified to do business, is in good standing as a foreign entity and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business or the servicing of the Pool Receivables as required by this Agreement requires such qualification, licenses or approvals, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (c) Power and Authority Due Authorization. The Servicer (i) has all necessary power and authority to (A) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (B) perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (ii) has duly authorized by all necessary action the execution, delivery and performance of, and the consummation of the transactions provided for in, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 (d) Binding Obligations. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Servicer is a party constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the Servicer, enforceable against the Servicer in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 
 (e) No Conflict or Violation. The execution, delivery and performance of, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Servicer is a party, and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof, will not (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under its organizational documents or any material indenture, sale agreement, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which the Servicer is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or (iii) conflict with or violate any Applicable Law, except to the extent that any such conflict, breach, default, Adverse Claim or violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (f) Litigation and Other Proceedings. (i) There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the best knowledge of the Servicer, threatened, against the Borrower before any Governmental Authority and (ii) the Servicer is not subject to any order, judgment, decree, injunction, stipulation or consent order of or with any Governmental Authority that, in the case of either of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) , (A) asserts the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (B) seeks to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or 

any other Transaction Document, (C) seeks any determination or ruling that could materially and adversely affect the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or (D) individually or in the aggregate for all such actions, suits, proceedings and investigations could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (g) No Consents. The Servicer is not required to obtain the consent of any other party or any consent, order, license, approval, registration, authorization, action or declaration of or with any Governmental Authority in connection with the due execution, delivery, or performance by the Servicer of this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents to which it is a party or the consummation by the Servicer of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party that has not already been obtained and are in full force and effect or the failure of which to obtain could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (h) Location of Records. The offices where the initial Servicer keeps all of its records relating to the servicing of the Pool Receivables are located at One Applied Plaza, MS-56, Cleveland, Ohio 44115. 
 
 (i) Investment Company Act . The Servicer is not, and is not controlled by, an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 (j) No Material Adverse Effect . Since June 30, 2018, there has been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Servicer. 
 
 (k) Accuracy of Information. All Information Packages, Interim Reports, Loan Requests, certificates, reports, statements, documents and other information, other than financial projections, furnished to the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party by or on behalf of the Servicer pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or in connection with or pursuant to any amendment or modification of, or waiver under, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, are, at the time the same are so furnished, complete and correct in all material respects on the date the same are furnished to the Administrative Agent or such other Credit Party, and do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. 
 
 (l) Anti-Money Laundering International Trade Law Compliance . No Covered Entity is a Sanctioned Person. No Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, (i) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law (ii) does business in or with, or derives any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law or (iii) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 
 (m) Transaction Information . None of the Servicer, any Affiliate of the Servicer or any third party with which the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof has 

contracted, has delivered, in writing or orally, to any Rating Agency, or monitoring a rating of, any Notes, any Transaction Information without providing such Transaction Information to the applicable Group Agent prior to delivery to such Rating Agency and has not participated in any oral communications with respect to Transaction Information with any Rating Agency without the participation of such Group Agent. 
 
 (n) Compliance with Law . The Servicer (i) shall duly satisfy all obligations on its part to be fulfilled under or in connection with the Pool Receivables and the related Contracts, (ii) has maintained in effect all qualifications required under Applicable Law in order to properly service the Pool Receivables and (iii) has complied in all respects with all Applicable Laws in connection with servicing the Pool Receivables, except, with respect to clause (iii) above, where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (o) Eligible Receivables . Each Receivable included as an Eligible Receivable in the calculation of the Net Receivables Pool Balance as of any date is an Eligible Receivable as of such date. 
 
 (p) Bulk Sales Act . No transaction contemplated by this Agreement requires compliance by it with any bulk sales act or similar law. 
 
 (q) Taxes . The Servicer has (i) timely filed all tax returns (federal, state and local) required to be filed by it and (ii) paid, or caused to be paid, all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, if any, other than taxes, assessments and other governmental charges being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 (r) Opinions . The facts regarding the Borrower, the Servicer, each Originator, the Performance Guarantor, the Receivables, the Related Security and the related matters set forth or assumed in each of the opinions of counsel delivered in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects. 
 
 (s) Other Transaction Documents . Each representation and warranty made by the Servicer under each other Transaction Document to which it is a party (including, without limitation, the Purchase and Sale Agreement) is true and correct in all material respects (unless such representation and warranty contains a materiality qualifier, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as made) as of the date when made, except for any such representation and warranty that applies as to an earlier date (in which case, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless such representation and warranty contains a materiality qualifier, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as made) as of such earlier date). 
 
 (t) No Linked Accounts . Except for account no. 1017305622 maintained at the Administrative Agent, there are no Linked Accounts with respect to any Collection Account. 

(u) Credit and Collection Procedures. The Servicer has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Procedures (or, prior to the existence thereof in documented form, the substance thereof) with regard to each Pool Receivable and the related Contracts. 
 
 (v) Servicing Programs . No license or approval is required for the Administrative Agent s use of any software or other computer program used by the Servicer, any Originator or any Sub-Servicer in the servicing of the Pool Receivables, other than those which have been obtained and are in full force and effect. 
 
 (w) Servicing of Pool Receivables . Since the Closing Date, there has been no material adverse change in the ability of the Servicer or any Sub-Servicer to service and collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security. 
 
 (x) Financial Condition . The consolidated balance sheets of the Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2018 and the related statements of income and shareholders equity of the Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter then ended, copies of which have been furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Group Agents, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the period ended on such date, all in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 (y) Reaffirmation of Representations and Warranties. On the date of each Credit Extension, on the date of each Release, on each Settlement Date and on the date each Information Package, Interim Report or other report is delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Group Agent hereunder, the Servicer shall be deemed to have certified that (i) all representations and warranties of the Servicer hereunder are true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of such day as though made on and as of such day, except for representations and warranties which apply as to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) as of such date) and (ii) no Event of Default or an Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from such Credit Extension or Release. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the representations and warranties contained in this Section 6.02 shall be continuing, and remain in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date. 

ARTICLE VII 
 
 COVENANTS 
 
 SECTION 7.01 Covenants of the Borrower. At all times from the Closing Date until the Final Payout Date 

(a) Payment of Principal and Interest . The Borrower shall duly and punctually pay Capital, Interest, Fees and all other amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Existence . The Borrower shall keep in full force and effect its existence and rights as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware, and shall obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Collateral. 
 
 (c) Financial Reporting. The Borrower will maintain a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP, and the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent 
 
 (i) Annual Financial Statements of the Borrower. Promptly upon completion and in no event later than ninety (90) calendar days after the close of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if applicable, the date on which the financial statements describe in Section 7.01(c)(v) are delivered), annual unaudited financial statements of the Borrower certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower that they fairly present in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition of the Borrower as of the date indicated and the results of its operations for the periods indicated. 
 
 (ii) Information Packages and Interim Reports. As soon as available and in any event not later than two (2) Business Days prior to each Settlement Date, an Information Package as of the most recently completed Fiscal Month provided, that, upon thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent a weekly Interim Report with respect to the Pool Receivables with data as of the close of business on the Business Day preceding the date on which such Interim Report is delivered provided, further, that, at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may specify in such notice that such Interim Report be furnished to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent on a more frequent basis until the Administrative Agent gives notices otherwise. 
 
 (iii) Other Information. Such other information (including non-financial information) as the Administrative Agent or any Group Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 
 
 (iv) Quarterly Financial Statements of Parent. As soon as available and in no event later than forty five (45) calendar days following the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters in each of Parent s fiscal years (or, if applicable, the date on which such financial statements are required to be filed with the SEC), (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet and statements of income of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of earnings and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with the last day of 

such fiscal quarter, in each case setting forth comparative figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter in the prior fiscal year, all of which shall be certified by a Financial Officer of Parent that they fairly present in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations for the periods indicated, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes and (ii) management s discussion and analysis of the important operational and financial developments during such fiscal quarter. 
 
 (v) Annual Financial Statements of Parent. Within ninety (90) calendar days after the close of each of Parent s fiscal years (or, if applicable, the date on which such financial statements are required to be filed with the SEC), the consolidated balance sheet of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the related consolidated statements of earnings and cash flows for such fiscal year setting forth comparative figures for the preceding fiscal year, all reported on by independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations for the periods indicated. 
 
 (vi) Other Reports and Filings. Promptly (but in any event within ten (10) calendar days) after the filing or delivery thereof, copies of all financial information, proxy materials and reports not otherwise delivered pursuant to Sections 7.01(c)(i) through (v) above, if any, which Parent or any of its consolidated Subsidiaries shall publicly file with the SEC or deliver to holders (or any trustee, agent or other representative therefor) of any of its material Debt pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing the same. 
 
 (vii) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any financial information, proxy statements or other material required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 7.01(c) shall be deemed to have been furnished to each of the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent on the date that such report, proxy statement or other material is posted on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 (d) Notices. The Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) will notify the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent in writing of any of the following events promptly upon (but in no event later than three (3) Business Days after) a Financial Officer or other officer learning of the occurrence thereof, with such notice describing the same, and if applicable, the steps being taken by the Person(s) affected with respect thereto 
 
 (i) Notice of Events of Default or Unmatured Events of Default. A statement of a Financial Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of any Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing and the action which the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(ii) Representations and Warranties. The failure of any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be true and correct in any material respect when made. 
 
 (iii) Litigation. The institution of any litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding on the Borrower, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any Originator, which with respect to any Person other than the Borrower, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (iv) Adverse Claim . (A) Any Person shall obtain an Adverse Claim upon the Collateral or any portion thereof, (B) any Person other than the Borrower, the Servicer or the Administrative Agent shall obtain any rights or direct any action with respect to any Collection Account (or related Lock-Box) or (C) any Obligor shall receive any change in payment instructions with respect to Pool Receivable(s) from a Person other than the Servicer or the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (v) Name Changes. At least thirty (30) calendar days before any change in any Originator s or the Borrower s name, jurisdiction of organization or any other change requiring the amendment of UCC financing statements, a notice setting forth such changes and the effective date thereof. 
 
 (vi) Change in Accountants or Accounting Policy. Any change in (i) the external accountants of the Borrower, the Servicer, any Originator or the Parent, (ii) any accounting policy of the Borrower or (iii) any material accounting policy of any Originator that is relevant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (it being understood that any change to the manner in which any Originator accounts for the Pool Receivables shall be deemed material for such purpose). 
 
 (vii) Notice of Purchase and Sale Termination Event or Unmatured Purchase and Sale Termination Event. The occurrence of a Purchase and Sale Termination Event or an Unmatured Purchase and Sale Termination Event under the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 
 (viii) Material Adverse Change. Promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any material adverse change in the business, operations, property or financial or other condition of the Borrower, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any Originator (including, without limitation, a material change to the Credit and Collection Procedures). 
 
 (e) Conduct of Business. The Borrower will carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted, and will do all things necessary to remain duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a domestic organization in its jurisdiction of organization and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted. 

(f) Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will comply with all Applicable Laws to which it may be subject if the failure to comply could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (g) Furnishing of Information and Inspection of Receivables. The Borrower will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent from time to time such information with respect to the Pool Receivables and the other Collateral as the Administrative Agent or any Group Agent may reasonably request. The Borrower will, (i) at the Borrower s expense, during regular business hours with prior written notice, permit the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent or their respective agents or representatives to (A) examine and make copies of and abstracts from all books and records relating to the Pool Receivables or other Collateral, (B) visit the offices and properties of the Borrower for the purpose of examining such books and records and (C) discuss matters relating to the Pool Receivables, the other Collateral or the Borrower s performance hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party with any of the officers, directors, employees or independent public accountants of the Borrower having knowledge of such matters and (ii) without limiting the provisions of clause (i) above, during regular business hours, at the Borrower s expense, upon prior written notice from the Administrative Agent, permit certified public accountants or other auditors acceptable to the Administrative Agent to conduct a review of its books and records with respect to the Pool Receivables and other Collateral provided , that the Borrower shall be required to reimburse the Administrative Agent for only one (1) such review pursuant to clause (ii) above in any twelve-month period, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 (h) Payments on Receivables, Collection Accounts. The Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) will, and will cause each Originator to, at all times, instruct all Obligors to deliver payments on the Pool Receivables to a Collection Account or a Lock-Box provided , that, with respect to any Receivables, the Originator of which is FCX Performance, Inc. (such Originator, FCX such Receivables, the FCX Receivables ), up to five percent (5 of payments related to such FCX Receivables may be remitted into an account that is not a Collection Account provided , further , that upon notice by the Majority Group Agents to the Borrower that such remittance into an account that is not a Collection Account shall no longer be permitted, the Borrower shall promptly (but in no event later than the thirtieth (30th) calendar day following the date of such notice) (or instruct the Servicer and FCX to) (x) transfer the funds related to the FCX Receivables that are on deposit in an account other than a Collection Account into a Collection Account, (y) no longer deposit such funds into an account other than a Collection Account and (z) instruct the related obligors to deposit any such funds into a Collection Account. The Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) will, and will cause each Originator to, at all times, maintain such books and records as are necessary to identify Collections received from time to time on Pool Receivables and to segregate such Collections from other property of the Servicer and the Originators. If any payments on the Pool Receivables or other Collections are received by the Borrower, the Servicer or an Originator, it shall hold such payments in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Group Agents and the other Secured Parties and promptly (but in any event within one (1) Business Day after receipt) remit such funds into a Collection Account (subject to the proviso above). The Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) will 

cause each Collection Account Bank to comply with the terms of each applicable Account Control Agreement. The Borrower shall not permit funds other than Collections on Pool Receivables and other Collateral and remittances of funds for Subject Receivables (subject to the proviso below) to be deposited into any Collection Account. If such funds are nevertheless deposited into any Collection Account, the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall, within two (2) Business Days, (x) identify and transfer such funds to the appropriate Person entitled to such funds and (y) instruct such Person to no longer deposit any such funds into any such Collection Account. The Borrower will not, and will not permit the Servicer, any Originator or any other Person to commingle Collections or other funds to which the Administrative Agent, any Group Agent or any other Secured Party is entitled, with any other funds provided , that, up to twenty percent (20 of monthly cash receipts will be permitted to be related to the Subject Receivables provided , further that, upon notice by the Majority Group Agents to the Borrower that such commingling shall no longer be permitted, the Borrower shall promptly (but in no event later than the thirtieth (30th) calendar day following the date of such notice) instruct the Servicer, the related Subject Originator or such other Person to (x) transfer such funds related to the Subject Receivables into an account other than a Collection Account, (y) no longer deposit such funds into any Collection Account and (z) instruct the related obligors to no longer deposit any such funds into any such Collection Account. The Borrower shall only add a Collection Account (or a related Lock-Box) or a Collection Account Bank to those listed on Schedule II to this Agreement, if the Administrative Agent has received notice of such addition and an executed and acknowledged copy of an Account Control Agreement (or an amendment thereto) in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent from the applicable Collection Account Bank. The Borrower shall only terminate a Collection Account Bank or close a Collection Account (or a related Lock-Box) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (i) Sales, Liens, etc. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Borrower will not sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon (including, without limitation, the filing of any financing statement) or with respect to, any Pool Receivable or other Collateral, or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof. 
 
 (j) Extension or Amendment of Pool Receivables. Except as otherwise permitted in Section 8.02, the Borrower will not, and will not permit the Servicer to, alter the delinquency status or adjust the Outstanding Balance or otherwise modify the terms of any Pool Receivable in any material respect, or amend, modify or waive, in any material respect, any term or condition of any related Contract. The Borrower shall at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply in all material respects with all provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related to the Pool Receivables, and timely and fully comply with the Credit and Collection Procedures with regard to each Pool Receivable and the related Contract. 
 
 (k) Change in Credit and Collection Procedures. The Borrower will not make any material change in the Credit and Collection Procedures without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents. Promptly following any change in the Credit and Collection Procedures, the Borrower will deliver a copy of 

the updated Credit and Collection Procedures to the Administrative Agent and each Lender. 
 
 (l) Books and Records . The Borrower shall maintain and implement (or cause the Servicer to maintain and implement) administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Pool Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain (or cause the Servicer to keep and maintain) all documents, books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Pool Receivables (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Pool Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each existing Pool Receivable). 
 
 (m) Identifying of Records . The Borrower shall (i) identify (or cause the Servicer to identify) its master data processing records relating to Pool Receivables and related Contracts with a legend that indicates that the Pool Receivables have been pledged in accordance with this Agreement and (ii) cause each Originator so to identify its master data processing records with such a legend. 
 
 (n) Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors. The Borrower shall not (and shall not permit the Servicer or any Sub-Servicer to) add, replace or terminate any Collection Account (or any related Lock-Box) or make any change in its (or their) instructions to the Obligors regarding payments to be made to the Collection Accounts (or any related Lock-Box), other than any instruction to remit payments to a different Collection Account (or any related Lock-Box), unless the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) prior written notice of such addition, termination or change and (ii) a signed and acknowledged Account Control Agreement (or an amendment thereto) with respect to such new Collection Accounts (or any related Lock-Box), and the Administrative Agent shall have consented to such change in writing. 
 
 (o) Security Interest, Etc. The Borrower shall (and shall cause the Servicer to), at its expense, take all action necessary or reasonably desirable to establish and maintain a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim, in favor of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties), including taking such action to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interest of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) as the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party may reasonably request. In order to evidence the security interests of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Borrower shall, from time to time take such action, or execute and deliver such instruments as may be necessary (including, without limitation, such actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent) to maintain and perfect, as a first-priority interest, the Administrative Agent s security interest in the Receivables, Related Security and Collections. The Borrower shall, from time to time and within the time limits established by law, prepare and present to the Administrative Agent for the Administrative Agent s authorization and approval, all financing statements, amendments, continuations or initial financing statements in lieu of a continuation statement, or other filings necessary to continue, maintain and perfect the Administrative Agent s security interest as a first-priority interest. The Administrative Agent s approval 

of such filings shall authorize the Borrower to file such financing statements under the UCC without the signature of the Borrower, any Originator or the Administrative Agent where allowed by Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything else in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Borrower shall not have any authority to file a termination, partial termination, release, partial release, or any amendment that deletes the name of a debtor or excludes collateral of any such financing statements filed in connection with the Transaction Documents, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (p) Further Assurances Change in Name or Jurisdiction of Origination, etc. 
 
 (i) The Borrower hereby authorizes and hereby agrees from time to time, at its own expense, promptly to execute (if necessary) and deliver all further instruments and documents, and to take all further actions, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to enable the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) to exercise and enforce the Secured Parties rights and remedies under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower hereby authorizes, and will, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, at the Borrower s own expense, execute (if necessary) and file such financing statements or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, and such other instruments and documents, that may be necessary or reasonably desirable, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or evidence any of the foregoing. 
 
 (ii) The Borrower authorizes the Administrative Agent to file financing statements, continuation statements and amendments thereto and assignments thereof, relating to the Receivables, the Related Security, the related Contracts, Collections with respect thereto and the other Collateral without the signature of the Borrower. A photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement shall be sufficient as a financing statement where permitted by law. 
 
 (iii) The Borrower shall at all times be organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and shall not take any action to change its jurisdiction of organization. 
 
 (iv) The Borrower will not change its name, location, identity or corporate structure unless (x) the Borrower, at its own expense, shall have taken all action necessary or appropriate to perfect or maintain the perfection of the security interest under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the filing of all financing statements and the taking of such other action as the Administrative Agent may request in connection with such change or relocation) and (y) if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, an opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent as to such UCC perfection and priority matters as the Administrative Agent may request at such time. 

(q) Transaction Information . None of the Borrower, any Affiliate of the Borrower or any third party with which the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof has contracted, shall deliver, in writing or orally, to any Rating Agency, any Transaction Information without providing such Transaction Information to the applicable Group Agent prior to delivery to such Rating Agency and will not participate in any oral communications with respect to Transaction Information with any Rating Agency without the participation of such Group Agent. 
 
 (r) Anti-Money Laundering International Trade Law Compliance . The Borrower will not become a Sanctioned Person. No Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, will (a) have any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law (b) do business in or with, or derive any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law (c) engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law or (d) use the proceeds of any Credit Extension to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. The funds used to repay each Credit Extension will not be derived from any unlawful activity. The Borrower shall comply with all Anti-Terrorism Laws. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event. The Borrower has not used and will not use the proceeds of any Credit Extension to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Country. 
 
 (s) Borrower s Tax Status . The Borrower will remain a wholly-owned subsidiary of a United States person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) and not be subject to withholding under Section 1446 of the Code. The Borrower shall not take or cause any action to be taken that could result in the Borrower (i) being treated other than as a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3 for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (ii) becoming an association taxable as a corporation or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 (t) Credit Risk Retention . The Borrower shall cooperate with each Credit Party (including by providing such information and entering into or delivering such additional agreements or documents reasonably requested by such Credit Party) to the extent reasonably necessary to assure such Credit Party that the Originators retain credit risk in the amount and manner required by the Credit Risk Retention Rules and to permit such Credit Party to perform its due diligence and monitoring obligations (if any) under the Credit Risk Retention Rules. 
 
 (u) Fundamental Changes. The Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents, permit (i) itself to merge or consolidate with or into, or enter into a Division Transaction, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, any Person or (ii) itself to be directly owned by any Person other than an 

Originator or (iii) any of its issued and outstanding Capital Stock or any of its other equity interests to become subject to any Adverse Claims. The Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice before making any change in the Borrower s name or location or making any other change in the Borrower s identity or corporate structure that could impair or otherwise render any UCC financing statement filed in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document seriously misleading as such term (or similar term) is used in the applicable UCC each notice to the Administrative Agent and the Group Agents pursuant to this sentence shall set forth the applicable change and the proposed effective date thereof. 
 
 (v) Certain Agreements. Without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents, the Borrower will not (and will not permit any Originator or the Servicer to) amend, modify, waive, revoke or terminate any Transaction Document to which it is a party or any provision of the Borrower s organizational documents which requires the consent of the Independent Director (as such term is used in the Borrower s Certificate of Formation and Limited Liability Company Agreement). 
 
 (w) Restricted Payments. 
 
 (i) Except pursuant to clause (ii) below, the Borrower will not (A) purchase or redeem any of its membership interests, (B) declare or pay any dividend or set aside any funds for any such purpose, (C) prepay, purchase or redeem any Debt, (D) lend or advance any funds or (E) repay any loans or advances to, for or from any of its Affiliates (the amounts described in clauses (A) through (E) being referred to as Restricted Payments ). 
 
 (ii) Subject to the limitations set forth in clause (iii) below, the Borrower may make Restricted Payments so long as such Restricted Payments are made only in one or more of the following ways (A) the Borrower may make cash payments (including prepayments) on the Subordinated Notes in accordance with their respective terms and (B) the Borrower may declare and pay dividends if, in both cases, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect thereto, the Borrower s Net Worth is not less than the Required Capital Amount. 
 
 (iii) The Borrower may make Restricted Payments only out of the funds, if any, it receives pursuant to Sections 3.01 of this Agreement provided that the Borrower shall not pay, make or declare any Restricted Payment (including any dividend) if, after giving effect thereto, any Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 
 (x) Other Business. The Borrower will not (i) engage in any business other than the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, (ii) create, incur or permit to exist any Debt of any kind (or cause or permit to be issued for its account any letters of credit) or bankers acceptances other than pursuant to this Agreement or the Subordinated Notes or (iii) form any Subsidiary or make any investments in any other Person. 

(y) Use of Collections Available to the Borrower. The Borrower shall apply the Collections available to the Borrower to make payments in the following order of priority (i) the payment of its obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents (other than the Subordinated Notes), (ii) the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Subordinated Notes and (iii) other legal and valid purposes. 
 
 (z) Borrower s Net Worth. The Borrower shall not permit the Borrower s Net Worth to be less than the Required Capital Amount. 
 
 (aa) Post-Closing Actions. On or prior to April 26, 2021 (or such later date as may be specified in writing by the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall (i) enter into and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Group Agents an executed copy of that certain Deposit Account Control Agreement, by and among the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Servicer and KeyBank National Association (the KeyBank DACA and (ii) take all further actions, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the immediately preceding clause (i) (including, but not limited to (A) the delivery of executed copies of the opinions of counsel that would have been required had the KeyBank DACA been executed and delivered on the Closing Date and (B) the transfer of ownership in the Collection Account(s) subject to the KeyBank DACA to the Borrower), in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto agree that, on and after March 26, 2021, the account(s) at KeyBank National Association, as identified on Schedule II to this Agreement, are Collection Account(s) until otherwise notified in writing by the Administrative Agent to the other parties hereto. 
 
 SECTION 7.02 Covenants of the Servicer. At all times from the Closing Date until the Final Payout Date 
 
 (a) Existence. The Servicer shall keep in full force and effect its existence and rights as a corporation under the laws of the State of Ohio, and shall obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary for the conduct of its business or the servicing of the Pool Receivables as required by this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Financial Reporting. The Servicer will maintain a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP, and the Servicer shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent 
 
 (i) Compliance Certificates. (A) A compliance certificate promptly upon completion of the annual report of the Parent and in no event later than ninety (90) calendar days after the close of each fiscal year of the Parent, in form and substance substantially similar to Exhibit G signed by a Financial Officer of the Servicer stating that no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or if any Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, stating the nature and status thereof and (B) within thirty (30) calendar days after the close of each fiscal quarter of the Servicer, a compliance certificate in form and substance substantially similar to 

Exhibit G signed by a Financial Officer of the Servicer stating that no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or if any Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, stating the nature and status thereof. 
 
 (ii) Information Packages and Interim Reports. As soon as available and in any event not later than two (2) Business Days prior to each Settlement Date, an Information Package as of the most recently completed Fiscal Month provided , that, upon thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice from the Administrative Agent, the Servicer shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent a weekly Interim Report with respect to the Pool Receivables with data as of the close of business on the Business Day preceding the date on which such Interim Report is delivered provided , further , that, at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may specify in such notice that such Interim Report be furnished to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent on a more frequent basis until the Administrative Agent gives notices otherwise. 
 
 (iii) Other Information. Such other information (including non-financial information) as the Administrative Agent or any Group Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 
 
 (c) Notices. The Servicer will notify the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent in writing of any of the following events promptly upon (but in no event later than three (3) Business Days after) a Financial Officer or other officer learning of the occurrence thereof, with such notice describing the same, and if applicable, the steps being taken by the Person(s) affected with respect thereto 
 
 (i) Notice of Events of Default or Unmatured Events of Default. A statement of a Financial Officer of the Servicer setting forth details of any Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing and the action which the Servicer proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 
 (ii) Representations and Warranties. The failure of any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by the Servicer under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be true and correct in any material respect when made. 
 
 (iii) Litigation. The institution of any litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (iv) Adverse Claim. (A) Any Person shall obtain an Adverse Claim upon the Collateral or any portion thereof, (B) any Person other than the Borrower, the Servicer or the Administrative Agent shall obtain any rights or direct any action with respect to any Collection Account (or related Lock-Box) or (C) any Obligor shall receive any change in payment instructions with respect to Pool Receivable(s) from a Person other than the Servicer or the Administrative Agent. 

(v) Name Changes. At least thirty (30) calendar days before any change in any Originator s or the Borrower s name, jurisdiction of organization or any other change requiring the amendment of UCC financing statements, a notice setting forth such changes and the effective date thereof. 
 
 (vi) Change in Accountants or Accounting Policy. Any change in (i) the external accountants of the Borrower, the Servicer, any Originator or the Parent, (ii) any accounting policy of the Borrower or (iii) any material accounting policy of any Originator that is relevant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (it being understood that any change to the manner in which any Originator accounts for the Pool Receivables shall be deemed material for such purpose). 
 
 (vii) Notice of Purchase and Sale Termination Event or Unmatured Purchase and Sale Termination Event. The occurrence of a Purchase and Sale Termination Event or an Unmatured Purchase and Sale Termination Event under the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 
 (viii) Material Adverse Change. Promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any material adverse change in the business, operations, property or financial or other condition of the Borrower, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any Originator (including, without limitation, a change to the Credit and Collection Procedures). 
 
 (d) Conduct of Business. The Servicer will carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted (except as would not change the general nature of the business of such Servicer and its Affiliates taken as a whole) and in businesses reasonably similar or related thereto, and will do all things necessary to remain duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a domestic corporation in its jurisdiction of organization and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted if the failure to have such authority could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (e) Compliance with Laws. The Servicer will comply with all Applicable Laws to which it may be subject if the failure to comply could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (f) Furnishing of Information and Inspection of Receivables. The Servicer will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent from time to time such information with respect to the Pool Receivables and the other Collateral as the Administrative Agent or any Group Agent may reasonably request. The Servicer will, (i) at the Servicer s expense, during regular business hours with prior written notice, permit the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent or their respective agents or representatives to (A) examine and make copies of and abstracts from all books and records relating to the Pool Receivables or other Collateral, (B) visit the offices and properties of the Servicer for the purpose of examining such books and records and (C) 

discuss matters relating to the Pool Receivables, the other Collateral or the Servicer s performance hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party with any of the officers, directors, employees or independent public accountants of the Servicer (provided that representatives of the Servicer are present during such discussions) having knowledge of such matters and (ii) without limiting the provisions of clause (i) above, during regular business hours, at the Servicer s expense, upon prior written notice from the Administrative Agent, permit certified public accountants or other auditors acceptable to the Administrative Agent to conduct a review of its books and records with respect to the Pool Receivables and other Collateral provided , that the Servicer shall be required to reimburse the Administrative Agent for only one (1) such review pursuant to clause (ii) above in any twelve-month period unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 (g) Payments on Receivables, Collection Accounts. The Servicer will at all times, instruct all Obligors to deliver payments on the Pool Receivables to a Collection Account or a Lock-Box provided , that, with respect to any FCX Receivables, up to five percent (5 of payments related to such FCX Receivables may be remitted into an account that is not a Collection Account provided , further , that upon notice by the Majority Group Agents to the Servicer that such remittance into an account that is not a Collection Account shall no longer be permitted, the Servicer shall promptly (but in no event later than the thirtieth (30th) calendar day following the date of such notice) (or instruct FCX to) (x) transfer the funds related to the FCX Receivables that are on deposit in an account other than a Collection Account into a Collection Account, (y) no longer deposit such funds into an account other than a Collection Account and (z) instruct the related obligors to deposit any such funds into a Collection Account. The Servicer will, at all times, maintain such books and records as are necessary to identify Collections received from time to time on Pool Receivables and to segregate such Collections from other property of the Servicer and the Originators. If any payments on the Pool Receivables or other Collections are received by the Borrower, the Servicer or an Originator, it shall hold such payments in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Group Agents and the other Secured Parties and promptly (but in any event within one (1) Business Day after receipt) remit such funds into a Collection Account (subject to the proviso above). The Servicer shall not permit funds other than Collections on Pool Receivables and other Collateral and remittances of funds for Subject Receivables (subject to the proviso below) to be deposited into any Collection Account. If such funds are nevertheless deposited into any Collection Account, the Servicer shall, within two (2) Business Days, (x) identify and transfer such funds to the appropriate Person entitled to such funds and (y) instruct such Person to no longer deposit any such funds into any such Collection Account. The Servicer will not, and will not permit the Borrower, any Originator or any other Person to commingle Collections or other funds to which the Administrative Agent, any Group Agent or any other Secured Party is entitled, with any other funds provided , that, up to twenty percent (20 of monthly cash receipts will be permitted to be related to the Subject Receivables provided , further that, upon notice by the Majority Group Agents to the Servicer that such commingling shall no longer be permitted, the Servicer shall promptly (but in no event later than the thirtieth (30th) calendar day following the date of such notice) instruct the Borrower, the related Subject Originator or such other Person to (x) transfer such funds related to the Subject Receivables into an account other than a Collection Account, (y) no longer deposit such 

funds into any Collection Account and (z) instruct the related obligors to no longer deposit any such funds into any such Collection Account. The Servicer shall only add a Collection Account (or a related Lock-Box) or a Collection Account Bank to those listed on Schedule II to this Agreement, if the Administrative Agent has received notice of such addition and an executed and acknowledged copy of an Account Control Agreement (or an amendment thereto) in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent from the applicable Collection Account Bank. The Servicer shall only terminate a Collection Account Bank or close a Collection Account (or a related Lock-Box) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (h) Extension or Amendment of Pool Receivables. Except as otherwise permitted in Section 8.02 , the Servicer will not alter the delinquency status or adjust the Outstanding Balance or otherwise modify the terms of any Pool Receivable in any material respect, or amend, modify or waive, in any material respect, any term or condition of any related Contract. The Servicer shall at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply in all material respects with all provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related to the Pool Receivables, and timely and fully comply with the Credit and Collection Procedures with regard to each Pool Receivable and the related Contract. 
 
 (i) Change in Credit and Collection Procedures. The Servicer will comply in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Procedures with regard to each Pool Receivable and the related Contracts. The Servicer will not make any material change in the Credit and Collection Procedures without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents. Promptly following any change in the Credit and Collection Procedures, the Servicer will deliver a copy of the updated Credit and Collection Procedures to the Administrative Agent and each Lender. 
 
 (j) Books and Records. The Servicer will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Pool Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Pool Receivables (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Pool Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each existing Pool Receivable). 
 
 (k) Identifying of Records. The Servicer shall identify its master data processing records relating to Pool Receivables and related Contracts with a legend that indicates that the Pool Receivables have been pledged in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 (l) Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors. The Servicer shall not (and shall not permit any Sub-Servicer to) add, replace or terminate any Collection Account (or any related Lock-Box) or make any change in its instructions to the Obligors regarding payments to be made to the Collection Accounts (or any related Lock-Box), other than any instruction to remit payments to a different Collection Account (or any related Lock-Box), unless the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) prior written notice of such addition, termination or change and (ii) a signed and acknowledged 

Account Control Agreement (or an amendment thereto) with respect to such new Collection Accounts (or any related Lock-Box) and the Administrative Agent shall have consented to such change in writing. 
 
 (m) Security Interest, Etc. The Servicer shall, at its expense, take all action necessary or reasonably desirable to establish and maintain a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim in favor of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties), including taking such action to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interest of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) as the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party may reasonably request. In order to evidence the security interests of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Servicer shall, from time to time take such action, or execute and deliver such instruments as may be necessary (including, without limitation, such actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent) to maintain and perfect, as a first-priority interest, the Administrative Agent s security interest in the Receivables, Related Security and Collections. The Servicer shall, from time to time and within the time limits established by law, prepare and present to the Administrative Agent for the Administrative Agent s authorization and approval, all financing statements, amendments, continuations or initial financing statements in lieu of a continuation statement, or other filings necessary to continue, maintain and perfect the Administrative Agent s security interest as a first-priority interest. The Administrative Agent s approval of such filings shall authorize the Servicer to file such financing statements under the UCC without the signature of the Borrower, any Originator or the Administrative Agent where allowed by Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything else in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Servicer shall not have any authority to file a termination, partial termination, release, partial release, or any amendment that deletes the name of a debtor or excludes collateral of any such financing statements filed in connection with the Transaction Documents, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (n) Further Assurances Change in Name or Jurisdiction of Origination, etc. The Servicer hereby authorizes and hereby agrees from time to time, at its own expense, promptly to execute (if necessary) and deliver all further instruments and documents, and to take all further actions, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to enable the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) to exercise and enforce the Secured Parties rights and remedies under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Without limiting the foregoing, the Servicer hereby authorizes, and will, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, at the Servicer s own expense, execute (if necessary) and file such financing statements or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, and such other instruments and documents, that may be necessary or reasonably desirable, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or evidence any of the foregoing. 
 
 (o) Transaction Information. None of the Servicer, any Affiliate of the Servicer or any third party with which the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof has contracted, shall deliver, in writing or orally, to any Rating Agency, any Transaction 

Information without providing such Transaction Information to the applicable Group Agent prior to delivery to such Rating Agency, and will not participate in any oral communications with respect to Transaction Information with any Rating Agency without the participation of such Group Agent. 
 
 (p) Anti-Money Laundering International Trade Law Compliance. The Servicer will not become a Sanctioned Person. No Covered Entity, either in its own right or through any third party, will (a) have any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law (b) do business in or with, or derive any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law (c) engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law or (d) use the proceeds of any Credit Extension to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law. The funds used to repay each Credit Extension will not be derived from any unlawful activity. The Servicer shall comply with all Anti-Terrorism Laws. The Servicer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event. 
 
 (q) Borrower s Tax Status. The Servicer shall not take or cause any action to be taken that could result in the Borrower (i) being treated other than as a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3 for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (ii) becoming an association taxable as a corporation or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 (r) Credit Risk Retention. The Servicer shall, and shall cause each Originator to, cooperate with each Credit Party (including by providing such information and entering into or delivering such additional agreements or documents reasonably requested by such Credit Party) to the extent reasonably necessary to assure such Credit Party that the Originators retain credit risk in the amount and manner required by the Credit Risk Retention Rules and to permit such Credit Party to perform its due diligence and monitoring obligations (if any) under the Credit Risk Retention Rules. 
 
 SECTION 7.03 Separate Existence of the Borrower. Each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby acknowledges that the Secured Parties, the Group Agents and the Administrative Agent are entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in reliance upon the Borrower s identity as a legal entity separate from any Originator, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor and their Affiliates. Therefore, each of the Borrower and Servicer shall take all steps specifically required by this Agreement or reasonably required by the Administrative Agent or any Group Agent to continue the Borrower s identity as a separate legal entity and to make it apparent to third Persons that the Borrower is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of the Performance Guarantor, the Originators, the Servicer and any other Person, and is not a division of the Performance Guarantor, the Originators, the Servicer, its Affiliates or any other Person. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in addition to and consistent with the other covenants set forth herein, each of the Borrower and the Servicer shall take such actions as shall be required in order that 

(a) Special Purpose Entity . The Borrower will be a special purpose company whose primary activities are restricted in its Certificate of Formation or Limited Liability Company Agreement to (i) purchasing or otherwise acquiring from the Originators, owning, holding, collecting, granting security interests or selling interests in, the Collateral, (ii) entering into agreements for the selling, servicing and financing of the Receivables Pool (including the Transaction Documents) and (iii) conducting such other activities as it deems necessary or appropriate to carry out its primary activities. 
 
 (b) No Other Business or Debt . The Borrower shall not engage in any business or activity except as set forth in this Agreement nor, incur any indebtedness or liability other than as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (c) Independent Director . Not fewer than one member of the Borrower s board of directors (the Independent Director shall be a natural person who (i) has never been, and shall at no time be, an equityholder, director, officer, manager, member, partner, officer, employee or associate, or any relative of the foregoing, of any member of the Parent Group (as hereinafter defined) (other than his or her service as an Independent Director of the Borrower or an independent director of any other bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity formed for the sole purpose of securitizing, or facilitating the securitization of, financial assets of any member or members of the Parent Group), (ii) is not a customer or supplier of any member of the Parent Group (other than his or her service as an Independent Director of the Borrower or an independent director of any other bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity formed for the sole purpose of securitizing, or facilitating the securitization of, financial assets of any member or members of the Parent Group), (iii) is not any member of the immediate family of a person described in (i) or (ii) above, and (iv) has (x) prior experience as an independent director for a corporation or limited liability company whose organizational or charter documents required the unanimous consent of all independent directors thereof before such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (y) at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. For purposes of this clause (c) , Parent Group shall mean (i) the Parent, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor and each Originator, (ii) each person that directly or indirectly, owns or controls, whether beneficially, or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, five percent (5 or more of the membership interests in the Parent, (iii) each person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Parent and (iv) each of such person s officers, directors, managers, joint venturers and partners. For the purposes of this definition, control of a person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. A person shall be deemed to be an associate of (A) a corporation or organization of which such person is an officer, director, partner or manager or is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of ten percent (10 or more of any class of equity securities, (B) any trust or other estate in which such person serves as trustee or in a similar capacity and (C) 

any relative or spouse of a person described in clause (A) or (B) of this sentence, or any relative of such spouse. 
 
 The Borrower shall (A) give written notice to the Administrative Agent of the election or appointment, or proposed election or appointment, of a new Independent Director of the Borrower, which notice shall be given not later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date such appointment or election would be effective (except when such election or appointment is necessary to fill a vacancy caused by the death, disability, or incapacity of the existing Independent Director, or the failure of such Independent Director to satisfy the criteria for an Independent Director set forth in this clause (c) , in which case the Borrower shall provide written notice of such election or appointment within one (1) Business Day) and (B) with any such written notice, certify to the Administrative Agent that the Independent Director satisfies the criteria for an Independent Director set forth in this clause (c) . 
 
 The Borrower s Limited Liability Company Agreement shall provide that (A) the Borrower s board of directors shall not approve, or take any other action to cause the filing of, a voluntary bankruptcy petition with respect to the Borrower unless the Independent Director shall approve the taking of such action in writing before the taking of such action and (B) such provision and each other provision requiring an Independent Director cannot be amended without the prior written consent of the Independent Director. 
 
 The Independent Director shall not at any time serve as a trustee in bankruptcy for the Borrower, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, any Originator, the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates. 
 
 (d) Organizational Documents . The Borrower shall maintain its organizational documents in conformity with this Agreement, such that it does not amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify its ability to comply with the terms and provisions of any of the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, Section 7.01(o) . 
 
 (e) Conduct of Business . The Borrower shall conduct its affairs strictly in accordance with its organizational documents and observe all necessary, appropriate and customary company formalities, including, but not limited to, holding all regular and special members and board of directors meetings appropriate to authorize all company action, keeping separate and accurate minutes of its meetings, passing all resolutions or consents necessary to authorize actions taken or to be taken, and maintaining accurate and separate books, records and accounts, including, but not limited to, payroll and intercompany transaction accounts. 
 
 (f) Compensation . Any employee, consultant or agent of the Borrower will be compensated from the Borrower s funds for services provided to the Borrower, and to the extent that Borrower shares the same officers or other employees as the Servicer (or any other Affiliate thereof), the salaries and expenses relating to providing benefits to such officers and other employees shall be fairly allocated among such entities, and each such entity shall bear its fair share of the salary and benefit costs associated with such 

common officers and employees. The Borrower will not engage any agents other than its attorneys, auditors and other professionals, and a servicer and any other agent contemplated by the Transaction Documents for the Receivables Pool, which servicer will be fully compensated for its services by payment of the Servicing Fee. 
 
 (g) Servicing and Costs . The Borrower will contract with the Servicer to perform for the Borrower all operations required on a daily basis to service the Receivables Pool. The Borrower will not incur any indirect or overhead expenses for items shared with the Servicer (or any other Affiliate thereof) that are not reflected in the Servicing Fee. To the extent, if any, that the Borrower (or any Affiliate thereof) shares items of expenses not reflected in the Servicing Fee, such as legal, auditing and other professional services, such expenses will be allocated to the extent practical on the basis of actual use or the value of services rendered, and otherwise on a basis reasonably related to the actual use or the value of services rendered. 
 
 (h) Operating Expenses . The Borrower s operating expenses will not be paid by the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, any Originator or any Affiliate thereof. 
 
 (i) Stationery . The Borrower will have its own separate stationery. 
 
 (j) Books and Records . The Borrower s books and records will be maintained separately from those of the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, the Originators and any of their Affiliates and in a manner such that it will not be difficult or costly to segregate, ascertain or otherwise identify the assets and liabilities of the Borrower. 
 
 (k) Disclosure of Transactions . All financial statements of the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, the Originators or any Affiliate thereof that are consolidated to include the Borrower will disclose that (i) the Borrower s sole business consists of the purchase or acceptance through capital contributions of the Receivables and Related Rights from the Originators and the subsequent retransfer of or granting of a security interest in such Receivables and Related Rights to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the Borrower is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, upon its liquidation, to be satisfied out of the Borrower s assets prior to any assets or value in the Borrower becoming available to the Borrower s equity holders and (iii) the assets of the Borrower are not available to pay creditors of the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, the Originators or any Affiliate thereof. 
 
 (l) Segregation of Assets . The Borrower s assets will be maintained in a manner that facilitates their identification and segregation from those of the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, the Originators or any Affiliates thereof. 
 
 (m) Corporate Formalities . The Borrower will strictly observe limited liability company formalities in its dealings with the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, the Originators or any Affiliates thereof, and funds or other assets of the Borrower will not be commingled with those of the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance 

Guarantor, the Originators or any Affiliates thereof except as permitted by this Agreement in connection with servicing the Pool Receivables. The Borrower shall not maintain joint bank accounts or other depository accounts to which the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, the Originators or any Affiliate thereof (other than the Servicer solely in its capacity as such) has independent access. The Borrower is not named, and has not entered into any agreement to be named, directly or indirectly, as a direct or contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy with respect to any loss relating to the property of the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, the Originators or any Subsidiaries or other Affiliates thereof. The Borrower will pay to the appropriate Affiliate the marginal increase or, in the absence of such increase, the market amount of its portion of the premium payable with respect to any insurance policy that covers the Borrower and such Affiliate. 
 
 (n) Arm s-Length Relationships . The Borrower will maintain arm s-length relationships with the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, the Originators and any Affiliates thereof. Any Person that renders or otherwise furnishes services to the Borrower will be compensated by the Borrower at market rates for such services it renders or otherwise furnishes to the Borrower. Neither the Borrower on the one hand, nor the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, any Originator or any Affiliate thereof, on the other hand, will be or will hold itself out to be responsible for the debts of the other or the decisions or actions respecting the daily business and affairs of the other. The Borrower, the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, the Originators and their respective Affiliates will immediately correct any known misrepresentation with respect to the foregoing, and they will not operate or purport to operate as an integrated single economic unit with respect to each other or in their dealing with any other entity. 
 
 (o) Allocation of Overhead . To the extent that Borrower, on the one hand, and the Servicer, the Parent, the Performance Guarantor, any Originator or any Affiliate thereof, on the other hand, have offices in the same location, there shall be a fair and appropriate allocation of overhead costs between them, and the Borrower shall bear its fair share of such expenses, which may be paid through the Servicing Fee or otherwise. 

ARTICLE VIII 
 
 ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION OF RECEIVABLES 
 
 SECTION 8.01 Appointment of the Servicer. 
 
 (a) The servicing, administering and collection of the Pool Receivables shall be conducted by the Person so designated from time to time as the Servicer in accordance with this Section 8.01 . Until the Administrative Agent gives notice to Applied Industrial (in accordance with this Section 8.01 of the designation of a new Servicer, Applied Industrial is hereby designated as, and hereby agrees to perform the duties and obligations of, the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may (with the consent of the Majority Group Agents) and shall (at the direction of the Majority Group Agents) designate as Servicer any Person (including itself) to succeed Applied Industrial or any successor Servicer, on 

the condition in each case that any such Person so designated shall agree to perform the duties and obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 
 (b) Upon the designation of a successor Servicer as set forth in clause (a) above, Applied Industrial agrees that it will terminate its activities as Servicer hereunder in a manner that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to the new Servicer, and Applied Industrial shall cooperate with and assist such new Servicer. Such cooperation shall include access to and transfer of records (including all Contracts) related to Pool Receivables and use by the new Servicer of all licenses (or the obtaining of new licenses), hardware or software necessary or reasonably desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security. 
 
 (c) Applied Industrial acknowledges that, in making its decision to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and each member in each Group have relied on Applied Industrial s agreement to act as Servicer hereunder. Accordingly, Applied Industrial agrees that it will not voluntarily resign as Servicer without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents. 
 
 (d) The Servicer may delegate its duties and obligations hereunder to any subservicer (each a Sub-Servicer provided , that, in each such delegation (i) such Sub-Servicer shall agree in writing to perform the delegated duties and obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the Servicer shall remain liable for the performance of the duties and obligations so delegated, (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Group Agent shall have the right to look solely to the Servicer for performance, (iv) the terms of any agreement with any Sub-Servicer shall provide that the Administrative Agent may terminate such agreement upon the termination of the Servicer hereunder by giving notice of its desire to terminate such agreement to the Servicer (and the Servicer shall provide appropriate notice to each such Sub-Servicer) and (v) if such Sub-Servicer is not an Affiliate of the Parent, the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents shall have consented in writing in advance to such delegation. 
 
 SECTION 8.02 Duties of the Servicer. 
 
 (a) The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such action as may be necessary or reasonably advisable to service, administer and collect each Pool Receivable from time to time, all in accordance with this Agreement and all Applicable Laws, with reasonable care and diligence, and in accordance with the Credit and Collection Procedures and consistent with the past practices of the Originators. The Servicer shall set aside, for the accounts of each Group, the amount of Collections to which each such Group is entitled in accordance with Article III hereof. The Servicer may, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Procedures and consistent with past practices of the Originators, take such action, including modifications, waivers or restructurings of Pool Receivables and related Contracts, as the Servicer may reasonably determine to be appropriate to maximize Collections thereof or reflect adjustments expressly permitted under the Credit and Collection Procedures or as expressly required under Applicable Laws or the applicable Contract provided , that for purposes of this Agreement (i) such 

action shall not, and shall not be deemed to, change the number of days such Pool Receivable has remained unpaid from the date of the original due date related to such Pool Receivable, (ii) such action shall not alter the status of such Pool Receivable as a Delinquent Receivable or a Defaulted Receivable or limit the rights of any Secured Party under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (iii) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Servicer may take such action only upon the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. The Borrower shall deliver to the Servicer and the Servicer shall hold for the benefit of the Administrative Agent (individually and for the benefit of each Group), in accordance with their respective interests, all records and documents (including computer tapes or disks) with respect to each Pool Receivable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may direct the Servicer to commence or settle any legal action to enforce collection of any Pool Receivable that is a Defaulted Receivable or to foreclose upon or repossess any Related Security with respect to any such Defaulted Receivable. 
 
 (b) The Servicer shall, as soon as practicable following actual receipt of collected funds, turn over to the Borrower the collections of any indebtedness that is not a Pool Receivable, less, if Applied Industrial or an Affiliate thereof is not the Servicer, all reasonable and appropriate out-of-pocket costs and expenses of such Servicer of servicing, collecting and administering such collections. The Servicer, if other than Applied Industrial or an Affiliate thereof, shall, as soon as practicable upon demand, deliver to the Borrower all records in its possession that evidence or relate to any indebtedness that is not a Pool Receivable, and copies of records in its possession that evidence or relate to any indebtedness that is a Pool Receivable. 
 
 (c) The Servicer s obligations hereunder shall terminate on the Final Payout Date. Promptly following the Final Payout Date, the Servicer shall deliver to the Borrower all books, records and related materials that the Borrower previously provided to the Servicer, or that have been obtained by the Servicer, in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 8.03 Collection Account Arrangements. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have entered into Account Control Agreements with all of the Collection Account Banks and delivered executed counterparts of each to the Administrative Agent. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may (with the consent of the Majority Group Agents) and shall (upon the direction of the Majority Group Agents) at any time thereafter give notice to each Collection Account Bank that the Administrative Agent is exercising its rights under the Account Control Agreements to do any or all of the following (a) to have the exclusive ownership and control of the Collection Accounts transferred to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and to exercise exclusive dominion and control over the funds deposited therein, (b) to have the proceeds that are sent to the respective Collection Accounts redirected pursuant to the Administrative Agent s instructions rather than deposited in the applicable Collection Account and (c) to take any or all other actions permitted under the applicable Account Control Agreement. The Borrower hereby agrees that if the Administrative Agent at any time takes any action set forth in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) of the proceeds (including Collections) of all Pool 

Receivables and the Borrower hereby further agrees to take any other action that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to transfer such control. Any proceeds of Pool Receivables received by the Borrower or the Servicer thereafter shall be sent immediately to, or as otherwise instructed by, the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SECTION 8.04 Enforcement Rights. 
 
 (a) At any time following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default 
 
 (i) the Administrative Agent (at the Borrower s expense) may direct the Obligors that payment of all amounts payable under any Pool Receivable is to be made directly to the Administrative Agent or its designee 
 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent may instruct the Borrower or the Servicer to give notice of the Secured Parties interest in Pool Receivables to each Obligor, which notice shall direct that payments be made directly to the Administrative Agent or its designee (on behalf of the Secured Parties), and the Borrower or the Servicer, as the case may be, shall give such notice at the expense of the Borrower or the Servicer, as the case may be provided , that if the Borrower or the Servicer, as the case may be, fails to so notify each Obligor within two (2) Business Days following instruction by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent (at the Borrower s or the Servicer s, as the case may be, expense) may so notify the Obligors 
 
 (iii) the Administrative Agent may request the Servicer to, and upon such request the Servicer shall (A) assemble all of the records necessary or desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security, and transfer or license to a successor Servicer the use of all software necessary or desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security, and make the same available to the Administrative Agent or its designee (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) at a place selected by the Administrative Agent and (B) segregate all cash, checks and other instruments received by it from time to time constituting Collections in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and, promptly upon receipt, remit all such cash, checks and instruments, duly endorsed or with duly executed instruments of transfer, to the Administrative Agent or its designee 
 
 (iv) the Administrative Agent may notify the Collection Account Banks that the Borrower and the Servicer will no longer have any access to the Collection Accounts 
 
 (v) the Administrative Agent may (or, at the direction of the Majority Group Agents shall) replace the Person then acting as Servicer and 
 
 (vi) the Administrative Agent may collect any amounts due from an Originator under the Purchase and Sale Agreement or the Performance Guarantor under the Performance Guaranty. 

(b) The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties), and irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution and with full authority in the place and stead of the Borrower, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to take any and all steps in the name of the Borrower and on behalf of the Borrower necessary or desirable, in the reasonable determination of the Administrative Agent, after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to collect any and all amounts or portions thereof due under any and all Collateral, including endorsing the name of the Borrower on checks and other instruments representing Collections and enforcing such Collateral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this subsection, none of the powers conferred upon such attorney-in-fact pursuant to the preceding sentence shall subject such attorney-in-fact to any liability if any action taken by it shall prove to be inadequate or invalid, nor shall they confer any obligations upon such attorney-in-fact in any manner whatsoever. 
 
 (c) The Servicer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties), and irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution and with full authority in the place and stead of the Servicer, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to take any and all steps in the name of the Servicer and on behalf of the Servicer necessary or desirable, in the reasonable determination of the Administrative Agent, after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to collect any and all amounts or portions thereof due under any and all Collateral, including endorsing the name of the Servicer on checks and other instruments representing Collections and enforcing such Collateral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this subsection, none of the powers conferred upon such attorney-in-fact pursuant to the preceding sentence shall subject such attorney-in-fact to any liability if any action taken by it shall prove to be inadequate or invalid, nor shall they confer any obligations upon such attorney-in-fact in any manner whatsoever. 
 
 SECTION 8.05 Responsibilities of the Borrower. 
 
 (a) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower shall (i) perform all of its obligations, if any, under the Contracts related to the Pool Receivables to the same extent as if interests in such Pool Receivables had not been transferred hereunder, and the exercise by the Administrative Agent, or any other Credit Party of their respective rights hereunder shall not relieve the Borrower from such obligations and (ii) pay when due any taxes, including any sales taxes payable in connection with the Pool Receivables and their creation and satisfaction. None of the Credit Parties shall have any obligation or liability with respect to any Collateral, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the Borrower, the Servicer or any Originator thereunder. 
 
 (b) Applied Industrial hereby irrevocably agrees that if at any time it shall cease to be the Servicer hereunder, it shall act (if the then-current Servicer so requests) as the data-processing agent of the Servicer and, in such capacity, Applied Industrial shall conduct the data-processing functions of the administration of the Receivables and the Collections thereon in substantially the same way that Applied Industrial conducted such 

data-processing functions while it acted as the Servicer. In connection with any such processing functions, the Borrower shall pay to Applied Industrial its reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses from the Borrower s own funds (subject to the priority of payments set forth in Section 3.01 ). 
 
 SECTION 8.06 Servicing Fee. 
 
 (a) Subject to clause (b) below, the Borrower shall pay the Servicer a fee (the Servicing Fee equal to 1.00 per annum (the Servicing Fee Rate of the daily average aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Pool Receivables. Accrued Servicing Fees shall be payable from Collections to the extent of available funds in accordance with Section 3.01. 
 
 (b) If the Servicer ceases to be Applied Industrial or an Affiliate thereof, the Servicing Fee shall be the greater of (i) the amount calculated pursuant to clause (a) above and (ii) an alternative amount specified by the successor Servicer not to exceed 110 of the aggregate reasonable costs and expenses incurred by such successor Servicer in connection with the performance of its obligations as Servicer hereunder. 

ARTICLE IX 
 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 SECTION 9.01 Events of Default. If any of the following events (each an Event of Default shall occur 
 
 (a) (i) the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (other than any such failure which would constitute an Event of Default under clause (ii) or (iii) of this Section 9.01(a) ), and such failure shall continue unremedied for thirty (30) calendar days solely to the extent (A) such failure is capable of being cured (as determined by the Administrative Agent) and (B) the Borrower, such Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer provides written notice to the Administrative Agent detailing the action which it is taking in order to cure such failure, (ii) the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer shall fail to make when due any payment or deposit to be made by it under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and such failure shall continue unremedied for two (2) Business Days (unless such failure is related to an Event of Default set forth in Section 9.01(h) or (iii) Applied Industrial shall resign as Servicer, and no successor Servicer reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent shall have been appointed 
 
 (b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer (or any of their respective officers) under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any information or report delivered by the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, 

shall prove to have been incorrect or untrue in any material respect when made or deemed made or delivered 
 
 (c) the Borrower or the Servicer shall fail to deliver an Information Package or Interim Report pursuant to this Agreement, and such failure shall remain unremedied for two (2) Business Days with respect to an Information Package or two (2) Business Days with respect to an Interim Report 
 
 (d) this Agreement or any security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall for any reason cease to create, or for any reason cease to be, a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent with respect to the Collateral, free and clear of any Adverse Claim 
 
 (e) the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or any Insolvency Proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against such Person (but not instituted by such Person), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) consecutive calendar days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur or the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer shall take any corporate or organizational action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this Section 9.01(e) 
 
 (f) (i) the average for three (3) consecutive Fiscal Months of (A) the Default Ratio shall exceed three and one-half percent (3.50 ), (B) the Delinquency Ratio shall exceed seven percent (7.00 or (C) the Dilution Ratio shall exceed six percent (6.00 or (ii) the Days Sales Outstanding shall exceed sixty five (65) calendar days 
 
 (g) a Change in Control shall occur 
 
 (h) a Borrowing Base Deficit shall occur, and shall not have been cured within two (2) Business Days 
 
 (i) (i) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any of its Debt when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period (not to exceed thirty (30) calendar days), if any, specified in the agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument relating to such Debt (whether or not such failure shall have been waived under the related agreement) (ii) any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer, or any of their respective Subsidiaries, individually or in the aggregate, shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any of its Debt that is outstanding in a principal amount of at least thirty million dollars 30,000,000) in the aggregate when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or 

otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period (not to exceed thirty (30) calendar days), if any, specified in the agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument relating to such Debt (whether or not such failure shall have been waived under the related agreement) (iii) any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument relating to any such Debt (as referred to in clause (i) or (ii) of this Section 9.01(i) and shall continue after the applicable grace period (not to exceed thirty (30) calendar days), if any, specified in such agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument (whether or not such failure shall have been waived under the related agreement), if the effect of such event or condition is to give the applicable debtholders the right (whether acted upon or not) to accelerate or permit the acceleration of the maturity of such Debt (as referred to in clause (i) or (ii) of this Section 9.01(i) or to terminate the commitment of any lender thereunder, or (iv) any such Debt (as referred to in c lause (i) or (ii) of this Section 9.01(i) shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased, or an offer to repay, redeem, purchase or defease such Debt shall be required to be made or the commitment of any lender thereunder terminated, in each case before the stated maturity thereof 
 
 (j) (i) the Performance Guarantor shall fail to perform any of its obligations under the Performance Guaranty (other than any such failure which would constitute an Event of Default under clause (ii) of this Section 9.01(j) ), and such failure shall continue unremedied for thirty (30) calendar days, solely to the extent (A) such failure is capable of being cured (as determined by the Administrative Agent) and (B) the Performance Guarantor provides written notice to the Administrative Agent detailing the action which it is taking in order to cure such failure, or (ii) the Performance Guarantor shall fail to make when due any payment or deposit to be made by it under the Performance Guaranty and such failure shall continue unremedied for two (2) Business Days (unless such failure is related to an Event of Default set forth in Section 9.01(h) 
 
 (k) the Borrower shall fail (x) at any time (other than for ten (10) Business Days following notice of the death or resignation of any Independent Director) to have an Independent Director who satisfies each requirement and qualification specified in Section 7.03(c) of this Agreement for Independent Directors, on the Borrower s board of directors or (y) to timely notify the Administrative Agent of any replacement or appointment of any director that is to serve as an Independent Director on the Borrower s board of directors as required pursuant to Section 7.03(c) of this Agreement 
 
 (l) there shall have occurred any event which materially adversely impairs, in the reasonable discretion of Administrative Agent, the collectibility of the Pool Receivables generally or any material portion thereof 
 
 (m) either (i) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 6323 of the Code with regard to any assets of the Borrower, any Originator or the Parent or (ii) the PBGC shall, or shall indicate its intention to, file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any of the assets of the Borrower, the Servicer, any Originator or the Parent 

(n) (i) the occurrence of a Reportable Event (ii) the adoption of an amendment to a Pension Plan that would require the provision of security pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code (iii) the existence with respect to any Multiemployer Plan of an accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Section 431 of the Code or Section 304 of ERISA), whether or not waived (iv) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan (v) the incurrence of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan or the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of any of the Borrower, any Originator, the Servicer, the Parent or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Multiemployer Plan (vi) the receipt by any of the Borrower, any Originator, the Servicer, the Parent or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from the PBGC or any plan administrator of any notice relating to the intention to terminate any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (vii) the receipt by the Borrower, any Originator, the Servicer, the Parent or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any notice concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA (viii) the occurrence of a prohibited transaction with respect to any of the Borrower, any Originator, the Servicer, the Parent or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates (pursuant to Section 4975 of the Code) or (ix) the occurrence or existence of any other similar event or condition with respect to a Pension Plan or a Multiemployer Plan, with respect to each of clause (i) through (ix) , either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 
 (o) a Purchase and Sale Termination Event shall occur under the Purchase and Sale Agreement 
 
 (p) the Borrower shall be required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act 
 
 (q) any material provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall cease to be in full force and effect or any of the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer (or any of their respective Affiliates) shall so state in writing 
 
 (r) one or more judgments or decrees shall be entered against the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer, or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing involving in the aggregate a liability (not paid or to the extent not covered by a reputable and solvent insurance company) and such judgments and decrees either shall be final and non-appealable or shall not be vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending appeal for any period of thirty (30) consecutive calendar days, and the aggregate amount of all such judgments equals or exceeds thirty million dollars 30,000,000) (or solely with respect to the Borrower, fifteen thousand dollars 15,000)) or 
 
 (s) the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any test period (as calculated in the related Credit Agreement) exceeds 4.25 to 1.00 (or any step-down or step-up thereof) 

then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent may (or, at the direction of the Majority Group Agents shall) by notice to the Borrower (x) declare the Termination Date to have occurred (in which case the Termination Date shall be deemed to have occurred), (y) declare the Final Maturity Date to have occurred (in which case the Final Maturity Date shall be deemed to have occurred) and (z) declare the Aggregate Capital and all other Borrower Obligations to be immediately due and payable (in which case the Aggregate Capital and all other Borrower Obligations shall be immediately due and payable) provide d that, automatically upon the occurrence of any event (without any requirement for the giving of notice) described in subsection (e) of this Section 9.01 , the Termination Date shall occur and the Aggregate Capital and all other Borrower Obligations shall be immediately due and payable. Upon any such declaration or designation or upon such automatic termination, the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties shall have, in addition to the rights and remedies which they may have under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, all other rights and remedies provided after default under the UCC and under other Applicable Law, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative. Any proceeds from liquidation of the Collateral shall be applied in the order of priority set forth in Section 3.01 . 

ARTICLE X 
 
 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 SECTION 10.01 Authorization and Action. Each Credit Party hereby appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties other than those expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents, and no implied obligations or liabilities shall be read into any Transaction Document, or otherwise exist, against the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent does not assume, nor shall it be deemed to have assumed, any obligation to, or relationship of trust or agency with, the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof or any Credit Party except for any obligations expressly set forth herein. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, in no event shall the Administrative Agent ever be required to take any action which exposes the Administrative Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to any provision of any Transaction Document or Applicable Law. 
 
 SECTION 10.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Etc. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them as Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Administrative Agent s servicing, administering or collecting Pool Receivables in the event it replaces the Servicer in such capacity pursuant to Section 8.01 ), in the absence of its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (a) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for any Credit Party or the Servicer), independent certified public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts (b) makes no warranty or representation to any Credit Party (whether written or oral) and shall not be responsible to any Credit Party for any statements, warranties or representations 

(whether written or oral) made by any other party in or in connection with this Agreement (c) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement on the part of any Credit Party or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of any Credit Party (d) shall not be responsible to any Credit Party for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto and (e) shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in so relying, upon any notice (including notice by telephone), consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by facsimile) believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties. 
 
 SECTION 10.03 Administrative Agent and Affiliates. With respect to any Credit Extension or interests therein owned by any Credit Party that is also the Administrative Agent, such Credit Party shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Credit Party and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any of its Affiliates may generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof and any Person who may do business with or own securities of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, all as if the Administrative Agent were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to any other Secured Party. 
 
 SECTION 10.04 Indemnification of Administrative Agent. Each Committed Lender agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof), ratably according to the respective Percentage of such Committed Lender, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Administrative Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document provided that no Committed Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 SECTION 10.05 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 
 SECTION 10.06 Action or Inaction by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to take action under any Transaction Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Group Agents or the Majority Group Agents, as the case may be, and assurance of its indemnification by the Committed Lenders, as it deems appropriate. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document in accordance with a request or at the direction of the Group Agents or the Majority Group Agents, as the case may be, and such request or direction and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all Credit Parties. The Credit 

Parties and the Administrative Agent agree that unless any action to be taken by the Administrative Agent under a Transaction Document (i) specifically requires the advice or concurrence of all Group Agents or (ii) may be taken by the Administrative Agent alone or without any advice or concurrence of any Group Agent, then the Administrative Agent may take action based upon the advice or concurrence of the Majority Group Agents. 
 
 SECTION 10.07 Notice of Events of Default Action by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from any Credit Party or the Borrower stating that an Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred hereunder and describing such Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default. If the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, it shall promptly give notice thereof to each Group Agent, whereupon each Group Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to its respective Conduit Lender(s) and Related Committed Lender(s). The Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, concerning an Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default or any other matter hereunder as the Administrative Agent deems advisable and in the best interests of the Secured Parties. 
 
 SECTION 10.08 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Parties. Each Credit Party expressly acknowledges that neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Administrative Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent. Each Credit Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent that, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, it has made and will continue to make its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions and creditworthiness of the Borrower, each Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer and the Pool Receivables and its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to take, or omit, action under any Transaction Document. Except for items expressly required to be delivered under any Transaction Document by the Administrative Agent to any Credit Party, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Credit Party with any information concerning the Borrower, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or the Servicer that comes into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its directors, officers, agents, employees, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 
 
 SECTION 10.09 Successor Administrative Agent. 
 
 (a) The Administrative Agent may, upon at least thirty (30) calendar days notice to the Borrower, the Servicer and each Group Agent, resign as Administrative Agent. Except as provided below, such resignation shall not become effective until a successor Administrative Agent is appointed by the Majority Group Agents as a successor Administrative Agent and has accepted such appointment. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Majority Group Agents, within thirty (30) calendar days after the departing Administrative Agent s giving of notice of 

resignation, the departing Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Secured Parties, appoint a successor Administrative Agent as successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Majority Group Agents within sixty (60) calendar days after the departing Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation, the departing Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Secured Parties, petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. 
 
 (b) Upon such acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of the resigning Administrative Agent, and the resigning Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Transaction Documents. After any resigning Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article X and Article XII shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SECTION 10.10 Structuring Agent. Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Structuring Agent shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement, other than the Structuring Agent s right to receive fees pursuant to Section 2.03 and expenses (if any) pursuant to Section 13.04 . Each Credit Party acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on the Structuring Agent in deciding to enter into this Agreement and to take, or omit to take, any action under any Transaction Document. 
 
 SECTION 10.11 Erroneous Payment. 
 
 (a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise), individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (ii) such Lender shall not assert any right or claim to the Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives an Erroneous Payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (i) that is in an amount different than (other than a de minimis difference), or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Erroneous Payment (an Erroneous Payment Notice ), or (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by an Erroneous Payment Notice, it shall be on notice that, in each such case, an error has been made with respect to such Erroneous Payment. Each Lender further agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) that was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 
 (c) The parties hereto hereby agree that (i) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (ii) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or the Servicer, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or the Servicer for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 
 
 (d) Each party s obligations under this Section 10.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Borrower Obligations (or any portion thereof) and the Servicer s obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Transaction Document. 

ARTICLE XI 
 
 THE GROUP AGENTS 
 
 SECTION 11.01 Authorization and Action. Each Credit Party that belongs to a Group hereby appoints and authorizes the Group Agent for such Group to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to such Group Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. No Group Agent shall have any duties other than those expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents, and no implied obligations or liabilities shall be read into any Transaction Document, or otherwise exist, against any Group Agent. No Group Agent assumes, nor shall it be deemed to have assumed, any obligation to, or relationship of trust or agency with the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, any Lender except for any obligations expressly set forth 

herein. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, in no event shall any Group Agent ever be required to take any action which exposes such Group Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to any provision of any Transaction Document or Applicable Law. 
 
 SECTION 11.02 Group Agent s Reliance, Etc. No Group Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them as a Group Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents in the absence of its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Group Agent (a) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or the Servicer), independent certified public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts (b) makes no warranty or representation to any Credit Party (whether written or oral) and shall not be responsible to any Credit Party for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made by any other party in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (c) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document on the part of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof or any other Person or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof (d) shall not be responsible to any Credit Party for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, any other Transaction Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto and (e) shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in so relying, upon any notice (including notice by telephone), consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by facsimile) believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties. 
 
 SECTION 11.03 Group Agent and Affiliates. With respect to any Credit Extension or interests therein owned by any Credit Party that is also a Group Agent, such Credit Party shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not a Group Agent. A Group Agent and any of its Affiliates may generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof and any Person who may do business with or own securities of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof or any of their respective Affiliates, all as if such Group Agent were not a Group Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to any other Secured Party. 
 
 SECTION 11.04 Indemnification of Group Agents. Each Committed Lender in any Group agrees to indemnify the Group Agent for such Group (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof), ratably according to the proportion of the Percentage of such Committed Lender to the aggregate Percentages of all Committed Lenders in such Group, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Group Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any action taken or omitted by such Group Agent under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document provided that no Committed Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, 

actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Group Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 SECTION 11.05 Delegation of Duties. Each Group Agent may execute any of its duties through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. No Group Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 
 SECTION 11.06 Notice of Events of Default. No Group Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default unless such Group Agent has received notice from the Administrative Agent, any other Group Agent, any other Credit Party, the Servicer or the Borrower stating that an Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred hereunder and describing such Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default. If a Group Agent receives such a notice, it shall promptly give notice thereof to the Credit Parties in its Group and to the Administrative Agent (but only if such notice received by such Group Agent was not sent by the Administrative Agent). A Group Agent may take such action concerning an Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default as may be directed by Committed Lenders in its Group representing a majority of the Commitments in such Group (subject to the other provisions of this Article XI ), but until such Group Agent receives such directions, such Group Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, as such Group Agent deems advisable and in the best interests of the Conduit Lenders and Committed Lenders in its Group. 
 
 SECTION 11.07 Non-Reliance on Group Agent and Other Parties. Each Credit Party expressly acknowledges that neither the Group Agent for its Group nor any of such Group Agent s directors, officers, agents or employees has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by such Group Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Group Agent. Each Credit Party represents and warrants to the Group Agent for its Group that, independently and without reliance upon such Group Agent, any other Group Agent, the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, it has made and will continue to make its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions and creditworthiness of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof and the Receivables and its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to take, or omit, action under any Transaction Document. Except for items expressly required to be delivered under any Transaction Document by a Group Agent to any Credit Party in its Group, no Group Agent shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Credit Party in its Group with any information concerning the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof that comes into the possession of such Group Agent or any of its directors, officers, agents, employees, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 
 
 SECTION 11.08 Successor Group Agent. Any Group Agent may, upon at least thirty (30) days notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Servicer and the Credit Parties in its Group, resign as Group Agent for its Group. Such resignation shall not become effective until a successor Group Agent is appointed by the Lender(s) in such Group. Upon such acceptance of its appointment as Group Agent for such Group hereunder by a successor Group Agent, such successor Group Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights and 

duties of the resigning Group Agent, and the resigning Group Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Transaction Documents. After any resigning Group Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article XI and Article XII shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was a Group Agent. 
 
 SECTION 11.09 Reliance on Group Agent. Unless otherwise advised in writing by a Group Agent or by any Credit Party in such Group Agent s Group, each party to this Agreement may assume that (i) such Group Agent is acting for the benefit and on behalf of each of the Credit Parties in its Group, as well as for the benefit of each assignee or other transferee from any such Person and (ii) each action taken by such Group Agent has been duly authorized and approved by all necessary action on the part of the Credit Parties in its Group. 

ARTICLE XII 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 SECTION 12.01 Indemnities by the Borrower. 
 
 (a) Without limiting any other rights that the Administrative Agent, the Credit Parties, the Affected Persons and their respective assigns, officers, directors, agents and employees (each, a Borrower Indemnified Party may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, the Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify each Borrower Indemnified Party from and against any and all claims, expenses, damages, losses and liabilities suffered or sustained (including Attorney Costs) (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as Borrower Indemnified Amounts arising out of, relating to or in connection this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the use of proceeds of the Credit Extensions or the security interest in respect of any Pool Receivable or any other Collateral excluding , however , (x) Borrower Indemnified Amounts to the extent a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Borrower Indemnified Amounts resulted solely from the gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct by the Borrower Indemnified Party seeking indemnification, (y) Borrower Indemnified Amounts to the extent a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Borrower Indemnified Amounts resulted solely from a material breach of a Transaction Document by the Borrower Indemnified Party seeking indemnification and (z) Taxes that are covered by Section 4.03 . Without limiting or being limited by the foregoing, the Borrower shall pay on demand (it being understood that if any portion of such payment obligation is made from Collections, such payment will be made at the time and in the order of priority set forth in Section 3.01 ), to each Borrower Indemnified Party any and all amounts necessary to indemnify such Borrower Indemnified Party from and against any and all Borrower Indemnified Amounts relating to or resulting from any of the following (but excluding Borrower Indemnified Amounts and Taxes described in clauses (x) , (y) and (z) above) 
 
 (i) any Pool Receivable which the Borrower or the Servicer includes as an Eligible Receivable as part of the Net Receivables Pool Balance but which is not an Eligible Receivable at such time 

(ii) any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by the Borrower (or any of its respective officers) under or in connection with this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents, any Information Package, Interim Report or any other information or report delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant hereto which shall have been untrue or incorrect when made or deemed made 
 
 (iii) the failure by the Borrower to comply with any Applicable Law with respect to any Pool Receivable or the related Contract or the failure of any Pool Receivable or the related Contract to conform to any such Applicable Law 
 
 (iv) the failure to vest in the Administrative Agent a first priority perfected security interest in all or any portion of the Collateral, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim 
 
 (v) the failure to have filed, or any delay in filing, financing statements, financing statement amendments, continuation statements or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or other Applicable Laws with respect to any Pool Receivable and the other Collateral and Collections in respect thereof, whether at the time of any Credit Extension or at any subsequent time 
 
 (vi) any dispute, claim or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy), of an Obligor to the payment of any Pool Receivable (including, without limitation, a defense based on such Pool Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from or relating to collection activities with respect to such Pool Receivable 
 
 (vii) any failure of the Borrower to perform any of its duties or obligations in accordance with the provisions hereof and of each other Transaction Document related to Pool Receivables or to timely and fully comply with the Credit and Collection Procedures in regard to each Pool Receivable 
 
 (viii) any products liability, environmental or other claim arising out of or in connection with any Pool Receivable or other merchandise, goods or services which are the subject of or related to any Pool Receivable 
 
 (ix) the commingling of Collections of Pool Receivables at any time with other funds 
 
 (x) any investigation, litigation or proceeding (actual or threatened) related to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the use of proceeds of any Credit Extensions or in respect of any Pool Receivable or other Collateral or any related Contract 
 
 (xi) any failure of the Borrower to comply with its covenants, obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document 

(xii) any offset, setoff, adjustment, or other non-cash reduction of any Pool Receivable (including Deemed Collections) not arising from the bankruptcy or insolvency, lack of creditworthiness or other financial default or inability to pay of the related Obligor any undisputed indebtedness 
 
 (xiii) any claim brought by any Person other than a Borrower Indemnified Party arising from any activity by the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower in servicing, administering or collecting any Pool Receivable 
 
 (xiv) the failure by the Borrower to pay when due any taxes, including, without limitation, sales, excise or personal property taxes 
 
 (xv) any failure of a Collection Account Bank to comply with the terms of the applicable Account Control Agreement, the termination by a Collection Account Bank prior to the appointment of a successor collection account bank or any amounts payable by the Administrative Agent to a Collection Account Bank under any Account Control Agreement 
 
 (xvi) any dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy of the Obligor) of the Obligor to the payment of any Pool Receivable (including, without limitation, a defense based on such Pool Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from the sale of goods or the rendering of services related to such Pool Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish any such goods or services or other similar claim or defense not arising from the financial inability of any Obligor to pay undisputed indebtedness 
 
 (xvii) any action taken by the Administrative Agent as attorney-in-fact for the Borrower, any Originator or the Servicer pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document 
 
 (xviii) the use of proceeds of any Credit Extension 
 
 (xix) any reduction in Capital as a result of the distribution of Collections if all or a portion of such distributions shall thereafter be rescinded or otherwise must be returned for any reason or 
 
 (xx) any failure by any Originator to provide an Obligor with an invoice evidencing indebtedness related to a Pool Receivable. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, solely for purposes of the Borrower s indemnification obligations in clauses (ii) , (iii) , (vii) and (xi) of this Article XII , any representation, warranty or covenant qualified by the occurrence or non-occurrence of a material adverse effect or similar concepts of materiality shall be deemed to be not so qualified. 

(c) If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to any Borrower Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold it harmless, then the Borrower shall contribute to such Borrower Indemnified Party the amount paid or payable by such Borrower Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests of the Borrower and its Affiliates on the one hand and such Borrower Indemnified Party on the other hand in the matters contemplated by this Agreement as well as the relative fault of the Borrower and its Affiliates and such Borrower Indemnified Party with respect to such loss, claim, damage or liability and any other relevant equitable considerations. The reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Borrower under this Section 12.01 shall be in addition to any liability which the Borrower may otherwise have, shall extend upon the same terms and conditions to each Borrower Indemnified Party, and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the Borrower and the Borrower Indemnified Parties. 
 
 (d) Any indemnification or contribution under this Section 12.01 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 12.02 Indemnification by the Servicer. 
 
 (a) The Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Credit Parties, the Affected Persons and their respective assigns, officers, directors, agents and employees (each, a Servicer Indemnified Party ), from and against any and all claims, expenses, damages, losses and liabilities suffered or sustained by reason of any acts, omissions or alleged acts or omissions arising out of activities of the Servicer pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including any judgment, award, settlement, Attorney Costs and other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the defense of any actual or threatened action, proceeding or claim (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as, Servicer Indemnified Amounts excluding (w) Servicer Indemnified Amounts to the extent a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Servicer Indemnified Amounts resulted solely from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct by the Servicer Indemnified Party seeking indemnification, (x) Servicer Indemnified Amounts to the extent a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Servicer Indemnified Amounts resulted solely from a material breach of a Transaction Document by the Servicer Indemnified Party seeking indemnification, (y) Taxes that are covered by Section 4.03 and (z) Servicer Indemnified Amounts to the extent the same includes losses in respect of Pool Receivables that are uncollectible solely on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy, lack of creditworthiness or other financial inability to pay of the related Obligor. Without limiting or being limited by the foregoing, the Servicer shall pay on demand, to each Servicer Indemnified Party any and all amounts necessary to indemnify such Servicer Indemnified Party from and against any and all Servicer Indemnified Amounts relating to or resulting from any of the following (but excluding Servicer Indemnified Amounts described in clauses (z) , (y) and (z) above) 
 
 (i) any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by the Servicer (or any of its respective officers) under or in connection with this 

Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents, any Information Package, Interim Report or any other information or report delivered by or on behalf of the Servicer pursuant hereto which shall have been untrue or incorrect when made or deemed made 
 
 (ii) the failure by the Servicer to comply with any Applicable Law with respect to any Pool Receivable or the related Contract or the failure of any Pool Receivable or the related Contract to conform to any such Applicable Law 
 
 (iii) the commingling of Collections of Pool Receivables at any time with other funds or 
 
 (iv) any failure of the Servicer to comply with its covenants, obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (including, without limitation, the failure or delay by the Servicer to provide, or cause the applicable Originator to provide, any Obligor with an invoice or other evidence of Indebtedness related to a Pool Receivable). 
 
 (b) If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to any Servicer Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold it harmless, then the Servicer shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Servicer Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests of the Servicer and its Affiliates on the one hand and such Servicer Indemnified Party on the other hand in the matters contemplated by this Agreement as well as the relative fault of the Servicer and its Affiliates and such Servicer Indemnified Party with respect to such loss, claim, damage or liability and any other relevant equitable considerations. The reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Servicer under this Section 12.02 shall be in addition to any liability which the Servicer may otherwise have, shall extend upon the same terms and conditions to Servicer Indemnified Party, and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the Servicer and the Servicer Indemnified Parties. 
 
 (c) Any indemnification or contribution under this Section 12.02 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE XIII 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 SECTION 13.01 Amendments, Etc. 
 
 No failure on the part of any Credit Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof shall be effective unless in a writing signed by the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents (and, in the case of any amendment, also 

signed by the Borrower), and then such amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that (A) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Servicer, affect the rights or duties of the Servicer under this Agreement (B) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent 
 
 (a) change (directly or indirectly) the definitions of, Borrowing Base Deficit, Defaulted Receivable, Delinquent Receivable, Eligible Receivable, Facility Limit, Final Maturity Date, Net Receivables Pool Balance or Total Reserves contained in this Agreement, or increase the then existing Concentration Percentage for any Obligor or change the calculation of the Borrowing Base 
 
 (b) reduce the amount of Capital or Interest or any Fee that is payable on account of any Loan or with respect to any other Credit Extension or delay any scheduled date for payment thereof 
 
 (c) change any Event of Default 
 
 (d) release all or a material portion of the Collateral from the Administrative Agent s security interest created hereunder 
 
 (e) release the Performance Guarantor from any of its obligations under the Performance Guaranty or terminate the Performance Guaranty 
 
 (f) change any of the provisions of this Section 13.01 or the definition of Majority Group Agents or 
 
 (g) change the order of priority in which Collections are applied pursuant to Section 3.01 . 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall increase any Committed Lender s Commitment hereunder without the consent of such Committed Lender and (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall reduce any Fees payable by the Borrower to any member of any Group or delay the dates on which any such Fees are payable, in either case, without the consent of the Group Agent for such Group and (iii) no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clauses (i) through (vii) above and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification. 
 
 SECTION 13.02 Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (which shall include facsimile communication) and faxed or delivered, to each party hereto, at its address set forth under its name on Schedule III hereto or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. Notices and communications by facsimile shall be effective when sent (and shall be followed by hard copy sent by regular mail), and notices and communications sent by other means shall be effective when received. 

SECTION 13.03 Assignability Addition of Lenders. 
 
 (a) Assignment by Conduit Lenders. This Agreement and the rights of each Conduit Lender hereunder (including each Loan made by it hereunder) shall be assignable by such Conduit Lender and its successors and permitted assigns (i) to any Program Support Provider of such Conduit Lender without prior notice to or consent from the Borrower or any other party, or any other condition or restriction of any kind, (ii) to any other Lender with prior notice to the Borrower but without consent from the Borrower or (iii) with the prior written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed provided , however , that such consent shall not be required if an Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to any other Eligible Assignee. Each assignor of a Loan or any interest therein may, in connection with the assignment or participation, disclose to the assignee or Participant any information relating to the Borrower and its Affiliates, including the Receivables, furnished to such assignor by or on behalf of the Borrower and its Affiliates or by the Administrative Agent provided that, prior to any such disclosure, the assignee or Participant agrees to preserve the confidentiality of any confidential information relating to the Borrower and its Affiliates received by it from any of the foregoing entities in a manner consistent with Section 13.06(b) . 
 
 (b) Assignment by Committed Lenders. Each Committed Lender may assign to any Eligible Assignee or to any other Committed Lender all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment and any Loan or interests therein owned by it) provided , however that 
 
 (i) except for an assignment by a Committed Lender to either an Affiliate of such Committed Lender or any other Committed Lender, each such assignment shall require the prior written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed provided , however , that such consent shall not be required if an Event of Default or an Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) 
 
 (ii) each such assignment shall be of a constant, and not a varying, percentage of all rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 
 (iii) the amount being assigned pursuant to each such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance Agreement with respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than the lesser of (x) five million dollars 5,000,000) and (y) all of the assigning Committed Lender s Commitment and 
 
 (iv) the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for its acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance Agreement. 
 
 Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Acceptance Agreement, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement, and to the extent that rights and obligations 

under this Agreement have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance Agreement, have the rights and obligations of a Committed Lender hereunder and (y) the assigning Committed Lender shall, to the extent that rights and obligations have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance Agreement, relinquish such rights and be released from such obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance Agreement covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Committed Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Committed Lender shall cease to be a party hereto). 
 
 (c) Register. The Administrative Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain at its address referred to on Schedule III of this Agreement (or such other address of the Administrative Agent notified by the Administrative Agent to the other parties hereto) a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance Agreement delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Committed Lenders and the Conduit Lenders, the Commitment of each Committed Lender and the aggregate outstanding Capital (and stated interest) of the Loans of each Conduit Lender and Committed Lender from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent, the Group Agents, and the other Credit Parties may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Committed Lender or Conduit Lender, as the case may be, under this Agreement for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Servicer, any Group Agent, any Conduit Lender or any Committed Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 
 (d) Procedure. Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance Agreement executed and delivered by an assigning Committed Lender and an Eligible Assignee or assignee Committed Lender, the Administrative Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance Agreement has been duly completed, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance Agreement, (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower and the Servicer. 
 
 (e) Participations. Each Committed Lender may sell participations to one or more Eligible Assignees (each, a Participant in or to all or a portion of its rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment and the interests in the Loans owned by it) provided , however , that 
 
 (i) such Committed Lender s obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment to the Borrower hereunder) shall remain unchanged, and 
 
 (ii) such Committed Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties to this Agreement for the performance of such obligations. 
 
 The Administrative Agent, the Group Agents, the Conduit Lenders, the other Committed Lenders, the Borrower and the Servicer shall have the right to continue to 

deal solely and directly with such Committed Lender in connection with such Committed Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 (f) Participant Register. Each Committed Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Committed Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any this Agreement) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Committed Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 
 (g) Assignments by Agents. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent herein shall be assignable by the Administrative Agent or such Group Agent, as the case may be, and its successors and assigns provided that in the case of an assignment to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or such Group Agent, so long as no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such assignment shall require the Borrower s consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 
 
 (h) Assignments by the Borrower or the Servicer . Neither the Borrower nor, except as provided in Section 8.01 , the Servicer may assign any of its respective rights or obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent (such consent to be provided or withheld in the sole discretion of such Person). 
 
 (i) Addition of Lenders or Groups . The Borrower may, with written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents, add additional Persons as Lenders (by creating a new Group) or cause an existing Lender to increase its Commitment provided , however , that the Commitment of any existing Lender may only be increased with the prior written consent of such Lender. Each new Lender (or Group) shall become a party hereto, by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, an assumption agreement (each, an Assumption Agreement in the form of Exhibit D hereto (which Assumption Agreement shall, in the case of any new Lender, be executed by each Person in such new Lender s Group). 
 
 (j) Pledge to a Federal Reserve Bank . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, (i) any Lender, Program Support Provider or any of their respective Affiliates may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any 

portion of its interest in, to and under this Agreement (including, without limitation, rights to payment of Capital and Interest) and any other Transaction Document to secure its obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, without notice to or the consent of the Borrower, the Servicer, any Affiliate thereof or any Credit Party provided , however , that that no such pledge shall relieve such assignor of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 (k) Pledge to a Security Trustee . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, (i) any Lender, Program Support Provider or any of their respective Affiliates may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its interest in, to and under this Agreement (including, without limitation, rights to payment of Capital and Interest) and any other Transaction Document to a security trustee in connection with the funding by such Person of Loans, without notice to or the consent of the Borrower, the Servicer, any Affiliate thereof or any Credit Party provided , however , that that no such pledge shall relieve such assignor of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 13.04 Costs and Expenses. In addition to the rights of indemnification granted under Section 12.01 hereof, the Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement, any Program Support Agreement (or any supplement or amendment thereof) related to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (together with all amendments, restatements, supplements, consents and waivers, if any, from time to time hereto and thereto), including, without limitation, (i) the reasonable Attorney Costs for the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent and the other Credit Parties and any of their respective Affiliates with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent and the other Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates as to their rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (ii) reasonable accountants , auditors and consultants fees and expenses for the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent and the other Credit Parties and any of their respective Affiliates and the fees and charges of any nationally recognized statistical rating agency incurred in connection with the administration and maintenance of this Agreement or advising the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party as to their rights and remedies under this Agreement or as to any actual or reasonably claimed breach of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable Attorney Costs), of the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent and the other Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates, incurred in connection with the enforcement of any of their respective rights or remedies under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 
 SECTION 13.05 No Proceedings Limitation on Payments. 
 
 (a) Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Servicer, each Group Agent, each Lender and each assignee of a Loan or any interest agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, any Conduit Lender any Insolvency Proceeding so long as any Notes or other senior indebtedness issued by such Conduit Lender shall be outstanding or there shall not have elapsed one year plus one day 

since the last day on which any such Notes or other senior indebtedness shall have been outstanding. 
 
 (b) Each of the Servicer, each Group Agent, each Lender and each assignee of a Loan or any interest therein, hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the Borrower any Insolvency Proceeding until one year and one day after the Final Payout Date provided , that the Administrative Agent may take any such action in its sole discretion following the occurrence of an Event of Default. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provisions contained in this Agreement to the contrary, a Conduit Lender shall not, and shall be under no obligation to, pay any amount, if any, payable by it pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless (i) such Conduit Lender has received funds which may be used to make such payment and which funds are not required to repay such Conduit Lender s Notes when due and (ii) after giving effect to such payment, either (x) such Conduit Lender could issue Notes to refinance all of its outstanding Notes (assuming such outstanding Notes matured at such time) in accordance with the program documents governing such Conduit Lender s securitization program or (y) all of such Conduit Lender s Notes are paid in full. Any amount which any Conduit Lender does not pay pursuant to the operation of the preceding sentence shall not constitute a claim (as defined in Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code) against or company obligation of such Conduit Lender for any such insufficiency unless and until such Conduit Lender satisfies the provisions of clauses (i) and (ii above. The provisions of this Section 13.05 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 13.06 Confidentiality. 
 
 (a) Each of the Borrower and the Servicer covenants and agrees to hold in confidence, and not disclose to any Person, the terms of this Agreement or any Fee Letter (including any fees payable in connection with this Agreement, such Fee Letter or any other Transaction Document or the identity of the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party), except as the Administrative Agent and each Group Agent may have consented to in writing prior to any proposed disclosure provided , however , that it may disclose such information (i) to its Advisors and Representatives, (ii) to the extent such information has become available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by or through the Borrower, the Servicer or their Advisors and Representatives or (iii) to the extent it should be (A) required by Applicable Law, or in connection with any legal or regulatory proceeding or (B) requested by any Governmental Authority to disclose such information provided , that, in the case of clause (iii) above, the Borrower and the Servicer will use reasonable efforts to maintain confidentiality and will (unless otherwise prohibited by Applicable Law) notify the Administrative Agent and the affected Credit Party of its intention to make any such disclosure prior to making such disclosure. Each of the Borrower and the Servicer agrees to be responsible for any breach of this Section 13.06 by its Representatives and Advisors and agrees that its Representatives and Advisors will be advised by it of the confidential nature of such information and shall agree to comply with this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly agreed that each of the Borrower, the Servicer and their respective Affiliates may publish a press 

release or otherwise publicly announce the existence and principal amount of the Commitments under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby provided that the Administrative Agent shall be provided a reasonable opportunity to review such press release or other public announcement prior to its release and provide comment thereon and provided , further, that no such press release shall name or otherwise identify the Administrative Agent, any other Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates without such Person s prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower consents to the publication by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party of a tombstone or similar advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Each of the Administrative Agent and each other Credit Party, severally and with respect to itself only, agrees to hold in confidence, and not disclose to any Person, any confidential and proprietary information concerning the Borrower, the Servicer and their respective Affiliates and their businesses or the terms of this Agreement (including any fees payable in connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents), except as the Borrower or the Servicer may have consented to in writing prior to any proposed disclosure provided , however , that it may disclose such information (i) to its Advisors and Representatives and to any related Program Support Provider, (ii) to its assignees and Participants and potential assignees and Participants and their respective counsel if they agree in writing to hold it confidential, (iii) to the extent such information has become available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by or through it or its Representatives or Advisors or any related Program Support Provider, (iv) to any nationally recognized statistical rating organization in connection with obtaining or maintaining the rating of any Conduit Lender s Notes or as contemplated by 17 CFR 240.17g-5(a)(3), (v) at the request of a bank examiner or other regulatory authority or in connection with an examination of any of the Administrative Agent, any Group Agent or any Lender or their respective Affiliates or Program Support Providers or (vi) to the extent it should be (A) required by Applicable Law, or in connection with any legal or regulatory proceeding or (B requested by any Governmental Authority to disclose such information provided , that, in the case of clause (vi) above, the Administrative Agent, each Group Agent and each Lender will use reasonable efforts to maintain confidentiality and will (unless otherwise prohibited by Applicable Law) notify the Borrower and the Servicer of its making any such disclosure as promptly as reasonably practicable thereafter. Each of the Administrative Agent, each Group Agent and each Lender, severally and with respect to itself only, agrees to be responsible for any breach of this Section 13.06 by its Representatives, Advisors and Program Support Providers and agrees that its Representatives, Advisors and Program Support Providers will be advised by it of the confidential nature of such information and shall agree to comply with this Section. 
 
 (c) As used in this Section, (i) Advisors means, with respect to any Person, such Person s accountants, attorneys and other confidential advisors and (ii) Representatives means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates, Subsidiaries, directors, managers, officers, employees, members, investors, financing sources, insurers, professional advisors, representatives and agents provided that such 

Persons shall not be deemed to Representatives of a Person unless (and solely to the extent that) confidential information is furnished to such Person. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent not inconsistent with applicable securities laws, each party hereto (and each of its employees, representatives or other agents) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure (as defined in Section 1.6011-4 of the Treasury Regulations) of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such Person relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. 
 
 SECTION 13.07 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION, THE EFFECT OF PERFECTION OR PRIORITY OF THE INTERESTS OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER IN THE COLLATERAL IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 
 SECTION 13.08 Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or other electronic means shall be equally effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart. 
 
 SECTION 13.09 Integration Binding Effect Survival of Termination. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents contain the final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof superseding all prior oral or written understandings. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms and shall remain in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date provided, however, that the provisions of Sections 4.01 , 4.02 , 4.03 , 10.04 , 10.06 , 11.04 , 12.01 , 12.02 , 13.04 , 13.05 , 13.06 , 13.09 , 13.11 and 13.13 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 13.10 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. 
 
 (a) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO (I) WITH RESPECT TO THE BORROWER AND THE SERVICER, THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION, AND (II) WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION, IN EACH CASE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 

AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, AND EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING (I) IF BROUGHT BY THE BORROWER, THE SERVICER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED, AND (II) IF BROUGHT BY ANY OTHER PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED, IN EACH CASE, IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 13.10 SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT PARTY TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE BORROWER OR THE SERVICER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND THE SERVICER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 
 
 (b) EACH OF THE BORROWER AND THE SERVICER CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES OF SUCH PROCESS TO IT AT ITS ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 13.02 . NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 13.10 SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT PARTY TO SERVE LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. 
 
 SECTION 13.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT. 
 
 SECTION 13.12 Ratable Payments. If any Credit Party, whether by setoff or otherwise, has payment made to it with respect to any Borrower Obligations in a greater proportion than that received by any other Credit Party entitled to receive a ratable share of such Borrower Obligations, such Credit Party agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase for cash without recourse or warranty a portion of such Borrower Obligations held by the other Credit Parties so that after such purchase each Credit Party will hold its ratable proportion of such Borrower Obligations provided that if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter recovered from such Credit Party, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 
 
 SECTION 13.13 Limitation of Liability. 

(a) No claim may be made by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof or any other Person against any Credit Party or their respective Affiliates, members, directors, officers, employees, incorporators, attorneys or agents for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection herewith or therewith and each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. None of the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates shall have any liability to the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof or any other Person asserting claims on behalf of or in right of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof in connection with or as a result of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses incurred by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof result from the breach of contract, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Credit Party in performing its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 (b) The obligations of the Administrative Agent and each of the other Credit Parties under this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents are solely the corporate obligations of such Person. No recourse shall be had for any obligation or claim arising out of or based upon this Agreement or any other Transaction Document against any member, director, officer, employee or incorporator of any such Person. 
 
 SECTION 13.14 Intent of the Parties. The Borrower has structured this Agreement with the intention that the Loans and the obligations of the Borrower hereunder will be treated under United States federal, and applicable state, local and foreign tax law as debt (the Intended Tax Treatment ). The Borrower, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties agree to file no tax return, or take any action, inconsistent with the Intended Tax Treatment unless required by law. Each assignee and each Participant acquiring an interest in a Credit Extension, by its acceptance of such assignment or participation, agrees to comply with the immediately preceding sentence. 
 
 SECTION 13.15 USA Patriot Act. Each of the Administrative Agent and each of the other Credit Parties hereby notifies the Borrower and the Servicer that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) (the PATRIOT Act ), the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, the Originators, the Servicer and the Performance Guarantor, which information includes the name, address, tax identification number and other information regarding the Borrower, the Originators, the Servicer and the Performance Guarantor that will allow the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties to identify the Borrower, the Originators, the Servicer and the Performance Guarantor in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the PATRIOT Act. Each of the Borrower and the Servicer agrees to provide the Administrative Agent and each other Credit Parties such information and documentation as may reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent or any Credit Party, from time to time, for 

purposes of compliance by the Administrative Agent or such Credit Party with Applicable Laws (including without limitation the PATRIOT Act and other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations) and any policy or procedure implemented by the Administrative Agent or such Credit Party to comply therewith. 
 
 SECTION 13.16 Right of Setoff. Each Credit Party is hereby authorized (in addition to any other rights it may have), at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, to setoff, appropriate and apply (without presentment, demand, protest or other notice which are hereby expressly waived) any deposits and any other indebtedness held or owing by such Credit Party (including by any branches or agencies of such Credit Party) to, or for the account of, the Borrower or the Servicer against amounts owing by the Borrower or the Servicer hereunder (even if contingent or unmatured) provided that such Credit Party shall notify the Borrower or the Servicer, as applicable, promptly following such setoff. 
 
 SECTION 13.17 Severability. Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 SECTION 13.18 Mutual Negotiations. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are the product of mutual negotiations by the parties thereto and their counsel, and no party shall be deemed the draftsperson of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any provision hereof or thereof or to have provided the same. Accordingly, in the event of any inconsistency or ambiguity of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, such inconsistency or ambiguity shall not be interpreted against any party because of such party s involvement in the drafting thereof. 
 
 SECTION 13.19 Captions and Cross References. The various captions (including the table of contents) in this Agreement are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Agreement to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are to such Section Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, as the case may be, and references in any Section, subsection, or clause to any subsection, clause or subclause are to such subsection, clause or subclause of such Section, subsection or clause. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 
 AIT RECEIVABLES LLC , 
 as the Borrower 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, 
 INC. , 
 as the Servicer and as an Originator 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as the Administrative Agent 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as the Group Agent for the PNC Group 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Committed Lender 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

ACCEPTED AND ACKNOWLEDGED 
 SOLELY WITH RESPECT TO 
 SECTION 10.10 HEREOF 
 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC , 
 as the Structuring Agent 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

REGIONS BANK , 
 as a Committed Lender 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 REGIONS BANK , 
 as the Group Agent for the Regions Group 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT A 
 Form of Loan Request 
 
 Letterhead of Borrower 
 
 Date Administrative Agent 
 
 Group Agents 
 
 Re Loan Request 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2018 among AIT Receivables LLC (the Borrower ), Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as Servicer (the Servicer ), the Lenders party thereto, the Group Agents party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent (the Structuring Agent (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). Capitalized terms used in this Loan Request and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Agreement. 
 
 This letter constitutes a Loan Request pursuant to Section 2.02(a) of the Agreement. The Borrower hereby request a Loan in the amount of _______ to be made on _____, 20__ (of which ___ will be funded by the PNC Group and ___ will be funded by the ___ Group . The proceeds of such Loan should be deposited to Account number , at Name, Address and ABA Number of Bank . After giving effect to such Loan, the Aggregate Capital will be _______ . 
 
 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to such Credit Extension, as follows 
 
 (i) the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Servicer contained in Sections 6.01 and 6.02 of the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension as though made on and as of such date unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of such earlier date 
 
 (ii) no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default would result from such Credit Extension 
 
 (iii) no Borrowing Base Deficit exists or would exist after giving effect to such Credit Extension 

(iv) the Aggregate Capital will not exceed the Facility Limit 
 
 (v) the sum of (A) the Capital of the applicable Lender, plus (B) the aggregate outstanding Capital of each other Lender in its Group, would not exceed the Group Commitment of such Lender s Group 
 
 (vi) if the applicable Lender is a Committed Lender, the aggregate outstanding Capital of such Committed Lender would not exceed its Commitment 
 
 (vii) the Aggregate Capital would not exceed the Borrowing Base at such time and 
 
 (viii) the Termination Date has not occurred. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this letter by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written. 
 
 Very truly yours, 

AIT RECEIVABLES LLC 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT B 
 Form of Reduction Notice 
 
 Letterhead of Borrower 
 
 Date 
 
 Administrative Agent 
 
 Group Agents 
 
 Re Reduction Notice 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2018 among AIT Receivables LLC (the Borrower ), Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as Servicer (the Servicer ), the Lenders party thereto, the Group Agents party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent (the Structuring Agent (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). Capitalized terms used in this Reduction Notice and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Agreement. 
 
 This letter constitutes a Reduction Notice pursuant to Section 2.02(d) of the Agreement. The Borrower hereby notifies the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that it shall prepay the outstanding Capital of the Lenders in the amount of _______ to be made on _____, 201_ . After giving effect to such prepayment, the Aggregate Capital will be _______ . 
 
 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to such reduction, as follows 
 
 (i) the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Servicer contained in Sections 6.01 and 6.02 of the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of the date of such prepayment as though made on and as of such date unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless such representations and warranties contain a materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as made) on and as of such earlier date 
 
 (ii) no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default would result from such prepayment 
 
 (iii) no Borrowing Base Deficit exists or would exist after giving effect to such prepayment 

(iv) the Aggregate Capital would not equal an amount less than the Minimum Funding Threshold and 
 
 (v) the Termination Date has not occurred 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this letter by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 AIT RECEIVABLES LLC 

By ___________________ 
 Name ________________ 
 Title _________________ 

EXHIBIT C 
 Form of Assignment and Acceptance Agreement 
 
 Dated as of ___________, 20__ 

Section 1 . 
 
 Commitment assigned _____ Assignor s remaining Commitment _____ Capital allocable to Commitment assigned _____ Assignor s remaining Capital _____ Interest (if any) allocable to Capital assigned _____ Interest (if any) allocable to Assignor s remaining Capital _____ 
 
 Section 2 . 
 
 Effective Date of this Assignment and Acceptance Agreement __________ 
 
 Upon execution and delivery of this Assignment and Acceptance Agreement by the assignee and the assignor and the satisfaction of the other conditions to assignment specified in Section 13.03(b) of the Agreement (as defined below), from and after the effective date specified above, the assignee shall become a party to, and, to the extent of the rights and obligations thereunder being assigned to it pursuant to this Assignment and Acceptance Agreement, shall have the rights and obligations of a Committed Lender under that certain Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2018 among AIT Receivables LLC (the Borrower ), Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as Servicer (the Servicer ), the Lenders party thereto, the Group Agents party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent (the Structuring Agent (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 

ASSIGNOR _________ 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

ASSIGNEE _________ 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Address 

Accepted as of date first above 
 written 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as Administrative Agent 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

AIT RECEIVABLES LLC , 
 as Borrower 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 Form of Assumption Agreement 
 
 THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of ______ __, ____ , is among ____________________ (the Borrower ), ________ , as conduit lender (the _____ Conduit Lender ), ________ , as the Related Committed Lender (the ______ Committed Lender and together with the Conduit Lender, the _____ Lenders ), and ________ , as group agent for the _____ Lenders (the ______ Group Agent and together with the _____ Lenders, the _______ Group ). 
 
 BACKGROUND 
 
 The Borrower and various others are parties to a certain Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2018 (as amended through the date hereof and as the same may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Financing Agreement ). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meaning assigned to such terms in the Receivables Financing Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. This letter constitutes an Assumption Agreement pursuant to Section 13.03(i) of the Receivables Financing Agreement. The Borrower desires the _____ Lenders the ______ Committed Lender to become a Group increase its existing Commitment under the Receivables Financing Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Receivables Financing Agreement, the the _____ Lenders the ______ Committed Lender agree s to become Lenders within a Group thereunder increase its Commitment to the amount set forth as its Commitment under the signature of such ______ Committed Lender hereto . 
 
 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the the _____ Lenders the ______ Committed Lender and the _________ Group Agent as of the date hereof, as follows 
 
 (i) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Section 6.01 of the Receivables Financing Agreement are true and correct on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date 
 
 (ii) no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the assumption contemplated hereby and 
 
 (iii) the Termination Date shall not have occurred. 
 
 SECTION 2. Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Borrower and each member of the ______ Group the _____ Lenders the ______ Committed Lender , satisfaction of the other conditions with respect to the addition of a Group specified in Section 13.03(i) of the Receivables Financing Agreement (including the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Group Agents) and receipt by the Administrative Agent 

of counterparts of this Agreement (whether by facsimile or otherwise) executed by each of the parties hereto, the _____ Lenders shall become a party to, and have the rights and obligations of Lenders under, the Receivables Financing Agreement and the Commitment with respect to the Committed Lenders in such Group as shall be as set forth under the signature of each such Committed Lender hereto the ______ Committed Lender shall increase its Commitment to the amount set forth as the Commitment under the signature of the ______ Committed Lender hereto . 
 
 SECTION 3. Each party hereto hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, any Conduit Lender, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, or other proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law, for one year and one day after the latest maturing commercial paper notes or other senior indebtedness issued by such Conduit Lender is paid in full. The covenant contained in this paragraph shall survive any termination of the Receivables Financing Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 4. THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF). This Agreement may not be amended or supplemented except pursuant to a writing signed be each of the parties hereto and may not be waived except pursuant to a writing signed by the party to be charged. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and by the different parties on different counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 
 
 ___________ , as a Conduit Lender 

By _______________________ 
 Name Printed ______________ 
 Title 
 Address 

___________ , as a Committed Lender 

By _______________________ 
 Name Printed ______________ 
 Title 
 Address 
 Commitment 

_____________ , as Group Agent for _________ 

By _______________________ 
 Name Printed ______________ 
 Title 
 Address 

AIT RECEIVABLES LLC, as Borrower 

By _________________________________ 
 Name Printed ________________________ 
 Title _______________________________ 

EXHIBIT E 
 Credit and Collection Procedures 
 
 (Attached) 

EXHIBIT F 
 Form of Information Package 
 
 (Attached) 

EXHIBIT G 
 Form of Compliance Certificate 
 
 To PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent 
 This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2018 among AIT Receivables LLC (the Borrower ), Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., as Servicer (the Servicer ), the Lenders party thereto, the Group Agents party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent (the Structuring Agent (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT 
 
 1. I am the duly elected ________________of the Servicer. 
 
 2. I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition of the Borrower during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 
 
 3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 above did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Event of Default, as each such term is defined under the Agreement, during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Certificate , except as set forth in paragraph 5 below . 
 
 4. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period referenced on such Schedule I . 
 
 5. Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 above by listing, in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event 

The foregoing certifications are made and delivered this ______ day of ___________________, 20___. 

_________ 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 
 A. Schedule of Compliance as of ___________________, 20__ with Section 7.02(b)(i) of the Agreement. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. 
 
 This schedule relates to the month ended __________________. 
 
 B. The following financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period ending on ______________, 20__, are attached hereto 

EXHIBIT H 
 Closing Memorandum 
 
 (On File) 

EXHIBIT I 
 Form of Interim Report 
 
 (On File) 

SCHEDULE I 
 Commitments 
 
 PNC Group Party Capacity Maximum Commitment PNC Committed Lender 200,000,000 PNC Group Agent N A Regions Group Party Capacity Maximum Commitment Regions Bank Committed Lender 50,000,000 Regions Bank Group Agent N A 

SCHEDULE II 
 Lock-Boxes, Collection Accounts and Collection Account Banks 
 
 Collection Account Bank Lock-Box Collection Account JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. LBX # redacted redacted LBX # redacted LBX # redacted LBX # redacted LBX # redacted LBX # redacted KeyBank National Association redacted redacted 

SCHEDULE III 
 Notice Addresses 
 
 (A) in the case of the Borrower, at the following address 
 
 AIT Receivables LLC 
 One Applied Plaza, MS-4 
 Cleveland, Ohio 44115 
 Attention Ryan Cieslak 
 Telephone (216) 426-4887 
 Facsimile (216) 426-4826 
 Email rcieslak applied.com 
 
 (B) in the case of the Servicer, at the following address 
 
 Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. 
 One Applied Plaza, MS-56 
 Cleveland, Ohio 44115 
 Attention Fred D. Bauer, Esq. 
 Telephone (216) 426-4000 
 Facsimile (216) 426-4826 
 Email fbauer applied.com 
 
 (C) in the case of PNC or the Administrative Agent, at the following address 
 
 PNC Bank, National Association 
 The Tower at PNC Plaza 
 300 Fifth Avenue, 11 th Floor 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 Attention Brian Stanley 
 Telephone (412) 768-2001 
 Facsimile (412) 803-7142 
 Email brian.stanley pnc.com 
 ABFAdmin pnc.com 
 
 (D) in the case of Regions Bank, at the following address 
 Regions Bank 
 1180 West Peachtree Street NW, Suite 1000 
 Atlanta, GA 30309 
 Attention Cecil Noble 
 Telephone (404) 221-4571 
 Email cecil.noble regions.com regionsbusinesscapital regions.com 
 
 (E) in the case of any other Person, at the address for such Person specified in the other Transaction Documents in each case, or at such other address as shall be designated by such Person in a written notice to the other parties to this Agreement. 

SCHEDULE IV 
 Excluded Obligors 
 
 (None) 

SCHEDULE V 
 Subject Originators 
 
 1. Applied US Energy, Inc., an Ohio corporation 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-10.18>
 4
 exhibit1018kerp.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.18 

Schedule of Key Executive Restoration Plan Participants 

Current executive officer 
 
 Neil A. Schrimsher 
 Warren E. Hoffner 
 Kurt W. Loring 
 Jon S. Ploetz 
 Jason W. Vasquez 
 David K. Wells 
 
 The Executive Organization & Compensation Committee has set the Company Contribution Percentage for Mr. Schrimsher at 10 . 

1 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-19>
 5
 exhibit19-xinsidertradingp.htm
 EX-19

Document 

EXHIBIT 19 
 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 (Effective 8 08 2023) 

CONTENTS 
 
 I. Introduction 
 II. Applicability 
 III. Policy 
 IV. Definitions and Explanations 
 V. Guidelines 
 VI. Additional Restrictions and Requirements for Directors, Officers, and Other Specified Insiders 
 VII. Penalties and Discipline for Non-Compliance 
 VIII. Post-Termination Transactions 
 IX. Implementation 

I. INTRODUCTION 
 
 With this policy, we aim to promote compliance with securities laws by Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, Applied ), and our directors, officers, and other associates. 

II. APPLICABILITY 
 
 The policy applies to directors, officers, and other associates, whether located in or outside the United States. This policy also applies to temporary associates, contractors, representatives, consultants, advisors, and agents of Applied. Please direct questions regarding this policy to Applied s general counsel. 

III. POLICY 
 
 If a director, officer, other associate, temporary associate, contractor, representative, consultant, advisor, or agent of Applied knows or has access to material nonpublic information (defined below) relating to Applied, it s our policy that neither that person nor any Related Person (defined below), such as a family member, may buy or sell Applied stock or other securities or otherwise take advantage of, or pass on to others, that information. 
 
 This policy also applies to material nonpublic information relating to any other company with publicly traded securities, including customers or suppliers, obtained in the course of employment by or association with Applied. 
 
 To avoid even the appearance of impropriety, additional restrictions on trading Applied securities apply to directors, officers, and other specified insiders. See Section VI. 
 
 Our policy reflects an important principle that persons trading in securities should have equal access to information so that there s a level playing field. 

IV . DEFINITIONS AND EXPLANATIONS 
 
 A. What s Material Information 
 
 A fact is considered material if there s a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making a decision to buy, sell, or hold a security, or if the fact is likely to have a significant effect on the security s market price. Material information can be positive or negative and can relate to any aspect of a business and to any security, whether debt or equity. 
 
 Some examples of information that may be material include 
 
 Unpublished financial results or projections of future results 
 Pending or proposed company transaction 
 Developments that may lead to a change in control 
 Changes in business objectives 
 Significant sale or purchase of assets 
 Changes in dividend policies 
 Changes in executive management 
 Gain or loss of, or significant change in relationship with, a substantial vendor or customer 
 New securities offering 
 Significant write-down in assets or increases in reserves 
 Impending bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems 
 Significant disruption in the company s operations or loss, potential loss, breach, or unauthorized access of its properties or assets, including its facilities or information technology infrastructure (e.g., a significant cybersecurity incident, such as a data breach) 
 Significant exposure due to actual or threatened litigation or an investigation by a governmental or regulatory authority 
 Anything else that might have a significant effect on financial statements or on the public s perception of a company 
 
 Other items of information may also be material, depending on the circumstances. If you are unsure whether information is material, consult with Applied s general counsel. 
 
 B. What s Nonpublic Information 
 
 Information is nonpublic if it s not available to the general public. For information to be considered public , it must be widely disseminated in a manner making it generally available to investors by a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), or through such media as Dow Jones, Reuters, The Wall Street Journal , or the Associated Press, or through a pre-announced public conference call or webcast. 
 
 Even after a public announcement of information, a reasonable period of time should elapse to allow the market to react. Generally, one should allow approximately two full trading days after publication as a reasonable waiting period before considering information to be public. So, if a public announcement of material information is made on a Monday after trading begins, an employee may trade in Applied stock starting on Thursday, because two full trading days would have elapsed (all of Tuesday and Wednesday). If the announcement is made on Friday after trading begins, employees should not trade in Applied stock until Wednesday of the following week. 

If you are unsure whether information is nonpublic, consult with Applied s general counsel. 
 
 C. Who s a Related Person 
 
 A Related Person includes your spouse, minor children, and anyone else living in your home partnerships of which you re a general partner trusts of which you re a trustee and estates of which you re an executor. Although a parent or sibling might not be considered a Related Person (unless living in the same household with you), either could be a tippee for securities laws purposes. See Section V.D. below for more on tipping. 
 
 You are responsible for compliance with this policy by your Related Persons your family and other individuals in your household . 

V. GUIDELINES 
 
 A. Disclosure of Material Nonpublic Information 
 
 You must not disclose material nonpublic information to anyone, except persons within Applied or agents of Applied (such as investment bankers, independent auditors, or outside lawyers) whose positions require them to know the information, until it has been publicly released by Applied. You should tell individuals to whom you disclose the information that it is subject to this policy. 
 
 B. Prohibited Trading in Applied Securities 
 
 No person may buy or sell or recommend that another person buy or sell Applied stock (including transfers of funds in plan accounts) when he or she has knowledge of material nonpublic information about Applied. 
 
 The prohibition applies whether or not the trade would have been made absent the knowledge of material nonpublic information. 
 
 The prohibition does not apply, however, to the following types of transactions 
 
 Transactions made pursuant to a prearranged written stock trading plan entered into (under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b5-1(c) and in compliance with Applied s procedures) during a trading window (see Section VI.B., below) when the person does not possess material nonpublic information. 
 
 Purchases made as a result of pre-existing regularly scheduled contributions (e.g., through payroll deduction) or reinvested dividends in Applied s Retirement Savings Plan RSP or Dividend Reinvestment Plan DRIP ). However, all Applied stock held in those plans is subject to this policy and may not be sold by an associate who possesses material nonpublic information. 
 
 Transactions in mutual funds, index funds, exchange-traded funds, or similar highly diversified publicly offered or traded investment vehicles that hold Applied stock are not subject to this policy. 

C. 20 20 Hindsight 
 
 Before engaging in any trade, you should carefully consider how the SEC, the media, or our shareholders would view it in hindsight. Would your trade stand up to scrutiny if all the facts were reported in The Wall Street Journal Again, if you have questions, consult Applied s general counsel. 
 
 D. Tipping Information to Others 
 
 Even if you don t buy or sell stock on your own, you can still be held liable for communicating tipping nonpublic information to someone else (a tippee ). Tipping can occur through overt action or more casually, such as through informal conversations at parties or meetings. 
 
 Tippees who trade on information tipped to them can be liable for insider trading. Individuals who trade on misappropriated information also can be liable for insider trading. 
 
 Just as insiders are liable for the trading of their tippees, so are tippees who pass the information along to others who trade. 
 
 E. Avoid Speculation 
 
 Investing in Applied stock provides an opportunity for us to share in Applied s long-term growth. Investing isn t the same as speculation based on short-term fluctuations in the market. The company strongly discourages you from engaging in short-term or speculative transactions because they may put your personal interests in conflict with the best interests of Applied and its shareholders. 
 
 F. Trading in Other Companies Securities 
 
 You must not buy or sell or recommend that another person buy or sell securities of another company (such as a supplier, customer, or acquisition target) if you learn of material nonpublic information about that company in the course of your employment or association with Applied. As with Applied stock, this prohibition does not apply to transactions in mutual funds, index funds, exchange-traded funds, or similar highly diversified publicly offered or traded investment vehicles that hold the other company s securities. 

VI. ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR 
 DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AND OTHER SPECIFIED INSIDERS 
 
 A. Applicability of Additional Restrictions 
 
 To assist in preventing inadvertent violations and avoiding even the appearance of an improper transaction, Applied has established trading window and pre-clearance procedures, and certain other restrictions, in addition to the restrictions elsewhere in this policy. These procedures apply to the following individuals who have, or are likely to have, regular access to material nonpublic information 

Members of the Board of Directors 
 Executive officers 
 Appointed officers 
 Lawyers and certain other associates in the Legal Department 
 Those associates in the Finance Area as may, from time to time, be designated by Applied s chief financial officer and general counsel 
 Associates in Business Development roles 
 Executive and administrative assistants to the executive officers 
 Other associates as may, from time to time, be designated by the general counsel 
 Any of the foregoing individuals Related Persons 
 
 B. Trading Window 
 
 The individuals identified above may only buy or sell Applied securities during the period beginning on the 3 rd trading day after the release of Applied s earnings and ending on the last trading day of the second month of the quarter. Purchases of Applied stock made through pre-existing regularly scheduled contributions (e.g., through payroll deduction) or reinvested dividends in the RSP or the DRIP are not subject to the trading window restriction. Nor are transactions made pursuant to a prearranged written stock trading plan entered into (under SEC Rule 10b5-1(c) and in compliance with Applied s procedures) during a trading window when the person does not possess material nonpublic information. 
 
 You may be notified that you should not trade in Applied securities, even during what would otherwise be a trading window. This notice may be issued without a reason for the restriction. The existence of this special blackout period may not be announced broadly, and should not be communicated to any other person. 
 
 Even if you have not been notified of a special blackout period, you must not trade in Applied securities while aware of material nonpublic information. 
 
 C. Pre-Clearance 
 
 Except as set forth below, the individuals identified above must obtain clearance from the general counsel, or his her designee, before making any trade in Applied securities, even during a trading window , including any stock option or SARs exercise, or transfer between the Applied stock fund and other investments in the RSP, or entering into a prearranged written stock trading plan under SEC Rule 10b5-1(c), or making a gift. 
 
 Purchases of Applied stock made through regularly scheduled contributions (e.g., through payroll deduction) or reinvested dividends in the RSP or DRIP are not subject to pre-clearance. However, one-time purchases or sales of Applied stock in those plans are subject to pre-clearance. 
 
 Each proposed transaction will be evaluated for concerns under this policy or otherwise under the law. Any advice provided by the company will relate solely to restraints imposed by this policy and the law and will not constitute advice regarding the investment aspects of the transaction. If clearance is denied, the person requesting clearance must keep confidential the fact of such denial. 
 
 Even with pre-clearance, you re still personally responsible for ensuring that your trade doesn t involve, and isn t made while you possess, material nonpublic information. 

D. Additional Prohibitions 
 
 Short sales . Short sales of Applied s stock suggest that the seller expects the stock price will decline, and therefore signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in Applied s short-term prospects. In addition, short sales by a director or employee could reduce the seller s incentive to improve Applied s performance. 
 
 For these reasons, you may not engage in short sales of Applied s stock. (In addition, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 prohibits officers and directors from engaging in short sales.) 
 
 Derivative securities . A transaction in market-traded options is a bet on the short-term movement of a stock and creates the appearance that the director or employee is using inside information. Transactions in options could also unduly focus the individual s attention on Applied s short-term performance. 
 
 Accordingly, you may not engage in transactions in puts, calls, warrants, or other derivative securities based on Applied stock on an exchange or in any other market. 
 
 Hedging . Hedging or monetization transactions Transactions that involve hedging Applied stock, including prepaid variable forward contracts and collars allow a shareholder to lock in part or all of the value of his holdings. These transactions allow the holder to continue to own the covered stock, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, the holder might no longer have the same objectives as other shareholders. Therefore, you may not engage in any such transactions with respect to Applied stock. 
 
 Subject to any applicable stock ownership requirements established by Applied, transactions that involve the sale or exchange of Applied stock in exchange for another equity, such as exchange fund transactions, shall be reviewed and determined on a case-by-case basis by the Board of Directors of Applied, or a committee designated by the Board of Directors of Applied, to determine whether the intent of such transactions are to hedge Applied stock or to act as a portfolio diversification investment. 
 
 Margin accounts and pledges . Stock held in a margin account can be sold by a broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, stock which is otherwise pledged as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults. 
 
 A margin sale or foreclosure could occur at a time when the individual is aware of material nonpublic information. 
 
 For this reason, you may not purchase Applied stock on margin, or borrow against any account in which Applied stock is held, or pledge Applied stock as collateral for a loan. 

VII. PENALTIES AND DISCIPLINE FOR NON-COMPLIANCE 

Trading on, or tipping others about, material nonpublic information is illegal. It can result in high civil penalties as well as criminal fines and even jail terms. Penalties can apply to the individual violator, his or her Related Persons, and Applied. 
 
 We consider compliance to be very important. Beyond penalties assessed through the justice system, anyone acting contrary to the letter or spirit of this policy will be subject to discipline, up to and including termination. Applied may also seek restitution for losses it may suffer as a result of violations. 

VIII. POST-TERMINATION TRANSACTIONS 
 
 This policy and its prohibitions continue to apply to transactions in Applied securities after an individual is no longer employed by or associated or affiliated with Applied. Accordingly, individuals in possession of material nonpublic information at the time of termination of their employment or association or affiliation are prohibited from trading in Applied securities until the information is publicly disclosed or ceases to be material. 

IX. IMPLEMENTATION 
 
 All Applied directors, officers, and other associates shall be advised of this policy and are responsible for its implementation, including with respect to advising temporary associates, contractors, representatives, consultants, advisors, and agents of Applied. Any individual having knowledge of an activity that might violate this policy or the law shall immediately report the matter (on a confidential basis, if desired) to a lawyer in the Legal Department, the Director of Internal Audit, or the Ethics Reporting Hotline (844-600-0074) for investigation . 
 
 Applied s officers are authorized and directed to take action as they deem necessary and proper to implement this policy. Applied also reserves the right to amend this policy at any time. 

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 6
 ait-2023630x10kexx21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FORM 10-K FOR 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 
 SUBSIDIARIES (as of June 30, 2023) 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Air Draulics Engineering Co. Tennessee AIT Canada, ULC Nova Scotia AIT Holding Corp. Alberta AIT International Inc. Ohio AIT Receivables LLC Delaware Advanced Control Solutions & Automation, Inc. Ohio Applied Australia Holdings Pty Ltd. Australia Applied Automation, Inc. Ohio Applied Canada Holdings, ULC Nova Scotia Applied Fluid Power Holdings, LLC Ohio Applied Industrial Technologies - CA LLC Delaware Applied Industrial Technologies - Capital, Inc. Delaware Applied Industrial Technologies - Dixie, Inc. Tennessee Applied Industrial Technologies, LP Ontario Applied Industrial Technologies Limited New Zealand Applied Industrial Technologies - PA LLC Pennsylvania Applied Industrial Technologies - PACIFIC LLC Delaware Applied Industrial Technologies Canada, ULC Nova Scotia Applied Industrial Technologies Pty Ltd. Australia Applied Maintenance Supplies & Solutions, LLC Ohio Applied M xico, S.A. de C.V. (97 -owned by subsidiaries of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.) Mexico Applied Mexico Holdings, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Applied Northern Holdings, ULC Nova Scotia Applied Nova Scotia Company Nova Scotia Applied US, L.P. Delaware Applied US Energy, Inc. Ohio Applied US Energy-Oklahoma, LLC Ohio Atlantic Fasteners Co., LLC Ohio BER International, Inc. Barbados Baro Controls, Inc. Texas Baro Process Products, Inc. Texas Basin Engine & Pump, Inc. Texas Bay Advanced Technologies, LLC Ohio 

Bay Advanced Technologies Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Bearing Sales & Services Inc. Washington Bearings Pan American, Inc. Ohio Carolina Fluid Components, LLC Ohio CII Acquisition Co., LLC Ohio Corrosion Fluid Products Corp. Michigan DTS Fluid Power, LLC Ohio Disenos Construcciones y Fabricaciones Hispanoamericanas, S.A. Mexico Eads Distribution, LLC Delaware ESI Acquisition Corporation (d b a Engineered Sales, Inc., ESI Power Hydraulics, and Applied Engineered Systems) Ohio FCX Performance, Inc. Ohio Fluid Power Sales, LLC Ohio FluidTech, LLC Ohio Gibson Engineering Company, Inc. 
 Massachusetts HUB Industrial Supply, LLC Ohio Hughes Machinery Company Missouri HydroAir Hughes, LLC Ohio HyQuip, LLC Ohio Olympus Controls Corp. Oregon Power Systems AHS, LLC Ohio Pump Energy, Inc. Delaware Pump Pros, Inc. Ohio R. L. Stone Company, Inc. New York R. R. Floody Company, Inc. Ohio Radial Acquisition Co., LLC Ohio Rafael Benitez Carrillo Inc. Puerto Rico Rodensa Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico S. G. Morris Co., LLC Ohio Seals Unlimited Holding Co., Inc. Ontario Seals Unlimited (1976) Incorporated Ontario Sentinel Fluid Controls, LLC Ohio Spencer Fluid Power, Inc. Ohio Texas Oilpatch Services, LLC Ohio VYCMEX Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Operating companies that do not conduct business under Applied Industrial Technologies trade name 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 ait-2023630x10kexx23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-234645, 333-207922, 333-179354, 333-138054, 333-124574, 333-83809, 033-65513, 033-53361, and 033-53401 on Form S-8 of our reports dated August 11, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 August 11, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 8
 ait-2023630x10kexx24xpoa.htm
 EX-24

Document 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Jon S. Ploetz and David K. Wells, and each of them, the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned with full power and authority, and in either or both of them, to sign for the undersigned and in his or her respective name as director and or officer of the Corporation, the Corporation's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder, hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any one of them, as herein authorized. 

Date 8 10 2023 By s Madhuri A. Andrews 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Jon S. Ploetz and David K. Wells, and each of them, the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned with full power and authority, and in either or both of them, to sign for the undersigned and in his or her respective name as director and or officer of the Corporation, the Corporation's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder, hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any one of them, as herein authorized. 

Date 8 09 2023 By s Shelly M. Chadwick 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Jon S. Ploetz and David K. Wells, and each of them, the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned with full power and authority, and in either or both of them, to sign for the undersigned and in his or her respective name as director and or officer of the Corporation, the Corporation's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder, hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any one of them, as herein authorized. 

Date 8 05 2023 By s Mary Dean Hall 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Jon S. Ploetz and David K. Wells, and each of them, the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned with full power and authority, and in either or both of them, to sign for the undersigned and in his or her respective name as director and or officer of the Corporation, the Corporation's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder, hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any one of them, as herein authorized. 

Date 8 03 2023 By s Dan P. Komnenovich 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Jon S. Ploetz and David K. Wells, and each of them, the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned with full power and authority, and in either or both of them, to sign for the undersigned and in his or her respective name as director and or officer of the Corporation, the Corporation's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder, hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any one of them, as herein authorized. 

Date 8 07 2023 By s Robert J. Pagano, Jr. 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Jon S. Ploetz and David K. Wells, and each of them, the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned with full power and authority, and in either or both of them, to sign for the undersigned and in his or her respective name as director and or officer of the Corporation, the Corporation's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder, hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any one of them, as herein authorized. 

Date 8 08 2023 By s Vincent K. Petrella 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Jon S. Ploetz and David K. Wells, and each of them, the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned with full power and authority, and in either or both of them, to sign for the undersigned and in his or her respective name as director and or officer of the Corporation, the Corporation's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder, hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any one of them, as herein authorized. 

Date 8 10 2023 By s Joe A. Raver 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Jon S. Ploetz and David K. Wells, and each of them, the true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned with full power and authority, and in either or both of them, to sign for the undersigned and in his or her respective name as director and or officer of the Corporation, the Corporation's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder, hereby ratifying and confirming all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any one of them, as herein authorized. 

Date 8 04 2023 By s Peter C. Wallace 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 9
 ait-2023630x10kexx31.htm
 EX-31

Document 

EXHIBIT 31 
 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FORM 10-K FOR 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Neil A. Schrimsher, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date August 11, 2023 s Neil A. Schrimsher Neil A. Schrimsher President & Chief Executive Officer 

I, David K. Wells, certify that 
 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date August 11, 2023 s David K. Wells David K. Wells Vice President-Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 ait-2023630x10kexx32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FORM 10-K FOR 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 
 
 The following certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
 ended June 30, 2023, and is not filed, as provided in applicable SEC releases. 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 In connection with the Form 10-K (the Report of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. (the Company for the period ending June 30, 2023, we, Neil A. Schrimsher, President & Chief Executive Officer, and David K. Wells, Vice President-Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer of the Company, certify that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Neil A. Schrimsher s David K. Wells Neil A. Schrimsher President & Chief Executive Officer David K. Wells Vice President-Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Dated August 11, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to Applied Industrial Technologies, 
 Inc. and will be retained by Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities 
 and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 11
 exhibit95-10kfy23.htm
 EX-95

Document 

EXHIBIT 95 
 
 Mine Safety and Health Disclosure 
 Mine Safety and Health Administration Contractor Identification Number 9EI 
 
 The operation of domestic mines is subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). Under the Mine Act, an independent contractor who provides onsite services to the mine industry is deemed to be a mine operator. Applied supplies MRO parts and related services to mine operators, and as such we are providing this report pursuant to section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of SEC Regulation S-K. 
 
 MSHA inspects mines on a regular basis and issues citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. The table below sets forth, by mining complex, the total number of citations and or orders issued, that required disclosure, to Applied during fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 by MSHA under the indicated provisions of the Mine Act, together with the total dollar value of proposed MSHA assessments. 
 
 Mine or Operating Name MSHA Identification Number (#) Section 104 S&S Citations (#) Section 104(b) Orders (#) Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) Section 107(a) Orders ) Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed (#) Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities (yes no) Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(e) (yes no) Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(e) (#) Legal Actions Pending as of 6 30 2020 (#) Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) Legal Actions Resolved During the Period (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) TXI Mill Creek Quarry #3401859 1 774 No No Holcim (US) Inc. - Midlothian #4103307 399 No No Redding Plant #0400034 133 No No 
 
 In evaluating this information, note that citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and in that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
 (1) United States mines. (2) Total number of citations received from MSHA under section 104 of the Mine Act for health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury if left unabated. (3) Total number of orders under section 104(b) of the Mine Act, which represents a failure to abate a citation under section 104(a) within the period of time prescribed by MSHA. (4) Total number of citations and orders for unwarrantable failure to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under section 104(d) of the Mine Act. (5) Total number of flagrant violations under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act. (6) Total number of imminent danger orders issued under section 107(a) of the Mine Act. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ait-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ait-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ait-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ait-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ait-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

