<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230915_10-K_edgar_data_1830072_0001683168-23-006454.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6946395</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>328428</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1427023</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1675475</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1496342</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1852968</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-006454.hdr.sgml : 20230915
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230914174800
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-006454
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230915
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230914

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			iPower Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001830072
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-BUILDING MATERIALS, HARDWARE, GARDEN SUPPLY [5200]
		IRS NUMBER:				825144171
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40391
		FILM NUMBER:		231256096

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8798 9TH STREET
		CITY:			RANCHO CUCAMONGA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91730
		BUSINESS PHONE:		626-863-7344

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8798 9TH STREET
		CITY:			RANCHO CUCAMONGA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-006454.txt : 20230915

10-K
 1
 ipower_i10k-063023.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

annual Report UNDER Section 13 or 15( d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Fiscal Year , 2023 

OR 

Transition Report UNDER Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from ______________ to
______________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 

Identification Number) 

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: NONE 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such fi les). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes 

On December 30, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates was based on the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on such date as reported
on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock on September 14, 2023 was . 

iPOWER INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 28 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 30 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 50 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 54 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 55 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10 K Summary 

SIGNATURES 
 58 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K (including the section regarding Management s Discussion and Analysis and Results of Operations, the Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These statements are based on our management s
belief and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in
these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. 

Forward-looking statements
include statements concerning the following: 

our inability to predict or anticipate the duration or long-term economic and business consequences of the ongoing COVID-19 epidemic; 

our inability to predict or anticipate the duration or long-term economic effect of the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia and any potential supply chain issues that may result; 

our limited operating history; 

our future results of operations; 

our current and future capital requirements necessary to support our efforts to open or acquire new complimentary businesses and channels of trade; 

our cash needs and financial plans; 

our competitive position; 

seasonality and how it may impact consumer behavior and resulting sales; 

our dependence on consumer interest in growing crops with the equipment and other products that we offer; 

evolving laws surrounding cannabis on a local, state, and federal level; 

the effectiveness of our internal controls; 

our dependence on third parties to manufacture and sell us inventory; 

our ability to maintain or protect our intellectual property; 

our ability to innovate and develop new intellectual property to continue enhancing our product and service offerings; 

our ability to protect our systems from unauthorized intrusions or theft of proprietary information; 

our ability to retain key members of our executive team; 

our ability to maintain our relationships with third-party vendors and suppliers; 

our ability to internally develop products and intellectual property; 

our ability to achieve expected technological advances by us or by third parties and our ability to leverage such advances; 

our potential growth opportunities; 

interpretations of current laws and the passage of future laws; 

acceptance of our business model by investors; 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses and capital requirements; 

our ability to sell additional products and services to customers; 

our ability to adequately support growth; 

our ability to ensure consistency in the quality of our products and the quality and costs of our supply chain, including management of freight costs; 

any disruption to third party sales platforms, including Amazon.com, Walmart and eBay, through which we derive approximately 98 of our current revenues; and 

potential disruption of our business and supply chain as a result of any conflicts or trade wars between China and the U.S., as well as increased tariffs on the products which we import. 

ii 

In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expects, 
 intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, 
 potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only
predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties,
and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results. Factors that may cause actual
results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed in the reports we file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking
statements due to these risk factors. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Annual Report,
the documents that we reference in this Annual Report and the documentation we have filed as exhibits thereto with the SEC, with the understanding
that our actual future results and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 

Forward-looking statements
are made based on management s beliefs, estimates, and opinions on the date the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation
to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates, and opinions or other circumstances should change, except as may be
required by applicable law. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot
guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. 

Unless the context otherwise
requires, the terms the Company, we, us, and/or our in this report refer to iPower
Inc. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Our Business 

iPower Inc. (formerly BZRTH,
Inc.), a California-based corporation, was formed in Nevada in April 2018. Driven by tech and data, iPower Inc. is a U.S.-based online
retailer and supplier of consumer home, garden and pet products. Through the operations of our e-commerce platforms, www.simpledeluxe.com
and www.Zenhydro.com, as well as Amazon, Walmart and eBay, our combined 121,000 square foot fulfillment centers in Los Angeles, California,
and our 99,000 square foot fulfillment center in Rancho Cucamonga, California, we believe we are one of the leading online marketers,
distributors and retailers in our product categories, based on management s estimates. Our core strategy continues to focus on expanding
our geographic reach across the United States and internationally through organic growth, both in terms of expanding customer base as
well as brand and product development. iPower has developed a set of methodologies driven by proprietary data formulas to effectively
bring products to market and increase sales. 

We
are actively developing and acquiring our in-house branded products, which to date include iPower, Simple Deluxe and
other brands and consist of products such as home goods, fans, pet products and hydroponics equipment, some of which have been designated
as Amazon Choice products and category best sellers, among others. For the year ended June 30, 2023, our top five product categories accounted
for 72 of total sales. While we continue to focus on our top product categories, we are working to expand our product catalog to include
new and adjacent categories through in-house products and our supply chain partners driven by market data analytics. 

Approximately
95 of our sales revenue during the year ended June 30, 2023 were derived from sales through Amazon, eBay and Walmart, where we experienced
approximately 14 revenue growth in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. 

Products 

iPower offers essential products
in the hydroponic, gardening, home and pet goods categories. While the company offers products from hundreds of third-party brands, the
Company has also established its own in-house branded products which are made available for purchase through our various sales channels.
Our in-house branded products, marketed under the iPower and Simple Deluxe brands, include hydroponic-related
items, fans, shelving, pet supplies and outdoor lifestyle products, some of which have been designated as Amazon best seller product leaders,
and for which numerous products have been designated Amazon s Choice and #1 Best Seller. We currently
offer consumers more than 4,000 products from our proprietary, in-house branded products. This year, we expanded our in-house catalog
to include more general home goods products, with home goods making up our largest meta category. 

Our Industry is Large and Rapidly Growing 

Our principal industry opportunity
is in the retail sale and distribution of consumer goods. Our primary subcategories include consumer hydroponics equipment and supplies,
consumer general gardening supplies, and consumer home and pet goods. Hydroponics supplies generally include grow light systems; advanced
heating, ventilation and air conditioning HVAC systems; water pumps, heaters, chillers and filters; nutrient and fertilizer
delivery systems; and various growing media typically made from soil, rock wool or coconut fiber, among others. General gardening supplies
generally include environmental sensors and controls and nutrients among others. Home goods supplies currently include commercial fans,
floor and wall fans, storage and shelving units, and chairs among others. 

The home goods industry has
become a significant category we sell into. Grandview Research estimated that the size of the home goods market in the US was 740 billion
in 2020 and should reach close to 1,040 billion by 2024, with a CAGR of 7.4 . 

1 

Research and Development 

The Company has not incurred
any significant research and development R D expenses during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. We do most of our
development work in conjunction with our manufacturing partners, where we co-engineer designs with their development teams. We plan to
increase our investments in R D relating to the improvement of existing products and the development and addition of new product lines. 

Customers and Suppliers 

We have a diverse customer
base, with residential gardeners and home goods consumers constituting a significant portion of our customer base and thus the largest
portion of our total sales. We sell to both commercial and home cultivators growing specialty crops, as well as in the home goods category.
At present, sales to customers through Amazon and other third-party online platforms accounts for approximately 98 of our annual sales. 

We do not manufacture any
of the products we sell through our distribution channels. We purchase our products from more than 150 suppliers, including manufacturers
and distributors in the U.S. and China. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, one supplier accounted for 27 and 18 of the Company's
total purchases, respectively. We do not have any long-term supply agreements. 

Manufacturers 

We obtain both our branded
proprietary products and distributed products from third party suppliers. For our hydroponic category, most of the products purchased
and resold, whether our proprietary products or third-party products sold through our platform, are applicable to indoor and outdoor growing
for organics, greens and plant-based products. Our products are sourced from more than 150 different suppliers and manufacturers, with
approximately 90 sourced from China. Quality control is a critical priority for our team charged with ensuring the supply of the products
from our suppliers, specifically those coming from China. We seek to ensure the highest level of quality control for our products through
routine factory visits, spot testing and continual, ongoing supplier due diligence. 

Our distributed products are
sourced from more than 150 suppliers. Our experienced internal sourcing team is charged with maintaining strong relationships with current
suppliers, while also constantly tracking current and future market trends and reviewing offerings of new suppliers. 

We do not have exclusive purchase
agreements with many of our suppliers. Based on our knowledge and communication with our suppliers, we believe some of our suppliers may
sell directly to the retail market or to our wholesale customers. 

Demand for Products 

We believe that demand for
iPower s products is strong for several reasons. Consumer interest in hydroponics as a hobby and lifestyle choice a surge in interest
driven by the stay-at-home necessities of the Covid-19 pandemic. This is in contrast to the weak demand environment for commercial hydroponics
suppliers who are suffering from growing over capacity in the commercial sector. Our non-hydroponics product lines are also seeing strong
demand as the categories we participate in are primarily in large markets with a fragmented supply base. We also believe that our expertise
in product development has created a catalog well suited to gaining market share in these categories. In addition, our relationship with
our largest channel partner, Amazon, has also led to a strong demand environment. Working as a supplier on Amazon s Vendor Central
platform, we are confident that we have demonstrated our ability to supply products that consumers want, in sufficient volumes, enabling
us to meet the stringent operating metrics required by Amazon. We believe these has allowed us to gain share from other suppliers in our
various channels. 

2 

E-Commerce Strategy 

The Company continues to grow
and develop its e-commerce platforms, including zenhydro.com and simpledeluxe.com, where we sell our in house and third party products.
In addition to our websites, we offer products to consumers through established e-commerce channels such as Amazon, eBay, and Walmart.
Through these portals we offer various consumer products for sale. Online shoppers can have the ability to peruse our various product
categories such as hydroponics equipment, home fans and furnishing, shelving, outdoor lifestyle products, and pet products, providing
consumers with an easy and quick method to find the exact products they need. In addition to these sections, our webstores offer customers
periodic flash deals, best value recommendations and clearance sale items. Each product listed on the site contains product descriptions,
product reviews and a picture so the consumer can make an informed and educated purchase. Our product filters allow the consumer to search
by brand, manufacturer, or by price. Consumers can shop online day and night and have their purchases shipped directly to the location
of their choice, or simply elect to use our website as a resource. Google advertising, social media advertising and email list marketing,
in addition to auto-ship functionality, are the primary mechanisms we employ to drive traffic to our e-commerce platforms and the other
portals through which we make our products available for sale, including Amazon.com, eBay and Walmart. At present, more than 90 of our
total sales occur through Amazon.com. 

Large Established Distribution Infrastructure 

We have a fully developed
distribution network through our distribution centers in California. We work with a network of third-party common carrier trucking/freight
companies that service our customers throughout the U.S., Canada and across the globe. We receive daily customer orders via our business-to-business
e-commerce platform. Orders are then routed to the applicable distribution center and packed for shipments. Most of our customer orders
are shipped within one business day of order receipt. 

Competition 

The markets in which we sell
our products are highly competitive and fragmented. Our key competitors include many local and national vendors of home and gardening
supplies, local product resellers of hydroponic and other specialty growing equipment, as well as other online product resellers on large
online marketplaces such as Amazon.com and eBay. We compete with companies that have greater capital resources, facilities, and diversity
of product lines. Our competitors could also introduce products and as manufacturers are able to sell equipment directly to consumers,
our distributors could cease selling products to us. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
we believe that our pricing, inventory and product availability, and overall customer service provide us with the ability to compete in
this marketplace. We believe that we have the following core competitive advantages over our competitors: 

In addition to our in-house branded products, we distribute products from hundreds of third-party brands, ensuring that whatever a customer s particular need may be, they need look no further than iPower for their product needs. 

Our knowledgeable and experienced sales team can provide guidance and insights, whether dealing with a seasoned commercial entity or a first-time purchaser looking to get their grow operations off the ground. 

The convenience of our e-commerce platform allows customers to shop from the comfort of their own home and have their purchases shipped directly to them. 

We believe that our prominent position as a supplier to Amazon means that our products are prominently featured on the world s most important retailer 

We view ourselves as an industry leader, offering products and new technologies from the largest and most trusted names in the business, as well as our own in-house branded products. 

Moreover, we expect that
as we continue to grow our business, we will achieve an economy of scale and, as such, will be able to further
 optimize supply chains, which will enable us to continue to maintain competitive pricing options and deliver the array of items
that our customers require. Through supply chain and industry competency, support services, and through our relationships with suppliers,
distributors, vendors and logistics partners, we believe we can maintain and increase our growth trajectory. 

3 

Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights 

Our intellectual property
primarily consists of our brands and their related trademarks, domain names, websites, customer lists and affiliations, as well as our
marketing intangibles, product know-how and technology. We also hold rights to website addresses related to our business, including websites
that are actively used in our daily business operations, such as Zenhydro.com and simpledeluxe.com. We own federally registered trademarks
for iPower and Simple Deluxe, which correspond to our current in-house branded products. 

Government Regulation 

We sell products, including
hydroponic gardening products, that end users may purchase for use in new and emerging industries or segments, including the growing of
cannabis and hemp, that may not grow or achieve market acceptance in a manner that we can predict. The demand for these products depends
on the uncertain growth of these industries or segments. 

In addition, we sell products
that end users may purchase for use in industries or segments, including the growing of cannabis and hemp, that are subject to varying,
inconsistent, and rapidly changing laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations, and
consumer perceptions. For example, certain countries and a total of 46 U.S. states plus the District of Columbia have adopted frameworks,
in varying forms, that authorize, regulate, and tax the cultivation, processing, sale, and use of cannabis for medicinal and/or non-medicinal
use, as well as hemp and CBD, while the U.S. Controlled Substances Act and the laws of other U.S. states prohibit growing cannabis. In
addition, with the passage of the Farm Bill in December 2018, hemp cultivation is now broadly permitted. The 2018 Farm Bill explicitly
allows the transfer of hemp-derived products across state lines for commercial or other purposes. It also puts no restrictions on the
sale, transport, or possession of hemp-derived products, so long as those items are produced in a manner consistent with the law. While
we do not know the percentage or actual usage of our products for purposes of growing cannabis or hemp-derived products, for those users
who intend to use the Company s products to grow hemp-derived CBD medicinal products, the 2018 Farm Bill officially removed hemp
from the list of controlled substances. While we note that the 2018 Farm Bill has not changed the regulatory authority of the Food and
Drug Administration as concerns cannabis and cannabis-derived products, and that such products continue to remain subject to the same
regulatory requirements as FDA-regulated products, we nonetheless believe the passage of the 2018 Farm Bill will allow
the Company to expand its marketplace opportunities. 

Our gardening products, including
our hydroponic gardening products, are multi-purpose products designed and intended for growing a wide range of plants and are purchased
by cultivators who may grow any variety of plants, including cannabis and hemp. Although the demand for our products may be negatively
impacted depending on how laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations, and consumer
perceptions develop, we cannot reasonably predict the nature of such developments or the effect, if any, that such developments could
have on our business. The changing laws may cause us to experience additional capital expenditures as we adapt our business to meet the
requirements of the evolving legal and regulatory landscape. 

We believe that
the growth in licensed cannabis cultivation facilities and the growth in organically grown produce will increase the general demand for
hydroponics products, including the hobbyist consumer segment that we serve. Further, we believe our dedication to providing consumers
with innovative and cutting-edge products tailored to their individual needs, combined with our industry knowledge and customer service,
has positioned iPower to take advantage of the domestic and international growth anticipated for hydroponic products. 

4 

Corporate Structure 

We have been conducting business
as iPower Inc. (formerly BZRTH Inc.) since our formation in 2018 and subsequent acquisition of the assets, and certain liabilities, of
BizRight LLC. In order to diversify and facilitate the Company s marketing and research and development activities, we used two
variable interest entities, E Marketing Solution Inc. E Marketing and Global Products Marketing Inc. GPM ),
to perform and conduct certain aspects of our business relative to marketing, banking and cash management. E-Marketing and GPM were wholly
owned by one of our shareholders, Shanshan Huang, and one of our founders and majority shareholders, Chenlong Tan. On May 18, 2021, the
Company entered into equity purchase agreements with the shareholders of E Marketing and GPM, pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the
equity interests of each of E Marketing and GPM for nominal consideration and E Marketing and GPM became our wholly owned subsidiaries. 

On February 15, 2022, the
Company acquired Anivia Limited Anivia ). Anivia indirectly owns Dayourenzai (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd., a corporation
located in the People s Republic of China PRC ), which is a wholly foreign-owned enterprise of Fly Elephant Limited.
Dayourenzai (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd. Controls, through contractual arrangements, the business, revenues and profits of Daheshou
(Shenzhen) Information Technology Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the PRC and is located in Shenzhen, China DHS ).
DHS is principally engaged in selling a wide range of products and providing merchandizing and logistics services in the PRC. In 2023, iPower purchased approximately 90 of its products and supplies
from or through DHS. 

In addition, on February 10,
2022 and January 14, 2022, respectively, we entered into joint venture agreements with Global Social Medial, LLC, a Nevada limited liability
company formed in 2022 which provides social media platform and services to assist business in product marketing GSM ),
and Box Harmony, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company formed in 2022 which provides logistics services primarily for foreign-based
manufacturers and distributors who desire to sell their products online in the United States with such logistic services to include, without
limitation, receiving, storing and transporting such products Box Harmony ). We have a 60 equity interest in GSM and a
40 equity interest in Box Harmony. 

Corporate Information 

The Company, a Nevada corporation,
was formed on April 11, 2018 under the name BZRTH Inc. On September 4, 2020, we filed a Certificate of Amendment with the State of Nevada
changing our name to iPower Inc. 

Our principal offices are
located at 8798 9th Street, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730, and our phone number is (626) 863-7344. Our business website is www.meetipower.com
and our e-commerce websites are www.Zenhydro.com and www.simpledeluxe.com. Information contained on our websites should not be deemed
incorporated by reference and is not a part of this report. 

Employees 

As of September 14, 2023,
we have a total of 70 full-time and five part-time employees and consultants. None or our employees are subject to collective bargaining
agreements. 

5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any
of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary Risk Factors 

The risks described under
the heading Risk Factors beginning on page 6 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K may cause us to be unable to realize the
full benefits of our strengths and/or may cause us to be unable to successfully execute all or part of our strategy. Some of the more
significant challenges we face include: 

Our Company s founders own approximately 53.98 of our common stock, which effectively gives our founders full control over the board of directors and management of the Company for the foreseeable future. 

The Company faces intense competition in the hydroponics marketplace which could prohibit us from developing or increasing our customer base beyond present levels. 

Our ability to ensure consistency in the quality of our products and supply chain. 

Approximately 98 of our current revenues are derived from sales of our products through online third-party platforms, including Amazon.com, Walmart and eBay; any disruption to these business channels could be detrimental to our business. 

Potential disruption of our business and supply chain that may be caused by any conflicts, trade wars or currency fluctuations or tariffs between China and the U.S. 

The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results from operations, or the businesses of our suppliers, vendors and logistics partners. 

The
 ongoing COVID-19 epidemic, and any resurgence in related infections, whether in the U.S., China or elsewhere, along with any efforts
 to mitigate its impact could have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, operations, financial condition, the business of our
 suppliers, vendors and logistic partners, and the price of our securities. 

In the event we require additional capital resources to fund our enterprise, we may not be able to obtain sufficient capital and may be forced to limit the expansion of our operations. 

Certain of our products may be purchased for use in new and emerging industries or segments, such as cannabis, and may be subject to varying, inconsistent and rapidly changing laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations and consumer perceptions. 

Our business depends significantly on the continuing efforts of our management team and our business may be impacted if we should lose their services. 

Certain relationships, acquisitions, strategic alliances and investments could result in operating issues, dilutions and other harmful or unintended consequences which may adversely impact our business and the results of our operations. 

Our continued investment and development in our in-house branded products is inherently risky and could disrupt our ongoing business. 

If the Company is unable to maintain and continue to develop our e-commerce platform, our reputation and operating results may be materially harmed. 

As the bulk of our sales are carried out through e-commerce, we are subject to certain cyber security risks, including hacking and stealing of customer and confidential data. 

If we fail to comply with the continued listing requirements of the
Nasdaq Stock Market, it could result in our common stock being delisted, which could adversely affect the market price and liquidity
of our securities and could have other adverse effects. 

There are a myriad of risks, including stock market volatility, inherent in owning our securities. 

6 

Risks Related to Our Business and Products 

We sell proprietary brand offerings, as
well as third party brands, which could expose us to various risks. 

We rely on different intellectual
property rights, including trade secrets and trademarks and the strength of our proprietary brands, which we consider important to our
business. If we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our intellectual property rights for any reason, or if we fail to maintain
our brand image due to actual or perceived product or service quality issues, adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation,
or other reasons, our brand and reputation could be damaged, and our business may be harmed. 

Although we believe that our
proprietary brand products offer significant value to our customers at each price point and provide us with higher gross margins than
sales of comparable third-party branded products, expanding our proprietary brand offerings subjects us to certain specific risks in addition
to those discussed elsewhere in this section, such as: 

potential mandatory or voluntary product recalls in the event of product defects or other issues; 

the measures we take may not effectively or sufficiently protect and/or maintain the intellectual property, and proprietary rights associated with our products and business; 

we may be required to heavily invest in marketing such proprietary branded products; 

our ability to successfully innovate and obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights (including defending against counterfeit, knock offs, grey-market, infringing or otherwise unauthorized goods); and 

our ability to successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the intellectual property and proprietary rights of third parties, which, if successful, could force us to modify or discontinue products, pay significant damages or enter into expensive licensing arrangements with the prevailing party, in addition to other harm, including to our reputation or financial results. 

An increase in sales of our
proprietary brands may also adversely affect our sales of the products of certain of our vendors which may, in turn, adversely affect
our relationship with such vendors. Our failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our competitors and potential competitors
may develop products and technologies that are more effective or commercially attractive than our products. 

Our products compete against
national and regional products and in-house branded products produced by various suppliers, many of which are established companies that
provide products that perform functions similar to our products. Our competitors may develop or market products that are more effective
or commercially attractive than our current or future products. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial, operational,
marketing, and technical resources than we do. Moreover, some of these competitors may offer a broader array of products and sell their
products at prices lower than ours and may have greater name recognition. In addition, if demand for our specialty indoor gardening supplies
and products continues to grow, we may face competition from new entrants into our field. Due to this competition, there is no assurance
that we will not encounter difficulties in generating or increasing revenues and capturing market share. In addition, increased competition
may lead to reduced prices and/or margins for products we sell. We may not have the financial resources, relationships with key suppliers,
technical expertise or marketing, distribution, or support capabilities to compete successfully in the future. 

7 

We may not be able to successfully develop
new products or improve existing products or maintain our effectiveness in reaching consumers through rapidly evolving communication vehicles. 

Our future success depends,
in part, upon our ability to improve our existing products and to develop, manufacture and market new products to meet evolving consumer
needs. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in developing, manufacturing and marketing new products or product innovations
which satisfy consumer needs or achieve market acceptance, or that we will develop, manufacture and market new products or product innovations
in a timely manner. If we fail to successfully develop, manufacture and market new products or product innovations, or if we fail to reach
existing and potential consumers, our ability to maintain or grow our market share may be adversely affected, which in turn could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the development and introduction of new products
and product innovations require substantial research, development, and marketing expenditures, which we may be unable to recoup if such
new products or innovations do not achieve market acceptance. 

Many of the products we distribute
and market, such as our fertilizers and nutrients, contain ingredients that are subject to regulatory approval or registration with certain
U.S. state regulators. The need to obtain such approval or registration could delay the launch of new products or product innovations
that contain ingredients or otherwise prevent us from developing and manufacturing certain products and product innovations. 

The ongoing conflict between Russia and
Ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations . 

On February 24, 2022, Russia
initiated a military offensive in Ukraine. While neither Ukraine nor Russia is a key supplier of ours, the scope, intensity, duration
and outcome of the ongoing war is uncertain and its continuation or escalation could have a material adverse effect on iPower due to the
general impact on the global supply chain and prices of certain commodities. While we presently have no business or direct trade relationships
with entities located in Russia or Ukraine, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine could potentially cause supply chain disruptions
that could disrupt our business should any of our end-suppliers rely on supplies, products or shipments from those regions. 

In response to the war, the
United States, other North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO member states, as well as non-member states, have announced
targeted economic sanctions on Russia, certain Russian citizens and enterprises. Any continuation or escalation of the war may trigger
a series of additional economic and other sanctions. Certain companies have experienced negative reactions from their investors, employees,
customers, or other stakeholders as a result of their action or inaction related to the war between Russia and Ukraine. We continue to
monitor the reactions of our investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders and, as of the date of this report, have neither experienced
any material adverse financial impacts nor suffered from the loss of key customers or employees. 

In addition, the risk of cybersecurity
incidents has increased in connection with the ongoing war, driven by justifications such as retaliation for the sanctions imposed in
conjunction with the war, or in response to certain companies continued operations in Russia. For example, the war has been accompanied
by cyberattacks against the Ukrainian government and other countries in the region. It is possible that these attacks could have collateral
effects on additional critical infrastructure and financial institutions globally, which could adversely affect our operations and could
increase the frequency and severity of cyber-based attacks against our information technology systems. While we have taken actions to
mitigate such potential risks, the proliferation of malware from the war into systems unrelated to the war or cyberattacks against U.S.
companies in retaliation for U.S. sanctions against Russia or U.S. support of Ukraine, could also adversely affect our operations. 

We insure ourselves against
many types of risks; however, while this insurance may mitigate certain of the risks associated with the ongoing war, our level of insurance
may not cover all losses we could incur. The potential effects of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

8 

The COVID-19 pandemic
and the efforts to mitigate its impact may have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition
and price of our securities. 

The ongoing pandemic involving
the novel strain of coronavirus, or COVID-19, and the measures taken to combat it, may have certain and adverse effects on our business.
Public health authorities and governments at local, national and international levels have announced various measures to respond to this
pandemic. Some measures that directly or indirectly impact our business include: 

voluntary or mandatory quarantines; 

restrictions on travel; and 

limiting gatherings of people in public places. 

Although we were deemed an
 essential business by state and local authorities during the height of the pandemic in the areas in which we operate, we
have undertaken the following measures in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 including limiting business hours, and encouraging
employees to work remotely if possible. We also have enacted our business continuity plans, including implementing procedures requiring
employees to work remotely where possible which may make maintaining our normal level of corporate operations, quality controls and internal
controls difficult. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused temporary or long-term disruptions in our supply chains and/or delays in
the delivery of our inventory. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic and mitigation efforts have also adversely affected our customers 
financial condition, resulting in reduced spending for the products we sell. 

As events are rapidly changing,
we do not know how long the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures that have been introduced to respond to it will disrupt our operations
or the full extent of that disruption. While we have resumed normal business hours and operations in recent months, it is unknown whether
we may have additional COVID-19 restrictions or health emergencies in the future. Should we experience such additional restrictions and
business disruptions, we may experience unanticipated costs and operational uncertainty. We cannot predict how long the effects of COVID-19
and the efforts to contain it will continue to impact our business after the pandemic is under control. Governments could take additional
restrictive measures to combat the pandemic that could further impact our business or the economy in the geographies in which we operate.
It is also possible that the impact of the pandemic and response on our suppliers, customers and markets will persist for some time after
governments ease their restrictions. These measures have negatively impacted, and may continue to impact, our business and financial condition
as the responses to control COVID-19 continue. 

We have a limited operating history on which
stockholders and potential investors can evaluate our business or base an investment decision. 

Our business prospects are
difficult to predict given our limited operating history and unproven business strategy. While we inherited in 2018 the business of our
predecessor entity, BizRight LLC, an entity through which we acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities, we did not begin
operations under iPower Inc. (formerly BZRTH Inc.) until our formation in April 2018. Thereafter, we launched our e-commerce platforms,
www.Zenhydro.com and www.simpledeluxe.com, where we sell our own in-house branded products, marketed under the iPower and Simple Deluxe
brands, and provide distribution for hundreds of other brands manufactured by a number of third-party vendors. Accordingly, the operation
of our e-commerce platform, branding and marketing of our own in-house branded products, and our relationships with third-party vendors
and suppliers have been limited. If we are unable to effectively maintain our relationships with third-party vendors and suppliers, manage
our e-commerce operations, as well as other sales platforms/distribution network, our business is unlikely to succeed. Our business should
be viewed in light of these risks, challenges and uncertainties. 

9 

An estimated 98 of our sales are carried
out through third-party platforms, including Amazon.com, Walmart and eBay; any disruption in our selling efforts on such third party platforms
could substantially disrupt our business. 

While we maintain our own
websites, Zenhydro.com and simpledeluxe.com , as well as our offline wholesale department, which together account for approximately
2 of our sales, the bulk of our overall sales, or approximately 98 , occurred on third party platforms such as Amazon.com, Walmart
eBay and other platforms . As such, should we experience a disruption in our sales on third party platforms, or should such third party
platforms somehow come to rank us unfavorably or fail to list our products, this could negatively affect our overall sales and, thus,
negatively impact our overall revenues. 

Many of our suppliers are experiencing operational
difficulties as a result of COVID-19, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our ability to provide, or timely provide, products
to our customers. Any disruption in our supply chain, including an increase in shipping and/or storage costs, and the consistency and
availability of our supply chain, could negatively affect our revenues and overall business strategy. 

The measures being taken to
combat the pandemic are impacting our suppliers and may have a destabilizing affect on our supply chain. For example, some manufacturing
plants have closed and work at other plants has been curtailed in many places where we source our products. Some of our suppliers have
had to temporarily close a facility for disinfecting after employees tested positive for COVID-19, and others have faced staffing shortages
from employees who are sick or apprehensive about coming to work. Further, the ability of our suppliers to ship their goods to us has
become difficult as transportation networks and distribution facilities have had reduced capacity and have been dealing with changes in
the types of goods being shipped, all of which have caused an increase in shipping costs and affected the availability of inventories
to meet our sales demand. 

Thus, the difficulties experienced
by our suppliers have resulted in longer purchase lead times, increased inventory build up as a result of shipping delays, along with
increased ocean freight and storage costs. Nonetheless, we have continued to deliver products to our customers and the fact that we do
not significantly depend on any one supplier has helped to lessen any disruptions. Nonetheless, should there be any further disruption
caused by the pandemic, it may negatively affect our inventory and delay our ability to timely deliver merchandise to our stores and customers,
which in turn will adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. If the difficulties experienced by our suppliers continues,
we cannot guarantee that we will be able to locate alternative sources of supply for our merchandise on acceptable terms, or at all. If
we are unable to purchase appropriate amounts of inventory, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Poor economic conditions could adversely
affect our business. 

Uncertain global economic
conditions, particularly in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business. During the COVID-19 pandemic, some of
the effects of which are still ongoing, there have been ongoing negative global economic trends, such as decreased consumer and business
spending, higher than normal unemployment levels and declining consumer and business confidence. All of these issues have posed challenges
to our business and could result in declining revenues, profitability and cash flow. Although we continue to devote significant resources
to support our brands, unfavorable economic conditions may negatively affect demand for our products. Our most price-sensitive customers
may trade down to lower priced products during challenging economic times or if current economic conditions worsen, while other customers
may reduce discretionary spending during periods of economic uncertainty, which could reduce sales volumes of our products in favor of
our competitors products or result in a shift in our product mix from higher margin to lower margin products. 

10 

Heightened inflation, increased interest
rates and other economic conditions including potential recession and credit market disruptions could negatively impact our business. 

Customer demand for our products
may be influenced by heightened inflation, increased interest rates and other weak economic conditions including recessionary conditions
and credit market disruptions and volatility. Continued weak economic conditions may cause a decrease in demand for our products from
our customers. In addition, these economic conditions may adversely impact certain customers, suppliers and other vendors who are highly
leveraged. Accordingly, in an environment of heightened inflation, increased interest rates or other recessionary pressures, our business,
financial condition and results of operation may be adversely impacted. 

Volatile or weakened economic conditions
in the U.S. and globally may adversely affect our business and operating results. Moreover, while the recent banking crisis involving
the closure of Silicon Valley Bank SVB and other small banks did not have a material direct impact on our business, continued
instability in the global banking system may result in additional bank failures, as well as volatility of global financial markets, either
of which may adversely impact our business and financial condition. 

Our overall performance depends
in part on U.S. and international macroeconomic conditions. The U.S. and other key international economies, including China, have experienced
and may in the future experience significant economic and market downturns in which economic activity is impacted by falling demand for
a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and
foreign exchange markets, inflation, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These economic conditions can arise
suddenly and the full impact of such conditions are impossible to predict. In addition, geopolitical and domestic political developments,
such as existing and potential trade wars and other events beyond our control, such as the war in Ukraine and the trade war between the
U.S. and China, can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally and increase the volatility of global financial
markets. 

Moreover, there has been recent
turmoil in the global banking system. For example, in March 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection
and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver. First-Citizens Bank Trust Company
then assumed all of SVB s customer deposits and certain other liabilities and acquired substantially all of SVB s loans and
certain other assets from the FDIC. While the closure of SVB, and the subsequent failures of Signature Bank, First Republic Bank and Heartland
Tri-State Bank, did not have a material direct impact on our business, continued instability in the global banking system may result in
additional bank failures, as well as volatility of global financial markets, either of which may adversely impact our business and financial
condition. 

Government efforts to combat inflation,
along with other interest rate pressures arising from an inflationary economic environment, could lead to higher financing costs. 

Inflation has risen on a global
basis, the U.S. has been experiencing historically high levels of inflation, and government entities have taken various actions to combat
inflation, such as by raising interest rate benchmarks. Government entities may continue their efforts, or implement additional efforts,
to combat inflation, which could include, among other things, continuing to raise interest rate benchmarks or maintaining interest rate
benchmarks at elevated levels. Such government efforts, along with other interest rate pressures arising from an inflationary economic
environment, could lead to higher financing costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

We rely heavily on our access to the China
markets for the production of our products; should U.S. and China trade relations further deteriorate, and should the ongoing trade war
continue, our supply chain, and thus our operations and revenues, could be subject to deleterious effects. 

We are heavily reliant on
manufacturers in China to produce many of the goods we sell. Approximately 90 of the products we purchased for resale during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2023 were manufactured in and imported from China. At present, we have 13 suppliers in the U.S. and more than 140
suppliers in China. However, all of the goods sourced in China were purchased through our VIE, DHS. The U.S. and China have been involved
in ongoing trade disputes, resulting in increased tariffs when such goods arrive in the U.S., among other things. Any changes in U.S.
trade policy, or an escalation in the ongoing trade disputes, could trigger retaliatory actions, resulting in trade wars 
and an increase in costs for goods imported into the United States. Such actions could disrupt our supply chain. In addition, increased
tariffs could, in turn, reduce customer demand for such products as such tariffs could cause us to have to increase the price at which
we sell our goods, or it could result in trading partners limiting their trade with the United States. To date, iPower has absorbed some
of the costs related to increased tariffs. However, should we be unable to continue to absorb such costs, or should we need to pass all
such costs on to consumers, such increase could cut into our competitive advantage and our volume of sales activity in the United States
could be materially reduced. Any such reduction may materially and adversely affect our sales and our business. 

11 

Our China-based
subsidiaries, Dayourenzi (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd. and Daheshou (Shenzhen) Information Technology Co., Ltd., through which we procure
the majority of our inventory and overseas logistical support, are owned through contractual agreements, as required by the laws of the
PRC. As a result, the Chinese government could potentially exercise significant oversight and/or discretion over the business and operations
of our China-based subsidiaries and could potentially intervene in or influence the operations of those businesses at any time. 

We
recently acquired two China-based subsidiaries, Dayourenzi (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd. (the WFOE and Daheshou (Shenzhen) Information
Technology Co., Ltd. (the Operating Company ). (The WFOE and the Operating Company together are referred to as our China-based
Subsidiaries ). The Operating Company has historically provided the bulk of our China-based procurement and logistical needs and
we believe its acquisition will serve to streamline our procurement of goods and shipping, as well as reduce costs by bringing these services
in house. Our China-based subsidiaries are owned by us through contractual arrangements with our Hong Kong subsidiary, Fly Elephant Limited,
and its parent company, Anivia Limited, a British Virgin Islands company. In addition, our China-based subsidiaries may be at risk of
influence by the PRC government as they are subject to the laws, rules and regulations of the PRC, which can be complex and evolve rapidly.
The PRC government has the power to exercise significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of our China-based Subsidiaries, and
the regulations to which they are subject may change rapidly and with little notice to us or our shareholders. As a result, the application,
interpretation, and enforcement of new and existing laws and regulations in the PRC are often uncertain. In addition, these laws and regulations
may be interpreted and applied inconsistently by different agencies or authorities, and inconsistently with our own policies and practices.
New laws, regulations and other government directives in the PRC may also be costly to comply with, and such compliance or any associated
inquiries or investigations or any other government actions may, as regards our China-based subsidiaries: 

Delay or impede development, 

Result in negative publicity or increase our operating costs, 

Require significant management time and attention, and 

Subject us to remedies, administrative penalties
and even criminal liabilities that may harm our business, including fines assessed for our current or historical operations, or demands
or orders that we modify or even cease our China-based business practices. 

The
promulgation of new laws or regulations, or the new interpretation of existing laws and regulations, could restrict or otherwise unfavorably
impact the ability or manner in which we conduct the business of our China based subsidiaries and could require us to change certain aspects
of their business to ensure compliance, which could delay our procurement of goods, reduce revenues, increase costs, or subject us to
additional liabilities. To the extent any new or more stringent measures are required to be implemented in the PRC, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We face intense competition that could prohibit
us from developing or increasing our customer base. 

The specialty gardening and
hydroponic product industry is highly competitive. We may compete with companies that have greater capital resources and facilities. More
established gardening companies with much greater financial resources which do not currently compete with us may be able to easily adapt
their existing operations to sell hydroponic growing equipment. Our competitors may also introduce new hydroponic growing equipment, and
manufacturers may sell equipment direct to consumers. Due to this competition, there is no assurance that we will not encounter difficulties
in increasing revenues and maintaining and/or increasing market share. In addition, increased competition may lead to reduced prices and/or
margins for products we sell. 

12 

If we need additional capital to fund the
expansion of our operations, we may not be able to obtain sufficient capital on terms favorable to us and may be forced to limit the expansion
of our operations. 

In connection with our growth
strategies, we may experience increased capital needs and, accordingly, we may not have sufficient capital to fund the future expansion
of our operations without additional capital investments. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to us on
terms favorable to us or at all. If we cannot obtain sufficient capital to fund our expansion, we may be forced to limit the scope of
our acquisitions and growth prospects. 

Our business depends substantially on the
continuing efforts of our executive officers and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. 

Our future success depends
substantially on the continued services of our executive officers, especially our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Chenlong
Tan. We do not presently maintain key man life insurance on any of our executive officers or directors, although we intend to obtain such
insurance in the near future. If one or more of our executive officers are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions,
we may not be able to replace them readily, if at all. The loss of any of our executive officers could cause our business to be disrupted,
and we may incur additional and unforeseen expenses to recruit and retain new officers. 

If we are not successful in attracting and
retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 

Our ability to compete in
the highly competitive hydroponics and gardening industry depends in large part upon our ability to attract highly qualified managerial
and sales personnel. In order to induce valuable employees to come and work for us and to remain with us, we may provide employees with
stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units that vest over time. The value to employees of such incentive stock and stock
options that vest over time will be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that we will not be able to control and may
at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers our employees may receive from other companies. Our success also depends
on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior personnel. Certain of our executive
officers have employment agreements but these agreements do not guarantee us the continued services of such employees. Further, we do
not currently offer any health care or retirement benefits to any of our employees, and many of our more established competitors may offer
more competitive compensation packages for the kind of personnel that is critical to our company s survival and success. If we have
difficulty identifying, attracting, hiring, training and retaining such qualified personnel, or incur significant costs in order to do
so, our business and financial results could be negatively impacted. For example, offering competitive compensation packages may significantly
increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our gross profits. Further, the loss of our executive officers or our other key
personnel, particularly with little or no notice, could cause delays on business developments and projects and could have an adverse impact
on our customers and industry relationships, our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

In order to increase our sales and marketing
infrastructure, we will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As we continue to work to
increase our presence across the hydroponics market, we will need to expand the size of our employee base for managerial, operational,
sales, marketing, financial, human resources, and other areas of specialization. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities
on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain, motivate, and integrate additional employees. In addition,
our management may have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial
amount of time to managing these growth activities. Our future financial performance and our ability to continue to grow our operation
and effectively compete in the hydroponics industry will depend in part on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 

13 

Certain of our products may be purchased
for use in the cannabis industry and/or be subject to varying, inconsistent, and rapidly changing laws, regulations, administrative practices,
enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations, and consumer perceptions. 

Our hydroponic gardening products
are multi-purpose products designed and intended for growing a wide range of plants and are generally purchased from retailers by end
users who may grow any variety of vegetables and plants, including cannabis. As such, we sell hydroponic gardening products that end users
may purchase for use in a variety of industries or segments, including the growing of cannabis. The cannabis industry is subject to varying,
inconsistent and rapidly changing laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations and consumer
perceptions. For example, certain countries and a total of 46 U.S. states plus the District of Columbia have adopted frameworks that authorize,
regulate and tax the cultivation, processing, sale and use of cannabis for medicinal and/or non-medicinal use, including legalization
of hemp and CBD, while the U.S. Controlled Substances Act and the laws of U.S. states prohibit growing cannabis. 

We act solely as a supplier
and distributor of hydroponics equipment and supplies, and at no time do we engage in the cultivation, sale, distribution or dispensing
of cannabis or any cannabis products or accessories. In addition, we believe that none of our hydroponic equipment and supplies or any
other products we sell would be considered paraphernalia under federal drug paraphernalia laws. Similar to Amazon and eBay, we do not
advertise or promote our products on our website for use in growing cannabis, nor do we screen or otherwise track how our customers use
our products whether it is to grow flowers, fruits, vegetables or cannabis. 

We are unaware of any threatened
or actual law enforcement activity against manufacturers, distributors or retailers of hydroponic supplies that could potentially be used
by participants in the cannabis industry, and do not believe that our operations directly or indirectly violate aid and abet violations
of the Controlled Substances Act (including Section 856) or other federal laws (including conspiracy laws, money laundering laws, or RICO.
Nevertheless, a theoretical risk exists that our activities could be deemed to be facilitating the selling or distribution of cannabis
in violation of the Federal Controlled Substances Act, or to constitute aiding or abetting, or being an accessory to, a violation of that
Act. Federal authorities have not focused their resources on such tangential or secondary violations of the Act, nor have they threatened
to do so, with respect to the sale of equipment that might be used by cannabis gardeners, or with respect to any supplies marketed to
participants in the emerging medical cannabis industry. We are unaware of such a broad application of the Controlled Substances Act by
federal authorities. 

If the federal government
were to change its practices, or were to expend its resources attacking providers of equipment that could be usable by participants in
the medical or recreational cannabis industry, such action could have a materially adverse effect on our operations, our customers, or
the sale of our products. In addition, we could be faced with or required to expend substantial resources in an effort to comply with
new and changing laws and regulations. Such necessary capital expenditures could negatively affect our earnings and competitive position. 

Although the demand for our
products may be negatively impacted depending on how laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations
and consumer perceptions develop, we cannot reasonably predict the nature of such developments or the effect, if any, that such developments
could have on our business. 

Continued federal intervention in certain
segments of the cannabis industry may have a negative impact on us. 

Although we expect minimal
impact on the Company from any federal government crackdown on cannabis providers, a disruption to the cannabis industry could cause some
potential customers to be more reluctant to invest in growing equipment, including equipment we sell. Moreover, the federal government s
tactics may change or have unforeseen effects, which could be detrimental to our business. 

14 

Acquisitions, other
strategic alliances, and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences that may adversely
impact our business and results of operations. 

Acquisitions are an important
element of our overall corporate development strategy and use of capital, and such transactions could be material to our financial condition
and results of operations. We expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential acquisition
targets and strategic transactions. The areas where we may face risks in connection with such acquisitions include, but are not limited
to, the failure to successfully further develop the acquired business, the implementation or remediation of controls, procedures and policies
at the acquired business, the transition of employees, operations, users and customers onto our existing platforms, and cultural challenges
associated with integrating employees from the acquired business into our organization, and the continued retention of such employees
going forward. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our acquisitions could cause us to
fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, investments or alliances, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our
business generally. 

Our acquisitions could also
result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or impairment
of goodwill and purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any of which could harm our financial condition or results of
operations and cash flows. In addition, the anticipated benefits and synergies of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. 

Our ongoing investment
in and development of our new in-house branded product line is inherently risky and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. 

We have invested and expect
to continue to invest in our own in-house branded product lines. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including
insufficient revenues to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with this new investment, inadequate return of capital on
our investment, and unidentified issues not discovered in our assessment of such strategy and offerings. Because this venture is inherently
risky, no assurance can be given that such strategy and offerings will be successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial
condition, and operating results. 

If we are unable
to effectively execute our e-commerce business, our reputation and operating results may be harmed. 

We sell certain of our products
over the internet through our e-commerce platforms, www.Zenhydro.com and www.simpledeluxe.com. The success of our e-commerce business
depends on our investment in this platform, consumer preferences and buying trends relating to e-commerce, and our ability to both maintain
the continuous operation of our online store and our fulfillment operations and provide a shopping experience that will generate orders
and return visits to our online store. 

We are also vulnerable to
certain additional risks and uncertainties associated with our e-commerce business, including: changes in required technology interfaces;
website downtime and other technical failures; costs and technical issues associated with website software, systems and technology investments
and upgrades; data and system security; system failures, disruptions and breaches and the costs to address and remedy such failures, disruptions
or breaches; computer viruses; and changes in and compliance with applicable federal and state regulations. In addition, our efforts to
remain competitive with technology trends, including the use of new or improved technology, creative user interfaces and other e-commerce
marketing tools such as paid search and mobile applications, among others, may increase our costs and may not increase sales or attract
consumers. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties might adversely affect the sales of our e-commerce business,
as well as damage our reputation and brands. 

In addition, the success of
our e-commerce business and the satisfaction of our customers depends on their timely receipt of our products and their ability to pick
up their desired products from one of our garden centers. The efficient delivery and/or pick up of our products requires that our garden
and distribution centers have adequate capacity to support the current level of e-commerce operations and any anticipated increased levels
that may occur as a result of the growth of our e-commerce business. If we encounter difficulties with our garden and distribution centers,
or if any garden and distribution centers shut down for any reason, including as a result of fire or other natural disaster, or pursuant
to expanded stay-at-home orders or other restrictions due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, we could face shortages of inventory, which
would result in our inability to properly our online store. Such a situation could cause us to incur significantly higher costs and lead
to longer lead times associated with distributing products to our customers, which could cause us to lose customers. Experiencing any
of these issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and harm our reputation. 

15 

A substantial proportion of our sales occur
on Amazon and, as such, should our Company experience any negative actions by Amazon, our sales could be significantly affected. 

A significant proportion of
our sales occur on the Amazon.com platform. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, Amazon Vendor and Amazon Seller customers accounted
for 91 and 88 of the Company's total revenues, respectively, and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, accounts receivable from Amazon Vendor
and Amazon Seller accounted for 95 and 94 of the Company s total accounts receivable, respectively. Any disruption in our sales
or accessibility to Amazon, or any negative action taken by Amazon related to our sales, could negatively affect our business. 

Our reliance on third-party manufacturers could harm our business. 

We rely on third parties to
manufacture certain of our products. This reliance generates a number of risks, including decreased control over the production process,
which could lead to production delays or interruptions and inferior product quality control. In addition, performance problems at these
third-party manufacturers could lead to cost overruns, shortages, or other problems, which could increase our costs of production or result
in delivery delays to our customers. 

In addition, if one or more
of our third-party manufacturers becomes insolvent or unwilling to continue to manufacture products of acceptable quality, at acceptable
costs and in a timely manner, our ability to deliver products to our retail customers could be significantly impaired. Substitute manufacturers
may not be available or, if available, may be unwilling or unable to manufacture the products we need on acceptable terms. Moreover, if
customer demand for our products increases, we may be unable to secure sufficient additional capacity from our current third-party manufacturers,
or others, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

Our reliance on
a limited base of suppliers for certain products, such as light ballasts, may result in disruptions to our business and adversely affect
our financial results. 

We rely on a limited number
of suppliers for certain of our hydroponic products and other supplies. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, one supplier accounted
for 27 and 18 of the Company's total purchases, respectively. Such reliance on a limited number of suppliers may increase our risk of
experiencing disruptions in our business. As we do not have any long-term supply agreements, in the event we are unable to maintain supplier
arrangements and relationships, if we are unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity and quality levels needed for our business,
if any of our key suppliers becomes insolvent or experience other financial distress or if any of our key suppliers is negatively impacted
by COVID-19, including with respect to staffing and shipping of products, we could experience disruptions in our supply chain, which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Although we continue to implement
risk-mitigation strategies for single-source suppliers, we rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain of our products. If we are
unable to maintain supplier arrangements and relationships, if we are unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity and quality levels
needed for our business, or if any of our key suppliers becomes insolvent or experience other financial distress, we could experience
disruptions in production, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

A significant interruption
in the operation of our or our suppliers facilities could impact our capacity to produce products and service our customers, which
could adversely affect revenues and earnings. 

Operations at our and our
suppliers facilities are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including fire, flooding or other natural disasters, disease
outbreaks or pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, government shut-downs and work stoppages. A significant interruption in the operation
of our or our suppliers facilities, especially for those products manufactured at a limited number of facilities, such as fertilizer
and liquid products, could significantly impact our capacity to sell products and service our customers in a timely manner, which could
have a material adverse effect on our customer relationships, revenues, earnings, and financial position. 

16 

If our suppliers
are unable to source raw materials in sufficient quantities, on a timely basis, and at acceptable costs, our ability to sell our products
may be harmed. 

The manufacture of some of
our products is complex and requires precise high-quality manufacturing that is difficult to achieve. We have in the past, and may in
the future, experience difficulties in manufacturing our products on a timely basis and in sufficient quantities. These difficulties have
primarily related to difficulties associated with ramping up production of newly introduced products and may result in increased delivery
lead-times and increased costs of manufacturing these products. Our failure to achieve and maintain the required high manufacturing standards
could result in further delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost overruns, product recalls or withdrawals, increased warranty
costs or other problems that could harm our business and prospects. 

In determining the required
quantities of our products and the manufacturing schedule, we must make significant judgments and estimates based on historical experience,
inventory levels, current market trends and other related factors. Because of the inherent nature of estimates, there could be significant
differences between our estimates and the actual amounts of products we require, which could harm our business and results of operations. 

Disruptions in
availability or increases in the prices of raw materials sourced by suppliers could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We source many of our product
components from outside of the United States. The general availability and price of those components can be affected by numerous forces
beyond our control, including political instability, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, trade restrictions and other government
regulations, duties and tariffs, price controls, changes in currency exchange rates and weather. A significant disruption in the availability
of any of our key product components could negatively impact our business. In addition, increases in the prices of key commodities and
other raw materials could adversely affect our ability to manage our cost structure. Market conditions may limit our ability to raise
selling prices to offset increases in our raw material costs. Our proprietary technologies can limit our ability to locate or utilize
alternative inputs for certain products. For certain inputs, new sources of supply may have to be qualified under regulatory standards,
which can require additional investment and delay bringing a product to market. 

If our suppliers
that currently, or in the future, sell directly to the retail market in which we conduct our current or future business, enhance these
efforts and cease or decrease their sales through us, our ability to sell certain products could be harmed. 

Our distribution and sales
and marketing capabilities provide significant value to our suppliers. Distributed brand suppliers sell through us in order to access
thousands of retail and commercial customers across the United States with short order lead times, no minimum order quantity on individual
items, free or minimal freight expense and trade credit terms. Based on our knowledge and communication with our suppliers, we believe
some of our suppliers sell directly to the retail market. If these suppliers were to cease working with us or proceed to enhance their
direct-to-customer efforts, our product offerings, reputation, operation and business could be materially adversely affected. 

Our operations
may be impaired if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately or if we are the subject of a data breach or cyber-attack. 

We rely on information technology
systems to conduct our business, including communicating with employees and our key commercial customers, ordering, and managing materials
from suppliers, shipping products to customers and analyzing and reporting results of operations. While we have taken steps to ensure
the security of our information technology systems, our systems may nevertheless be vulnerable to computer viruses, security breaches
and other disruptions from unauthorized users. If our information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly for an
extended period of time, whether as a result of a significant cyber incident or otherwise, our ability to communicate internally as well
as with our retail customers could be significantly impaired, which may adversely impact our business. 

Additionally, in the normal
course of our business, we collect, store, and transmit proprietary and confidential information regarding our customers, employees, suppliers
and others, including personal information. An operational failure or breach of security from increasingly sophisticated cyber threats
could lead to loss, misuse or unauthorized disclosure of this information about our employees or customers, which may result in regulatory
or other legal proceedings, and have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. We also may not have the resources or technical
sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Any such attacks or precautionary measures taken
to prevent anticipated attacks may result in increasing costs, including costs for additional technologies, training, and third-party
consultants. The losses incurred from a breach of data security and operational failures as well as the precautionary measures required
to address this evolving risk may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

17 

We collect, process, store, use, and share
information collected from or about purchasers and users of our website and products. The collection and use of personal information,
and analysis and sharing of user data and unique identifiers to inform advertising subject us to legislative and regulatory burdens, may
expose us to liability, and our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect consumer data could harm our brand, our reputation in
the marketplace and our business. 

A wide variety of provincial,
state, national, foreign, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer,
and other processing of personal information. These privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, extensive,
and complex. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can delay or impede the development and offering of new products.
In addition, the interpretation and application of privacy and data protection-related laws in some cases is uncertain, and our legal
and regulatory obligations are subject to frequent changes, including the potential for various regulator or other governmental bodies
to enact new or additional laws or regulations, to issue rulings that invalidate prior laws or regulations, or to increase penalties. 

We engage in interest-based
advertising on our e-commerce website. U.S. and foreign governments have enacted or are considering legislation related to digital advertising
and we expect to see an increase in legislation and regulation related to digital advertising, the collection and use of user data and
unique device identifiers, such as IP address, and other data protection and privacy regulation. Such laws and legislation could affect
our costs of doing business. 

Further, while we strive to
publish and prominently display privacy policies that are accurate, comprehensive, and fully implemented, we cannot assure you that our
privacy policies and other statements regarding our practices will be sufficient to protect us from liability or adverse publicity relating
to the privacy and security of information about consumers or their devices. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our
privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to consumers or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, including
laws and regulations regulating privacy, data security, or consumer protection, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized
release or transfer of personal information, may result in proceedings or actions against us, legal liability, governmental enforcement
actions, and litigation. Furthermore, any such proceedings or actions, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or
others, could cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Additionally, if third parties
we work with, such as customers, advertisers, vendors or developers, violate our contractual limitations on data use or sharing, applicable
laws or our policies, such violations may also put consumers information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our
business. If third parties improperly obtain and use the information from or about our consumers or their devices, we may be required
to expend significant resources to resolve these problems. 

We also are subject to certain
contractual obligations to indemnify and hold harmless advertisers, marketing technology companies and other users of our data from the
costs or consequences of noncompliance with privacy-related laws, regulations, self-regulatory requirements or other legal obligations,
or inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure of data that we store or handle as part of providing our products. 

We may not be able
to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights that are material to our business. 

Our ability to compete effectively
depends in part on intellectual property rights we own or license, particularly our registered brand names. We have not sought to register
every one of our marks either in the United States or other countries in which such mark is used. Furthermore, because of the differences
in foreign intellectual property or proprietary rights laws, we may not receive the same protection in other countries as we would in
the United States with respect to the registered brand names we hold. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, proprietary
information and/or brand names, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, we may be required to license additional intellectual property and technology from third parties, which may be expensive. 

Litigation may be necessary
to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary information, or to defend against claims by third parties that
our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. Any litigation or claims brought by or against us could result in
substantial costs and diversion of our resources. A successful claim of intellectual property infringement against us, or any other successful
challenge to the use of our intellectual property, could subject us to damages or prevent us from providing certain products or services,
or using certain of our recognized brand names, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

18 

We may not be able to develop, license or
acquire new products, enhance the capabilities of our existing products to keep pace with rapidly changing technology and customer requirements,
or successfully manage the transition to new product offerings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Our success depends on our
ability to develop, license, or acquire and commercialize additional products and to develop new applications for our technologies in
existing and new markets, while improving the performance and cost-effectiveness of our existing products, in each case in ways that address
current and anticipated customer requirements. We intend to develop and commercialize additional products through our research and development
program and by licensing or acquiring additional products and technologies from third parties. Such success
is dependent upon several factors, including functionality, competitive pricing, ease of use, the safety and efficacy of our products
and our ability to identify, select and acquire the rights to products and technologies on terms that are acceptable to us. 

The
hydroponics industry is characterized by rapid technological change and innovation. New technologies, techniques or products may emerge
that might offer better combinations of price and performance or better address customer requirements as compared to our current or future
products, as well as those products of third-party vendors that we make available for sale. Competitors who have greater financial, marketing
and sales resources than we do may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies,
standards, or customer requirements. Any new product we identify for internal development, licensing or acquisition may require additional
development efforts prior to commercial sale. Due to the significant lead time and complexity involved in bringing a new product to the
market, we are required to make a number of assumptions and estimates regarding the commercial feasibility of a new product. These assumptions
and estimates may prove incorrect, resulting in our introduction of a product that is not competitive at the time of launch. We anticipate
that we will face increased competition in the future as existing companies and competitors develop new or improved products and as new
companies enter the market with new technologies and sales mechanisms which we may be unable to adopt or offer for sale. Our ability to
mitigate downward pressure on the prices of the products that we offer for sale will be dependent on our ability to maintain and/or increase
the value we offer to suppliers, vendors, strategic partners, and consumers. All new products are prone to risks of failure inherent in
hydroponic technology development. In addition, we cannot assure you that any such products that we develop or offer for sale will be
manufactured or produced economically, successfully commercialized or widely accepted in the marketplace. The expenses or losses associated
with unsuccessful product development or launch activities, or a lack of market acceptance of new products, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operation. 

Our
ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers depends in large part on our ability to enhance and improve
our own products, maintain relationships with other vendors and suppliers, and to make compelling new products available for sale through
our enterprise. Any new product that we develop or offer for sale may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain
defects or may not achieve the marketplace acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. If we are unable to successfully develop,
license or acquire new products to make available for sale, enhance our existing inventory offerings to meet customer requirements, or
otherwise gain market acceptance, our business and financial condition and results of operation would be harmed. 

We have identified certain material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting and may experience material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an
effective system of internal controls in the future, as a result of which, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition
or results of operations which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 

Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary
for us to provide reliable financial reports. If we cannot maintain effective controls and reliable financial reports, our business and
operating results could be harmed. Our management has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting and concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective because, among other things, (i) we lack effective communication and reconciliation procedures in
our controlled subsidiaries, and (ii) our controls related to the financial statements closing process were not adequately designed or
appropriately implemented to identify material misstatements in our financial reporting on a timely basis. 

19 

Management has evaluated remediation
plans for the deficiency and has implemented changes to address the material weakness identified, including hiring additional accountants
and consultants and implementing controls and procedures over financial reporting process. 

We cannot assure you that
there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any
failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition
or results of operations. The effectiveness of our controls and procedures may be limited by a variety of factors, including: 

faulty human judgment and simple errors, omissions, or mistakes; 

fraudulent action of an individual or collusion of two or more people; 

inappropriate management override of procedures; and 

the possibility that any enhancements to controls and procedures may still not be adequate to assure timely and accurate financial control. 

Our management and independent
registered public accounting firm has not performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting during any period in
accordance with the provisions under Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Had we performed
an evaluation and had our independent registered public accounting firm performed an audit of our internal control over financial reporting
in accordance with the provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley Act, additional control deficiencies amounting to material weaknesses may have
been identified. If we fail to remedy any material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate, our access to the capital markets
may be restricted and the trading price of our common stock may suffer. 

Prior to our initial public offering in
2021, we unilaterally terminated an engagement agreement with Boustead Securities LLC and may be subject to litigation or arbitration
in the event we are not able to come to agreement on amounts Boustead deems itself to be owed under such agreement. 

Pursuant to an engagement
agreement, dated and effective August 31, 2020 (the Engagement Agreement ), with Boustead Securities LLC Boustead ),
we engaged Boustead to act as our exclusive placement agent for private placements of our securities and as a potential underwriter for
our initial public offering. The Engagement Agreement set forth certain terms and conditions, including that in the event the Company
completed a private placement or a public offering of its securities, Boustead would receive (i) cash compensation equal to 7 of the
offering proceeds, plus (ii) a non-accountable expense allowance equal to 1 of the gross amount to be disbursed to the Company, plus
(iii) warrants to purchase the equivalent of 7 of the stock issued in such offering. The term of the Engagement Agreement was the later
to occur of (i) 18 months from the date Boustead received an executed copy of the Engagement Agreement from the Company or (ii) 12 months
from the completion date of the initial public offering or (iii) the mutual written agreement of the Company and Boustead. Upon the termination
or expiration of the Engagement Agreement, the Company was required to pay to Boustead any out-of-pocket expenses incurred up to the date
thereof. In addition, upon termination or expiration of the Engagement Agreement, Boustead was entitled to a success fee, as set forth
in the Engagement Agreement, if the Company completed a sale, merger, acquisition, joint venture, strategic alliance, or other similar
agreement with a party, including the pre-IPO and IPO investors, or which became aware of the Company or which became known to the Company
prior to such termination or expiration, during the twelve (12) month period following the termination or expiration of the Engagement
Agreement. On February 28, 2021 we informed Boustead that we were terminating the Engagement Agreement and any continuing obligations
we may have had under its terms. On April 15, 2021, we provided formal written notice to Boustead of our termination of the Engagement
Agreement and all obligations thereunder, effective immediately. On April 16, 2021, counsel to Boustead advised us that they believed
our termination of the Engagement Agreement was improper and threatened to seek immediate judicial intervention to obtain injunctive relief
and damages. On April 21, 2021, our special litigation counsel responded to such allegations and threats, refuting Boustead s claims.
On April 23, 2021, counsel to Boustead provided written notice stating that, subject to the size of our initial public offering, they
believe they will be entitled to 7 of the capital raised in addition to warrants. On April 30, 2021, Boustead filed a statement of claim
with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, demanding to arbitrate the dispute, and is seeking, among other things, monetary
damages against the Company and D.A. Davidson Co. A pre-hearing conference is presently scheduled for the matter on September 26,
2023. The matter had been previously scheduled to be heard before a FINRA arbitration panel in late September and October. However, those
hearing dates have been cancelled and have yet to be rescheduled. While we believe we have meritorious defenses against Boustead s
claims, we cannot provide assurance that any potential monetary damages arising from the Boustead dispute will not be in excess of 7 
of the capital raised in our initial public offering. The party prevailing in any proceeding under the Engagement Agreement may be entitled
to their costs and attorneys fees, which could be substantial. As such, any proceeding arising from our Engagement Agreement with
Boustead may be expensive to defend and could result in a substantial settlement payment or damages award, and there can be no assurance
of a favorable outcome for us. In addition, we have indemnified D.A. Davidson Co. and the other underwriters against any liability
or expenses they may be subject to or incur in connection with the Boustead dispute. 

20 

General Risk Factors Related to Our Business 

Litigation may adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

From time to time in the normal
course of our business operations, we may become subject to litigation that may result in liability material to our financial statements
as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. The cost to defend such
litigation may be significant and may require a diversion of our resources. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation
that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately
found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Since inception,
aside from a dispute with the placement agent of our 2020-2021 pre-IPO private placements, the Company has not been a party to any material
litigation. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for additional information. 

If product liability lawsuits are brought
against us, we may incur substantial liabilities. 

We face a potential risk of
product liability resulting from the sale of our products. For example, we may be sued if any product we sell allegedly causes injury
or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing, or sale. Any such product liability claim may
include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence,
strict liability, and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully
defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities. Even successful defense would require significant
financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for products that we may offer for sale; 

injury to our reputation; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; and 

a decline in the value of our stock. 

Our inability to obtain and
retain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent
or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop. We do not maintain any product liability insurance. Even if we obtain product
liability insurance in the future, we may have to pay amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage
limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. 

We may not be able to obtain insurance coverage
adequate to cover all significant risk exposures. 

During the ordinary course
of business, we anticipate that we will be exposed to certain liabilities that are unique to the products we provide. We currently maintain
only general liability, umbrella liability, business personal property and business income insurance policies and there can be no assurance
that we will acquire or maintain insurance for certain risks, that the amount of our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover all
claims or liabilities, or that we will not be forced to bear substantial costs resulting from risks and uncertainties of business. It
is also not possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. The failure to obtain and maintain
adequate insurance coverage on terms favorable to us, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

21 

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions,
the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flows. 

In the event there are significant
changes in federal or state tax law provisions, or in the event there is new and additional tax legislation adopted, we could be exposed
to additional tax liabilities. Such additional tax liabilities could have an effect on our net income and profit margins. 

Certain of our products sell on a seasonal
basis, resulting in fluctuations in our cash flow, inventory, and accounts payable. 

As a result of the seasonality
of certain products, such as planting equipment, ventilation equipment, grow light systems, or harvesting equipment related to certain
produce that grows on a seasonal basis, our business is likely to cause cash and cash equivalents, inventory, and accounts payable to
fluctuate, resulting in changes in our working capital. 

Our results of
operations could be materially harmed if we are unable to accurately forecast customer demand for our products and manage our inventory. 

We seek to maintain sufficient
levels of inventory in order to protect ourselves from supply interruptions. To ensure adequate inventory supply and manage our operations
with our third-party vendors, manufacturers and suppliers, we forecast anticipated materials requirements and demand for our products
in order to predict inventory needs and then place orders with our suppliers based on these predictions. Our ability to accurately forecast
demand for our products could be negatively affected by many factors, including our limited historical commercial experience, rapid growth,
failure to accurately manage our expansion strategy, product introductions by competitors, an increase or decrease in customer demand
for our products, our failure to accurately forecast customer acceptance of new products, unanticipated changes in general market conditions
or regulatory matters and weakening of economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions. 

Inventory levels in excess
of customer demand, including as a result of our introduction of product enhancements, may result in a portion of our inventory becoming
obsolete or expiring, as well as inventory write-downs or write-offs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Conversely, if we underestimate customer demand for our and those third-party products we offer for
sale, vendors, manufacturers and suppliers may not be able to deliver those materials necessary to meet our requirements, which could
result in inadequate inventory levels or interruptions, delays or cancellations of deliveries to our customers, any of which would damage
our reputation, customer relationships and business. In addition, several products that we offer for sale may require lengthy order lead
times, and additional supplies or materials may not be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, and our
third-party manufacturers and suppliers may not be able to allocate sufficient capacity in order to meet our increased requirements, any
of which could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand for our products and our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

The failure of
third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations could adversely affect our business. 

We rely on suppliers, vendors,
outsourcing partners, consultants, alliance partners and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize our products.
Using these third parties poses a number of risks, such as: (i) they may not perform to our standards or legal requirements; (ii) they
may not produce reliable results; (iii) they may not perform in a timely manner; (iv) they may not maintain confidentiality of our proprietary
information; (v) disputes may arise with respect to ownership of rights to technology developed with our partners; and (vi) disagreements
could cause delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of our products or result in litigation or arbitration.
Moreover, some third parties are located in markets subject to political and social risk, corruption, infrastructure problems and natural
disasters, in addition to country-specific privacy and data security risk given current legal and regulatory environments. Failure of
third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

22 

The sizes of the markets for our current
and future products have not been established with precision and may be smaller than we estimate. 

Our estimates of the total
addressable markets for our current products, products under development and third-party products that we offer for sale are based on
a number of internal and third party estimates and the assumed prices at which we can sell such products in markets that have not been
established or that we have not yet entered. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these
assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby
reducing the predictive accuracy of these estimates. As a result, our estimates of the total addressable market for our current or future
products may prove to be incorrect. If the actual number of consumers who would benefit from the products we offer, the price at which
we can sell such products, or the total addressable market for such products is smaller than we have estimated, it may impair our sales
growth and have an adverse impact on our business. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may have the effect
of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 

To the extent the COVID-19
pandemic may adversely affect our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described
in this Risk Factors section, as well as other risks which we may not be currently aware of. 

The conflict between Russia and Ukraine
may have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 

To the extent the conflict
between Russia and Ukraine may adversely affect our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of
the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, as well as other risks which we may not be currently aware of. 

Risks Related to Doing Business with the Cannabis
Industry 

While our business includes both the hobbyist
gardener, and is not exclusively reliant on the cannabis grower, our growth is nonetheless substantially dependent on the growth
and stabilization of the U.S. cannabis market. New California regulations caused licensing shortages and future regulations may create
other limitations that decrease the demand for our products. State level regulations adopted in the future may adversely impact our business. 

The base of growers in the
U.S. has grown over the past 20 years since the legalization of cannabis for medical uses in states such as California, Colorado,
Michigan, Nevada, New Jersey, Oregon, and Washington, with a large number of those growers depending on products similar to those we distribute.
The U.S. cannabis market is still in its infancy and early adopter states such as California, Colorado and Washington represent a large
portion of historical industry revenues. If the U.S. cannabis cultivation market does not grow as expected, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Cannabis remains illegal under
U.S. federal law, with it listed as a Schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). Notwithstanding laws in various
states permitting certain cannabis activities, all activities, including possession, distribution, processing and manufacturing of cannabis
and investment in, and financial services or transactions involving proceeds of, or promoting such activities remain illegal under various
U.S. federal criminal and civil laws and regulations, including the CSA, as well as laws and regulations of several states that have not
legalized some or any cannabis activities to date. Compliance with applicable state laws regarding cannabis activities does not protect
us from federal prosecution or other enforcement action, such as seizure or forfeiture remedies, nor does it provide any defense to such
prosecution or action. Cannabis activities conducted in or related to conduct in multiple states may potentially face a higher level of
scrutiny from federal authorities. Penalties for violating federal drug, conspiracy, aiding, abetting, bank fraud and/or money laundering
laws may include prison, fines, and seizure/forfeiture of property used in connection with cannabis activities, including proceeds derived
from such activities. 

In addition to sales through
our own platforms, www.Zenhydro.com and www.simpledeluxe.com, we sell our products through third-party retailers and resellers. However,
it is evident to us that the movement towards the legalization of cannabis in the U.S. and its legalization in Canada has ultimately had
a significant and positive impact on our industry. We are not currently subject directly to any state laws or regulations controlling
participants in the legal cannabis industry. However, regulation of the cannabis industry does impact those that we believe represent
many end-users for our products and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that changes in regulation of the industry and more rigorous
enforcement by federal authorities will not have a material adverse effect on us. 

23 

Legislation and regulations pertaining to
the use and cultivation of cannabis are enacted on both the state and federal government level within the United States. As a result,
the laws governing the cultivation and use of cannabis may be subject to change. Any new laws and regulations limiting the use or cultivation
of cannabis and any enforcement actions by state and federal governments could indirectly reduce demand for our products and may impact
our current and planned future operations. 

Individual state laws regarding
the cultivation and possession of cannabis for adult and medical uses conflict with federal laws prohibiting the cultivation, possession
and use of cannabis for any purpose. A number of states have passed legislation legalizing or decriminalizing cannabis for adult-use,
other states have enacted legislation specifically permitting the cultivation and use of cannabis for medicinal purposes, and several
states have enacted legislation permitting cannabis cultivation and use for both adult and medicinal purposes. Evolving federal and state
laws and regulations pertaining to the use or cultivation of cannabis, as well active enforcement by federal or state authorities of the
laws and regulations governing the use and cultivation of cannabis may indirectly and adversely affect our business, our revenues, and
our profits. 

Certain of our products may be purchased
for use in new and emerging industries and/or be subject to varying, inconsistent, and rapidly changing laws, regulations, administrative
practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations, future scientific research and public perception. 

In addition to selling our
products through our own online platforms, www.Zenhydro.com and www.simpledeluxe.com, we sell products, including hydroponic gardening
products, through third-party retailers and resellers. End users may purchase these products for use in new and emerging industries that
may not achieve market acceptance in a manner that we can predict. The demand for these products is dependent on the growth of these industries,
which is uncertain, as well as the laws governing the growth, possession, and use of cannabis by adults for both adult and medical use. 

Laws and regulations affecting
the U.S. cannabis industry are continually changing, which could detrimentally affect our growth, revenues, results of operations and
success generally. Local, state, and federal cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations,
which could require the end users of certain of our products or us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter our
respective business plans. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result
in a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 

Scientific research related
to the benefits of cannabis remains in its early stages, is subject to a number of important assumptions, and may prove to be inaccurate.
Future research studies and clinical trials may reach negative conclusions regarding the viability, safety, efficacy, dosing, social acceptance
or other facts and perceptions related to medical cannabis, which could materially impact the demand for our products. 

The public s perception
of cannabis may significantly impact the cannabis industry s success. Both the medical and adult-use of cannabis are controversial
topics, and there is no guarantee that future scientific research, publicity, regulations, medical opinion, and public opinion relating
to cannabis will be favorable. The cannabis industry is an early-stage business that is constantly evolving with no guarantee of viability.
The market for medical and adult-use of cannabis is uncertain, and any adverse or negative publicity, scientific research, limiting regulations,
medical opinion and public opinion (whether or not accurate or with merit) relating to the consumption of cannabis, whether in the United
States or internationally, may have a material adverse effect on our operational results, consumer base, and financial results. Among
other things, such a shift in public opinion could cause state jurisdictions to abandon initiatives or proposals to legalize medical or
adult cannabis or adopt new laws or regulations restricting or prohibiting the medical or adult-use of cannabis where it is now legal,
thereby limiting the Cannabis Industry Participants. 

Demand for our products may
be negatively impacted depending on how laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations,
and consumer perceptions develop. We cannot predict the nature of such developments or the effect, if any, that such developments could
have on our business. 

24 

Our indirect involvement in the cannabis
industry could affect the public s perception of us and be detrimental to our reputation. 

Damage to our reputation can
be the result of the actual or perceived occurrence of any number of events, and could include any negative publicity, whether true or
not. Cannabis has often been associated with various other narcotics, violence and criminal activities, the risk of which is that our
retailers and resellers that transact with those businesses might attract negative publicity. There is also risk that the action(s) of
other participants, companies and service providers in the cannabis industry may negatively affect the reputation of the industry as a
whole and thereby negatively impact our reputation. The increased use of social media and other web-based tools used to generate, publish
and discuss user-generated content and to connect with other users has made it increasingly easier for individuals and groups to communicate
and share opinions and views with regard to cannabis companies and their activities, whether true or not and the cannabis industry in
general, whether true or not. We do not ultimately have direct control over how the cannabis industry is perceived by others. Reputation
loss may result in decreased investor confidence, increased challenges in developing and maintaining community relations and an impediment
to our overall ability to advance our business strategy and realize our growth prospects, thereby having a material adverse impact on
our business. 

In addition, third parties
with whom we may do business could perceive that they are exposed to reputational risk as a result of the involvement of some of our customers
in the cannabis business. Failure to establish or maintain business relationships due to reputational risk arising in connection with
the nature of our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Businesses involved in the cannabis industry,
and investments in such businesses, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations related to money laundering, financial recordkeeping,
and proceeds of crimes. 

We sell our products through
our websites, www.Zenhydro.com and www.simpledeluxe.com, as well as through online third-party retail platforms which do not exclusively
sell to customers operating in the cannabis industry. Nonetheless, some of our customers may be using our products for purposes of cultivating
cannabis. Investments in the U.S. cannabis industry are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that involve money laundering, financial
recordkeeping and proceeds of crime, including the BSA, as amended by the U.S. PATRIOT Act, other anti-money laundering laws, and any
related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by governmental authorities in the United States.
In February 2014, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Treasury Department FinCEN issued a memorandum
(the FinCEN Memo providing guidance to banks seeking to provide services to cannabis businesses. The FinCEN Memo outlines
circumstances under which banks may provide services to cannabis businesses without risking prosecution for violation of U.S. federal
money laundering laws. It refers to supplementary guidance that Deputy Attorney General Cole issued to U.S. federal prosecutors relating
to the prosecution of U.S. money laundering offenses predicated on cannabis violations of the CSA and outlines extensive due diligence
and reporting requirements, which most banks have viewed as onerous. On June 29, 2020, FinCEN issued additional guidance for financial
institutions conducting due diligence and filing suspicious activity reports in connection with hemp-related business customers. While
these guidelines clarify that financial institutions are not required to file suspicious activity reports solely based on a customer s
hemp-related business operations, which must be operating lawfully under applicable state law and regulations, these requirements can
still present challenges for certain end users of our products to establish and maintain banking connections, and restrictions on cannabis-related
banking activities remain. In September 2019, the United States House of Representatives passed the SAFE Banking Act, which would
permit commercial banks to offer services to cannabis companies that are in compliance with state law, but the Senate has not taken up
the SAFE Banking Act or other similar legislation. 

25 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

If we fail to comply
with the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market, it could result in our common stock being delisted, which could
adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our securities and could have other adverse effects. 

On
August 24, 2023, we received a letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that for the 30 consecutive business day period between July 13, 2023 to August 23, 2023 the Company s common stock had
failed to maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share, as required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant
to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ). Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the
Company has an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until February 20, 2024 (the Compliance Period ), to regain compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must meet or exceed
 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading days, unless such period is extended by Nasdaq. If the Company does not regain
compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by February 20, 2024, the Company may be eligible for an additional 180-day period to
regain compliance. To qualify, the Company would be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held
shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the Minimum Bid Price Requirement,
and we would need to provide written notice of our intention to cure the bid price deficiency during the second compliance period, by
effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 

If
the Company cannot regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement during the Compliance Period or any subsequently granted compliance
period, Nasdaq will provide the Company with notice that our common stock will be subject to delisting. At that time, the Company may
appeal Nasdaq s delisting determination to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. While Nasdaq s notice to the Company of noncompliance
has no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock and our common stock will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol IPW, there can be no assurance that we will regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement or
maintain compliance with any of the other Nasdaq continued listing requirements. We will continue to monitor the closing bid price of
our common stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

Our founders, officers and directors control,
and will continue to control, our company for the foreseeable future, including the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval.

Our founders, officers and
directors collectively will beneficially own approximately 53.98 of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, such individuals
will, for the foreseeable future, have the ability, acting together, to control the election of our directors and the outcome of corporate
actions requiring stockholder approval, such as: (i) a merger or a sale of our company, (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of our
assets, and (iii) amendments to our articles of incorporation and bylaws. This concentration of voting power and control could have a
significant effect in delaying, deferring, or preventing an action that might otherwise be beneficial to our other stockholders and be
disadvantageous to our stockholders with interests different from those entities and individuals. Certain of these individuals also have
significant control over our business, policies and affairs as officers or directors of our company. Therefore, you should not invest
in reliance on your ability to have any control over our company. See Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for further discussion of the stockholding of our founders and principal stockholders. 

Future sales of our common stock in the
public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

As a public company, sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress
the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 

General Risk Factors Related to our Common Stock 

There are risks, including stock market
volatility, inherent in owning our common stock. 

The market price and volume
of our common stock have been, and may continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. These fluctuations may arise from general
stock market conditions, the impact of risk factors described herein on our results of operations and financial position, or a change
in opinion in the market regarding our business prospects or other factors, many of which may be outside our immediate control. 

We do not intend to pay dividends for the
foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our
common stock . 

The decision to pay cash dividends
on our common stock rests with our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, unencumbered cash, capital requirements and financial
condition. We do not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future, as we intend to use any excess cash to fund our operations
and growth. Investors in our common stock should not expect to receive dividend income on their investment, and investors will be dependent
on the appreciation of our common stock to earn a return on their investment. 

26 

We may require additional capital to support the growth of our
business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Prior to our initial public
offering in May 2021, we funded our operations primarily through borrowing funds, the sale of convertible notes and equity securities,
and the sales of our products. We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing
operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business, which may require us to engage
in equity or debt financing to secure additional funds. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all.
If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our
business, operating results and financial condition. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to holders
of common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends
on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity
securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in the future will depend on
numerous considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future
issuances of debt or equity securities. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of future issuances of debt or equity securities reducing
the value of our common stock and diluting their interests. 

As a public company, we are subject to increased
costs in relation to maintaining SEC and Nasdaq-related reporting requirements and our management is required to devote substantial time
to compliance with our public company reporting responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 

As a Nasdaq-listed public
company, we face significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, which we expect to further
increase after we are no longer an emerging growth company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose
various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to ensuring compliance
with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities
more time-consuming and costly as compared to when we were operating as a private company. As a newly public company, we are unable to
predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs. 

As a result of being a public company, we
are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the
adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our Company and, as a result, the value of our common
stock. 

We are required, pursuant
to Section 404 of t he Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, to furnish a report
by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. This assessment
will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting.
In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting in our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following the date we are no longer an emerging
growth company. We have recently commenced the costly and challenging process of compiling the system and processing documentation
necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404, but we may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing
and any required remediation in a timely fashion once initiated. Our compliance with Section 404 requires that we incur substantial
accounting expenses and expend significant management efforts. We currently do not have an internal audit group, and we will need to hire
additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and compile the
system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. 

During the evaluation and
testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting,
we will be unable to certify that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not
be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain
internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of
operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered
public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting,
we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could
decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure
to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control
systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 

We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less
attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to
be an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable
to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote
on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging
growth company for up to five years following the effectiveness of this registration statement, or until the earliest of (i) the
last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.07 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large
accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that
is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii)
the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. 

27 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the
market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage
of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult
or impossible. After we are no longer an emerging growth company, we expect to incur additional management time and cost
to comply with the more stringent reporting requirements applicable to companies that are deemed accelerated filers or large accelerated
filers, including complying with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional
costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 

Our stockholders will experience further
dilution if we issue additional equity or equity-linked securities in the future. 

If we issue additional shares
of common stock, or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of common stock, our stockholders, including
investors who purchase shares of common stock in this offering, will experience additional dilution, and any such issuances may result
in downward pressure on the price of our common stock. As a result, investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could
have rights superior to existing stockholders. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or reports about our business, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, the market
price for our common stock and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our
common stock is influenced by research or reports that industry or securities analysts publish about our business. If industry or securities
analysts decide to cover us and in the future downgrade our common stock, the market price for our securities would likely decline. If
one or more of these analysts cease to cover us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets, which in turn could cause the market price or trading volume for our common stock to decline. 

Now that we are an actively-traded Nasdaq-listed
company, the market price of our common stock may be volatile. 

As our securities are publicly-traded
and even though an active market for our common stock has developed, the market price for our common stock may be volatile and subject
to wide fluctuations in response to factors including the following: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes in financial operational estimates or projections; 

conditions in markets generally; 

changes in the economic performance or market valuations of companies similar to ours; and 

general economic or political conditions in the United States and elsewhere. 

The securities market has
from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular
companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of shares of our common stock. 

In the event of liquidation or dissolution
of our company, stockholders may not recoup all or any portion of their investment. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of our Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the proceeds and/or assets of our Company remaining after
giving effect to such transaction, and the payment of all of our debts and liabilities will be distributed to the holders of common stock
on a pro rata basis. There can be no assurance that we will have available assets to pay to the holders of common stock, or any amounts,
upon such a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our Company. In this event, stockholders could lose some or all of their investment. 

28 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal offices, which
also serve as a fulfillment center, are located at 8798 9 th Street, Rancho Cucamonga, California. There we lease approximately
99,347 square feet of space, which is used for the storage and distribution of hydroponic equipment, lighting and garden accessories,
home products, pet products, other consumer products and other ancillary uses. The term of the Rancho Cucamonga lease is for 74 months.
 The lease commencement date is February 10, 2022, the rent commencement date is May 11, 2022 and the expiration date is May 31,
2028. The base rental fee is 114,249 to 140,079 per month through the expiration date, May 31, 2028. 

In addition, we lease a fulfilment
center at 2397 Bateman Avenue, Duarte, CA 91010, which consists of approximately 49,500 square feet of space, with a base rental fee of
 56,000 to 59,410 per month. The term of this lease runs from May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2025. 

We also entered into a lease
agreement for 2399 Bateman Avenue, Duarte, CA 91010, which property is approximately 48,867 square feet and we lease at the rate of approximately
 42,000 per month. This property previously served as both our principal offices as well as our primary fulfillment center. This lease
expires on December 31, 2023 and we do not currently plan to renew it. 

In addition to our primary
fulfillment centers in Rancho Cucamonga and Duarte, we maintain a 22,700 square foot fulfillment center located at 14750 E. Nelson Avenue,
Unit #I, Industry City, CA 91744, which we have leased at the rate of approximately 28,000 per month since September 2020. This lease
expires on October 31, 2023 and we do not plan to renew it. On February 15, 2022, upon completion of the acquisition of Anivia, the Company
assumed an operating lease of offices in the PRC. The office space in the PRC is located in Shenzhen and the term of this lease expires
in July of 2026. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Legal Proceedings 

Our
former placement agent, Boustead Securities LLC Boustead ), has brought a legal action against us following our communication
to Boustead to unilaterally terminate an engagement agreement under which we and Boustead had originally intended for Boustead to be engaged
to act as an exclusive underwriter in our initial public offering. To date, we have been unable to reach a settlement with Boustead. On
April 30, 2021, Boustead filed a statement of claim with FINRA demanding to arbitrate the dispute, and is seeking, among other things,
monetary damages against the Company and D.A. Davidson Co. The matter is presently scheduled to have a pre-hearing conference before
a FINRA arbitration panel on September 26, 2023. The actual FINRA arbitration, however, has been postponed and, as a result, a date for
the FINRA arbitration hearing has not yet been set. The Company and its special litigation counsel are in the process of preparing for
the hearing. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to any claims that Boustead may assert, and we do not believe that such claims
will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. However, we have agreed to indemnify D.A.
Davidson Co. and the other underwriters who participated in our initial public offering against any liability or expense they may
incur or be subject to arising out of the Boustead dispute. In addition, Chenlong Tan, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
and a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock, has agreed to reimburse us for any judgments, fines and amounts paid or actually
incurred by us or an indemnitee in connection with such legal action or in connection with any settlement agreement entered into by us
or an indemnitee up to a maximum of 3.5 million in the aggregate, with the sole source of funding for such reimbursement to come from
sales of shares then owned by Mr. Tan. 

Other
than the above, we are not presently party to any pending or other threatened legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results, although from time to time, we may become involved
in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is listed
on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or NASDAQ, under the symbol IPW, where we commenced trading on May 14, 2021. Prior to that
time, our common stock was not traded on any exchange or quoted on any over the counter market. 

Holders 

As of September 14, 2023,
we had 21 holders of record of our common stock and 29,764,374 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Dividends 

We have never paid cash dividends
on our common stock. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, declared and paid from time to time by the
board of directors out of funds legally available. We intend to retain any earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the payment of cash
dividends will depend upon future earnings, results of operations, capital requirements, our financial condition, and other factors that
our board of directors may consider. 

Equity Compensation
Plans 

2020 Amended Equity Incentive Plan 

The total number of underlying
shares of the Company s common stock available for grant to directors, officers, key employees and consultants of the Company or
a subsidiary of the Company under the Company s Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Inventive Plan (the 2020 Amended Equity
Incentive Plan was 5,000,000 shares. Grants made under the 2020 Amended Equity Incentive Plan must be approved by the Company s
board of directors. 

The following table provides
information as of June 30, 2023 about our equity compensation plans and arrangements. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 3,600,802 
 1.12 
 1,399,198 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 

Total 
 3, 600,802 
 1.12 
 1,399,198 

30 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Set forth below is information
regarding all securities issued by us within the past three years. Also included is the consideration received by us for such securities,
if any, and information relating to the section of the Securities Act, or rule of the SEC, under which exemption from registration was
claimed. 

On February 15, 2022, pursuant
to the terms of a share transfer framework agreement (the Transfer Agreement for acquisition of 100 of the ordinary shares
of Anivia Limited Anivia and its subsidiaries and VIE, the Company issued 3,083,700 restricted shares (subject to a lock-up
period of 180 days and insider trading rules) of the Company s common stock to White Cherry Limited, a BVI company White
Cherry ). The shares issued under the Transfer Agreement were issued in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Please
see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details concerning the transaction. 

On January 27, 2021, the Company completed a private
placement offering pursuant to which the Company sold to two accredited investors an aggregate of 3,000,000 in convertible notes with
a 6 interest per annum (the Convertible Note and warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock equaling 80 of the
number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. The warrants are exercisable for a period
of three years from the IPO completion date at a per share exercise price equal to the IPO. The Convertible Notes automatically converted
into the Company s common stock upon completion of a qualified IPO (the Mandatory Conversion or were repayable in
cash at the option of the holders of the Convertible Notes with repayment to commence six months after January 27, 2021. At the time of
our IPO, pursuant to their terms, the Convertible Notes converted at a price equal to the lesser of (a) a price representing a 30 discount
to the public offering price per share of the Class A Common Stock in this Offering, or (b) a price representing a 30 discount
to the price per share equal to dividing 200 million by the total number of (x) outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock immediately
prior to the IPO, (y) the number of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 34,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and
(z) the number of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding Convertible Notes. Any interest accrued on the Convertible
Note will be waived upon conversion. The Convertible Notes and warrants were sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule
506(b) under Regulation D of the Securities Act. 

In connection with the Convertible
Note offering, the Company issued placement agent warrants to purchase 7.0 of the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Convertible
Notes exercisable at the conversion price of the Convertible Note (the Conversion Price ). The placement agent warrants were
exercisable for a period of five years from the issuance date and are treated as a debt issuance cost. 

Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

None. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (the MD A should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere herein. The MD A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of
historical fact are forward-looking statements. When used, the words believe, plan, intend, 
 anticipate, target, estimate, expect, and the like, and/or future-tense or conditional
constructions will, may, could, should, etc.), or similar expressions, identify
certain of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this report. Our actual
results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several
factors. 

Historical results may not indicate future
performance. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events, are based on assumptions and are subject to
known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, including any changes that might result from any
facts, events, or circumstances after the date hereof that may bear upon forward-looking statements. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee
future results, events, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. 

31 

Overview 

Driven by tech and data, iPower
Inc. is an online supplier of consumer goods, including hydroponics equipment, general gardening supplies, and consumer home goods. Through
the operations of our e-commerce platforms and channel partners, our 99,000 square foot fulfillment center in Rancho Cucamonga, California,
and our combined 121,000 square foot fulfillment centers in Los Angeles, California, we believe we are one of the leading marketers, distributors
and retailers in the consumer gardening and home goods categories, based on management s estimates. Our core strategy continues
to focus on expanding our geographic reach across the United States and internationally through organic growth, both in terms of expanding
customer base as well as brand and product development. iPower has developed a set of methodologies driven by proprietary data formulas
to effectively bring products to market and sales. 

We are actively developing
and acquiring our in-house branded products, which to date include the iPower and Simple Deluxe brands and
more, some of which have been designated as Amazon best seller product leaders and Amazon Choice products, among others. 

Recent Acquisitions and Joint Ventures 

On February 15, 2022, in exchange
for total consideration with a fair value of 10.6 million, we acquired 100 of the ordinary shares of Anivia, a corporation organized
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands BVI ), in accordance with the terms of a share transfer framework agreement
(the Transfer Agreement ), dated February 15, 2022, by and between the Company, White Cherry Limited, a BVI company White
Cherry ), White Cherry s equity holders, Li Zanyu and Xie Jing (together with White Cherry, the Sellers ), Anivia,
Fly Elephant Limited, a Hong Kong company, Dayourenzai (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd., and Daheshou (Shenzhen) Information Technology
Co., Ltd. Anivia owns 100 of the equity of Fly Elephant Limited, which in turn owns 100 of the equity of Dayourenzai (Shenzhen) Technology
Co., Ltd., a corporation located in the PRC and which is a wholly foreign-owned enterprise WFOE of Fly Elephant Limited.
The WFOE controls, through a series of contractual arrangements summarized below, the business, revenues and profits of Daheshou (Shenzhen)
Information Technology Co., Ltd., a company organized under the Laws of the PRC (the Operating Company and located in Shenzhen,
China. The Operating Company is principally engaged in selling of a wide range of products and providing logistic services in the PRC. 

On February 10, 2022, we entered
into a joint venture agreement with Bro Angel, LLC, Ji Shin, and Bing Luo (the GSM Joint Venture Agreement ). Pursuant to
the terms of the GSM Joint Venture Agreement, the parties formed a Nevada limited liability company, Global Social Media, LLC GSM ),
for the principal purpose of providing a social media platform, contents and services to assist businesses, including the Company and
other businesses, in the marketing of their products. Following entry into the GSM Joint Venture Agreement, GSM issued 10,000 certificated
units of membership interest (the GSM Equity Units ), of which the Company was issued 6,000 GSM Equity Units and Bro Angel
was issued 4,000 GSM Equity Units. Messrs. Shin and Luo are the owners of 100 of the equity of Bro Angel. 

Under the terms of the GSM
limited liability operating agreement (the GSM LLC Agreement ), the Company will contribute 100,000 to the capital of GSM
and Bro Angel granted GSM, pursuant to the terms of an intellectual property licensing agreement, dated February 10, 2022 (the IP
License Agreement ), an exclusive worldwide paid up right and license to use all intellectual property of Bro Angel and its members
for the purpose of furthering the proposed business of GSM. The LLC Agreement prohibits the issuance of additional GSM Equity Units and
certain other actions unless approved in advance by the Company. 

Pursuant to the GSM Joint
Venture Agreement, the Company and GSM also intend to enter into an occupancy management agreement pursuant to which the Company will
grant to GSM the right to have access to and use of up to approximately 4,000 square feet of office space along with internet access at
the Company s facility located at 2399 Bateman Avenue, Irwindale, CA 91010. It was contemplated that only approximately 300-400
square feet will be initially used by GSM. However, since the space was never utilized by GSM, iPower resumed using the contemplated space
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

Trends and Expectations 

Product and Brand Development 

We plan to increase investments
in product and brand development. We actively evaluate potential acquisition opportunities of companies and product brand names that can
complement our product catalog and improve on existing products and supply chain efficiencies. 

32 

Global Economic Disruption 

While at present the majority
of our products are sourced either in the United States or China, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine may nonetheless increase
the likelihood of supply chain interruptions and hinder our ability to find the materials we need to make our products. Thus far, as a
result of the general global economic disruption, we have experienced a decrease in the speed with which we are able to purchase new inventory,
as well as an increase in costs due to delays in shipping, resulting increase in time with which products remain in our warehouse facilities,
thus resulting in reduced profits. In addition, supply chain disruptions may make it harder for us to find favorable pricing and reliable
sources for the materials we need, putting upward pressure on our costs and increasing the risk that we may be unable to acquire the materials
and services we need to continue to make certain products. 

Ongoing COVID-19 Outbreak and Related Disruptions 

While the worst of the COVID-19 pandemic has seemingly passed, we are
continuing to closely monitor its impact on our business, results of operations and financial results. The situation surrounding the COVID-19
outbreak remains fluid and the full extent of the positive or negative impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business will depend on
certain developments including the length of time any regional outbreaks, the impact on consumer activity and behaviors and the effect
on our customers, employees, suppliers, and stockholders, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. While the COVID-19 outbreak
has not had a material adverse impact on our operations to date and we believe the long-term opportunity that we see for shopping online
remains unchanged, it is difficult to predict all of the positive or negative impacts the COVID-19 outbreak will have on our business.
We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required
by federal, state, local or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our customers, employees, suppliers,
stockholders, and communities. 

Regulatory Environment 

We sell hydroponic gardening
products to end users that may use such products in new and emerging industries or segments, including the growing of cannabis. The demand
for hydroponic gardening products depends on the uncertain growth of these industries or segments due to varying, inconsistent, and rapidly
changing laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations, and consumer perceptions. For
example, certain countries and a total of 46 U.S. states plus the District of Columbia have adopted frameworks that authorize, regulate
and tax the cultivation, processing, sale and use of cannabis for medicinal and/or non-medicinal use, including legalization of hemp and
CBD, while the U.S. Controlled Substances Act and the laws of U.S. states prohibit growing cannabis. Demand for our products could be
impacted by changes in the regulatory environment with respect to such industries and segments. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the fiscal years ended June, 2023 and
2022 

The following table presents
certain consolidated statement of operations information and presentation of that data as a percentage of change from period to period. 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 Variance 
 
 Revenues 
 88,902,048 
 79,418,473 
 11.94 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 54,104,587 
 46,218,580 
 17.06 
 
 Gross profit 
 34,797,461 
 33,199,893 
 4.81 
 
 Operating expenses 
 48,281,004 
 30,887,856 
 56.31 
 
 (Loss) Income from operations 
 (13,483,543 
 2,312,037 
 (683.19 
 
 Other (expenses) 
 (1,184,030 
 (248,419 
 376.63 
 
 (Loss) Income before income taxes 
 (14,667,573 
 2,063,618 
 (810.77 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expenses 
 (2,690,500 
 558,975 
 (581.33 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (11,977,073 
 1,504,643 
 (896.01 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 (11,683 
 (13,232 
 (11.70 
 
 Net (loss) income attributable to iPower Inc. 
 (11,965,390 
 1,517,875 
 (888.30 
 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 (67,812 
 5,678 
 (1294.27 
 
 Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to iPower Inc. 
 (12,033,202 
 1,523,553 
 (889.81 

Gross profit of revenues 
 39.14 
 41.80 

Operating (loss) income of revenues 
 (15.17 
 2.91 

Net (loss) income attributable to iPower Inc. of revenues 
 (13.46 
 1.91 

33 

Revenues 

Revenues for the year ended
June 30, 2023 increased 11.94 to 88,902,048 as compared to 79,418,473 for the year ended June 30, 2022. While pricing remained stable,
the increased revenue mainly resulted from an increase in sales volume and expansion of sales to other regions, such as Canada, Europe
and Asia. However, while the revenues for the current year ended June 30, 2023 improved over last year, we cannot be assured that this
trend will continue. 

Costs of Goods Sold 

Costs of goods sold for the
year ended June 30, 2023 increased 17.06 to 54,104,587 as compared to 46,218,580 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase was
due to an increase in sales, as discussed above. In addition, we experienced an increase in costs of goods sold as a percentage of revenue
as a result of the increased freight charges capitalized in the inventories sold during the year ended June 30, 2023. We have seen decreasing
freight charges since September 2022; however, we can provide no assurance that this trend will continue. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit was 34,797,461
for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 33,199,893 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The gross profit ratio decreased to 39.14 
for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 41.80 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease in gross profit ratio was mainly driven by
an increase in costs of goods sold during the year ended June 30, 2023, as discussed above. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the
year ended June 30, 2023 increased 56.31 to 48,281,004 as compared to 30,887,856 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase was
mainly due to the combination of an increase in selling and fulfillment expenses of 13.2 million as a result of increased advertising,
merchant fees, delivery fees, rental expenses, storage costs and fulfillment workforce, general and administrative expenses of 1.08 million,
which included payroll expenses, stock-based compensation expense, insurance expenses, legal fees related to the Boustead case, and other
operating expenses including expenses associated with being a publicly traded company, and 3.06 million of impairment loss on goodwill
triggered by a decrease in the Company s share price of its common stock and the net loss incurred during the quarter ended September
30, 2022. 

(Loss) Income from Operations 

(Loss) income from operations
was 13,483,543) for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 2,312,037 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease was due to
the increase in operating expenses was greater than the increase in gross profit as discussed above. 

Other (Expense) 

Other (expenses) consist of
interest expense, financing fees and other non-operating income (expenses). Other expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 1,184,030
as compared to 248,419 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in other expenses was mainly due to a combined result of decrease
in other non-operating income of 404,115, and an increase in interest, including amortization of debt discount, on the revolving loan
of 608,121 during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

34 

Net (Loss) Income Attributable to iPower
Inc. 

Net (loss) attributable to
iPower Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 11,965,390) as compared to net income of 1,517,875 for the year ended June 30, 2022,
representing a decrease of 13,483,265. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit and an increase in operating expenses
as discussed above. 

Comprehensive (loss) Income Attributable
to iPower Inc. 

Comprehensive (loss) attributable
to iPower Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 12,033,202) as compared to comprehensive income of 1,523,553 for the year ended
June 30, 2022, representing a decrease of 13,556,755. The decrease was due to the reasons discussed above, along with other comprehensive
loss of (67,812) as a result of foreign currency translation adjustments resulting from the translation of RMB, the functional currency
of our VIE in the PRC, to USD, the reporting currency of the Company. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Sources of Liquidity 

During the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023 we primarily funded our operations with cash and cash equivalents generated from operations, as well as through borrowing
under our credit facility from JPMorgan Chase Bank JPM ). We had cash and cash equivalents of 3,735,642 as of June 30,
2023, representing a 1,913,695 increase from 1,821,947 in cash as of June 30, 2022. The cash increase was primarily the result of the
increase in net cash provided by operating activities, including decreased inventory and accounts receivable and increased accounts payable. 

Based on our current operating
plan, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to finance our operations
during the next 12 months. However, our liquidity and our ability to meet our obligations and fund our capital requirements are dependent
on our future financial performance, which is subject to general economic, financial and other factors that are beyond our control, such
as rising inflation and potential recession, and our anticipated funding requirements could increase. See the Risk Factors 
section in this report. 

Our cash requirements consist
primarily of day-to-day operating expenses and obligations with respect to warehouse leases. We lease all our office and warehouse facilities.
We expect to make future payments on existing leases from cash generated from operations. We have credit terms in place with our major
suppliers, however as we bring on new suppliers, we are often required to prepay our inventory purchases from them. This is consistent
with our historical operating model which allowed us to operate using only cash generated by the business. Beyond the next 12 months we
believe that our cash flow from operations should improve as supply chains begin to return to normal and new suppliers we are bringing
online transition to credit terms more favorable to us. In addition, we plan to increase the size of our in-house product catalog, which
will have a net beneficial impact to our margin profile and ability to generate cash. Currently, we have approximately 18.0 million in
unused credit under the revolving line with JPM. Given our current working capital position and available funding from our revolving credit
line, we believe we will be able to manage through the current challenges by managing payment terms with customers and vendors. 

Working Capital 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022,
our working capital was 17.9 million and 32.3 million, respectively. The historical seasonality in our business during the year can
cause cash and cash equivalents, inventory and accounts payable to fluctuate, resulting in changes in our working capital. We anticipate
that past historical trends to remain in place through the balance of the fiscal year with working capital remaining near this level for
the foreseeable future. 

35 

Cash Flows 

Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by (used
in) operating activities for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was 9,211,269 and 16,603,005), respectively. The increase in cash
provided by operating activities mainly resulted from decreased accounts receivable, inventories, prepayments and other current assets
and increased accounts payable. 

Investing Activities 

For the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 140,813 and 139,386, respectively. The increase in cash used in investing activities
was because the Company made additional purchase of equipment during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash (used in) provided
by financing activities was 7,153,620) and 11,911,916, respectively, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The main reason the
Company experienced a decrease in net cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to our payment of 11.9 million for: (1)
 1.5 million to pay off investment payable; (2) 1.8 million to pay down note payable; and (3) 8.6 million to pay down the outstanding
balance of the asset-based revolving loan facility with JPM. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements (as that term is defined in Item 303 of Regulation S-K) that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material
effect on our financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

We prepare our consolidated
financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP and pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the Securities Exchange Commission SEC ). The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In some cases, changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably
likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. To the extent that there
are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition and results of operations will be affected.
We base our estimates on experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these
estimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies, which we discuss further
below. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements,
we believe that the following accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates in the preparation
of our audited consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue
from product sales revenues, net of promotional discounts and return allowances, when the following revenue recognition criteria are met:
a contract has been identified, separate performance obligations are identified, the transaction price is determined, the transaction
price is allocated to separate performance obligations and revenue is recognized upon satisfying each performance obligation. The Company
transfers the risk of loss or damage upon shipment, therefore, revenue from product sales is recognized when it is shipped to the customer.
Return allowances, which reduce product revenue by the Company s best estimate of expected product returns, are estimated using
historical experience. 

The Company evaluates the
criteria of ASC 606 - Revenue Recognition Principal Agent Considerations in determining whether it is appropriate to record the gross
amount of product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. Generally, when the Company is primarily responsible
for fulfilling the promise to provide a specified good or service, the Company is subject to inventory risk before the good or service
has been transferred to a customer and the Company has discretion in establishing the price, revenue is recorded at gross. 

36 

Payments received prior to the delivery of goods
to customers are recorded as customer deposits. 

The Company periodically provides
incentive offers to its customers to encourage purchases. Such offers include current discount offers, such as percentage discounts
off current purchases and other similar offers. Current discount offers, when accepted by the Company s customers, are treated as
a reduction to the purchase price of the related transaction. 

Sales discounts are recorded
in the period in which the related sale is recognized. Sales return allowances are estimated based on historical amounts and are recorded
upon recognizing the related sales. Shipping and handling costs are recorded as selling expenses. 

Inventory, net 

Inventory consists of finished
goods ready for sale and is stated at the lower of cost or market. The Company values its inventory using the weighted average costing
method. The Company s policy is to include as a part of inventory and cost of goods sold any freight incurred to ship the product
from its vendors to warehouses. Outbound freight costs related to shipping costs to customers are considered period costs and reflected
in selling and fulfillment expenses. The Company regularly review inventory and consider forecasts of future demand, market conditions
and product obsolescence. 

If the estimated realizable
value of the inventory is less than cost, the Company makes provisions in order to reduce its carrying value to its estimated market value.
The Company also reviews inventory for slow moving and obsolescence and records allowance for obsolescence. 

Variable interest entities 

On
February 15, 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the ordinary shares of Anivia and its subsidiaries, including Daheshou (Shenzhen) Information
Technology Co., Ltd., a company organized under the Laws of the PRC DHS ). Pursuant to the terms of the agreements, the
Company does not have direct ownership in DHS but is actively involved in DHS s operations as the sole manager to direct the activities
and significantly impact DHS s economic performance. DHS s operational funding is provided by the Company after February 15,
2022. During the term of the agreements, which run for a term of 10 years from February 2022 to February 2032, the Company bears all the
risk of loss and has the right to receive all of the benefits from DHS. As such, based on the determination that the Company is the primary
beneficiary of DHS, in accordance with ASC 810-10-25-38A through 25-38J, DHS is considered a variable interest entity VIE of the Company and the financial statements of DHS have been consolidated from the date such control existed, February 15, 2022. See Note
4 and Note 5 for details on acquisition. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the excess
of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company accounts for goodwill under ASC Topic
350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other . 

Goodwill is not amortized
but is reviewed for potential impairment on an annual basis, or if events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment, at the reporting
unit level. The Company s review for impairment includes an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely
than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, including goodwill. If it is determined that it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, including goodwill, a quantitative goodwill impairment
test is performed, which compares the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amounts, including goodwill. If the fair value
of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired. However, if the carrying
amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited
to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The Company engaged an independent third-party valuation firm in August
2022 to conduct an evaluation of goodwill impairment for the Company as a whole at the consolidated reporting unit level as of June 30,
2022, which evaluation was conducted prior to the Company s filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30,
2022. Due to the decrease in the Company s share price subsequent to the filing of the June 30, 2022 Form 10-K and the net loss
incurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company engaged the same valuation firm to review goodwill for impairment. Based
on this review, the Company concluded an impairment loss of 3,060,034 as of September 30, 2022 was required. The impairment amount was
determined based on the discounted cash flows with the revised projections reflecting the increase in freight and storage costs in the
current interim quarter. The Company also considered the Market Capital Method, which is an alternative market approach, suggested the
Company s goodwill is partially impaired. 

Subsequent to the quarter
ended September 30, 2022, during the period ended June 30, 2023, the Company performed a qualitative and quantitative goodwill impairment
analysis following the steps laid out in ASC 350-20-35-3C and noted no goodwill impairment. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the goodwill
balance amounted to 3,034,110 and 6,094,144, respectively. 

37 

Intangible Assets, net 

Finite
life intangible assets at June 30, 2023 include a covenant not to compete, supplier relationship and software recognized as part of the
acquisition of Anivia. Intangible assets are recorded at the estimated fair value of these items at the date of acquisition, February
15, 2022. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life as followings: 

Useful Life 
 
 Covenant Not to Compete 
 10 years 
 
 Supplier relationship 
 6 years 
 
 Software 
 5 years 

The Company reviews the recoverability
of long-lived assets, including intangible assets, when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate the carrying value of the
asset may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based on the ability to recover the carrying value of the asset
from the expected future pretax cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) of the related operations. If these cash flows
are less than the carrying value of such asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between estimated fair value and carrying
value. The measurement of impairment requires management to make estimates of these cash flows related to long-lived assets, as well as
other fair value determinations. As of June 30, 2023, there were no indicators of impairment. 

Stock-based Compensation 

The
Company applies ASC No. 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation, which requires that share-based payment transactions with
employees and nonemployees upon adoption of ASU 2018-07, be measured based on the grant date fair value of the equity instrument and recognized
as compensation expense over the requisite service period, with a corresponding addition to equity. Under this method, compensation cost
related to employee share options or similar equity instruments is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and
is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, which generally is the
vesting period. In addition to the requisite service period, the Company also evaluates the performance condition and market condition
under ASC 718-10-20. For an award that contains both a performance and a market condition, and where both conditions must be satisfied
in order for the award to vest, the market condition is incorporated into the fair value of the award, and that fair value is recognized
over the employee s requisite service period or nonemployee s vesting period if it is probable that the performance condition
will be met. If the performance condition is ultimately not met, compensation cost related to the award should not be recognized (or should
be reversed) because the vesting condition in the award has not been satisfied. 

The Company will recognize
forfeitures of such equity-based compensation as they occur. 

Income taxes 

The Company accounts for income
taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their perspective tax bases. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. As of June 30, 2023, the Company expected that the deferred tax assets are fully realizable so
did not record any valuation allowance. 

38 

As a result of the implementation
of certain provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), which clarifies the accounting and disclosure for uncertainty
in tax position, as defined, ASC 740 seeks to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain aspects of the recognition and
measurement related to accounting for income taxes. The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC 740 since its inception on April 11,
2018, and has subsequently analyzed filing positions in each of the federal and state jurisdictions where the Company is required to file
income tax returns, as well as open tax years in such jurisdictions. The Company has identified the U.S. federal jurisdiction and the
states of Nevada and California as its major tax jurisdictions. However, the Company has certain tax attribute carryforwards
which will remain subject to review and adjustment by the relevant tax authorities until the statute of limitations closes with respect
to the year in which such attributes are utilized. 

The Company believes that
our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a
material change to its financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded pursuant to ASC
740. The Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with income-based tax audits is to record such items as
a component of income taxes. 

Recently issued accounting pronouncements 

In September 2022, FASB
issued ASU 2022-04, Liabilities Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50): Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations.
The amendments in this ASU require that a company that uses a supplier finance program in connection with the purchase of goods or services
disclose sufficient information about the program to allow a user of financial statements to understand the program s nature, activity
during the period, changes from period to period, and potential magnitude. ASU 2022-04 is effective for fiscal years, including interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022, except for the rollforward of the supplier finance program obligations,
which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted. An entity should apply ASU No. 2022-04
retrospectively to all periods in which a balance sheet is presented, except for the obligation rollforward, which should be applied prospectively.
The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2022, FASB issued ASU
2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. The
amendments in this ASU clarify the guidance in ASC 820 on the fair value measurement of an equity security that is subject to a contractual
sale restriction and require specific disclosures related to such an equity security. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2024. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In October 2021, the FASB
issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers.
This ASU clarifies that an acquirer of a business should recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business
combination in accordance with ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) as if the entity had originated the
contracts. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early application permitted. The Company
does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2020 and January
2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial
Reporting and ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope, respectively (collectively, Topic 848 ). Topic
848 provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference
the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate
reform. The expedients and exceptions provided by Topic 848 are effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31,
2022. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848, which
deferred the sunset date of Topic 848, Reference Rate Reform to December 31, 2024, after which entities will no longer be permitted to
apply the relief in Topic 848. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated
financial statements. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued
ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). This ASU reduces the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments
and convertible preferred stock, as well as amend the guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity s
own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. In addition, this ASU improves and amends the related EPS guidance.
This standard is effective for the Company on July 1, 2024, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Adoption is either a
modified retrospective method or a fully retrospective method of transition. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard
to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

39 

In January 2020, the FASB
issued ASU 2020-01, Investments - Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323), and
Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) - Clarifying the Interactions between Topic 321, Topic 323, and Topic 815. This ASU among other
things clarifies that a company should consider observable transactions that require a company to either apply or discontinue the equity
method of accounting under Topic 323, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures, for the purposes of applying the measurement
alternative in accordance with Topic 321 immediately before applying or upon discontinuing the equity method. The new ASU clarifies that,
when determining the accounting for certain forward contracts and purchased options a company should not consider, whether upon settlement
or exercise, if the underlying securities would be accounted for under the equity method or fair value option. ASU 2020-01 is effective
for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2021. An entity
should apply ASU 2020-01 prospectively at the beginning of the interim period that includes the adoption date. The Company adopted ASU
2020-01 on July 1, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2020-01 did not have material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

In December 2019, the FASB
issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The update is intended to simplify the
current rules regarding the accounting for income taxes and addresses several technical topics including accounting for franchise taxes,
allocating income taxes between a loss in continuing operations and in other categories such as discontinued operations, reporting income
taxes for legal entities that are not subject to income taxes, and interim accounting for enacted changes in tax laws. The new standard
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2022; however, early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 on July 1, 2022. The adoption of this standard did not have
material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2017, the FASB
issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which
eliminates step two from the goodwill impairment test. Under ASU 2017-04, an entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount
by which the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value up to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
ASU 2017-04 became effective for accelerated filing companies for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. All other entities, including not-for-profit entities, that are adopting the amendments
in this Update should do so for their annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022.
Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The
Company has adopted ASU 2017-04. See disclosures above on Goodwill for further details. 

The Company does not believe
other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the consolidated
financial position, statements of operations and cash flows. 

Recent Financings 

Asset-based revolving loan 

On November 12, 2021, the
Company entered into a Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPM ), as administrative agent, issuing bank and
swingline lender, for an asset-based revolving loan ABL of up to 25 million with key terms listed as follows: 

Borrowing base equal to the sum of 

Up to 90 of eligible credit card receivables 

Up to 85 of eligible trade accounts receivable 

Up to the lesser of (i) 65 of cost of eligible inventory or (ii) 85 of net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory 

Interest rates of between LIBOR plus 2 and LIBOR plus 2.25 depending on utilization 

Undrawn fee of between 0.25 and 0.375 depending on utilization 

Maturity Date of November 12, 2024 

40 

In addition, the ABL includes
an accordion feature that allows the Company to borrow up to an additional 25 million. To secure complete payment and performance of
the secured obligations, the Company granted a security interest in all of its right, title and interest in, to and under all of the Company s
assets as collateral to the ABL. Upon closing of the ABL, the Company paid 796,035 financing fees including 2 of 25.0 million or 500,000
paid to its financial advisor. The financing fees are recorded as debt discount and to be amortized over three years as financing expenses,
the term of the ABL. 

Below is a summary of the
interest expense recorded for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Accrued interest 
 670,924 
 159,256 
 
 Credit utilization fees 
 43,931 
 23,287 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 265,218 
 176,812 
 
 Total 
 980,073 
 359,355 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022,
the outstanding amount of the JPM revolving loan payable, net of debt discount and including interest, was 9,791,191 and 12,314,627,
respectively. 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment to the credit agreement and consent (the Second Amendment to the
Credit Agreement ), originally dated November 12, 2021, as amended, with JPM, as administrative agent and lender. The Company entered
into the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement primarily for the purpose of changing the interest rate repayment calculations from
LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, which adjustment had originally been anticipated under the terms of the original
Credit Agreement. In addition, two of the negative covenants set forth in the original credit agreement were amended in order to (i)
adjust the definition of Covenant Testing Trigger Period to increase the required cash availability from 3,000,000 to
 4,000,000, or 10 of the aggregate revolving commitment for the preceding 30 days, and (ii) require that the Company will not and will
not permit any of its subsidiaries, after reasonable due diligence and due inquiry, to knowingly sell their products, inventory or services
directly to any commercial businesses that grow or cultivate cannabis; it being acknowledged, however, that the Company does not generally
conduct due diligence on its individual retail customers. 

On November 11, 2022, the Company and JPM entered into a default waiver and
consent agreement (the Waiver Letter pursuant to which the parties recognized that the Company was in default on its failure
to satisfy the minimum Excess Availability requirement of 7,500,000, as defined in the Credit Agreement, and deliver a certificate to
JPM accurately reflecting the Excess Availability (together, the Existing Defaults ). Under the terms of the Waiver Letter,
JPM agreed to waive the right to enforce an event of default based on the aforementioned Existing Defaults. As of June 30, 2023, the
Company was in compliance with the ABL covenants. 

Promissory note payable 

On February 15, 2022, as part
of the consideration for the acquisition of Anivia, the Company issued a two-year unsecured 6 subordinated promissory note, payable in
equal semi-annual installments commencing August 15, 2022 (the Purchase Note ). The principal amount of the Purchase Note
was 3.5 million with a fair value of 3.6 million as of February 15, 2022. In October 2022, the Company paid the first installment of
 875,000, and in February 2023, the Company paid the second installment of 875,000. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded
accrued interest of 157,500 and amortization of note premium of 50,418. As of June 30, 2023, including 236,250 of accrued interest
and 31,602 of unamortized premium, the total outstanding balance of the Purchase Note was 2,017,852, which is presented on the consolidated
balance sheet as a current portion of 2,017,852 and a non-current portion of 0. For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recorded
accrued interest of 78,750 and amortization of note premium of 18,609. As of June 30, 2022, including 78,750 of accrued interest and
 82,020 of unamortized premium, the total outstanding balance of the Purchase Note was 3,660,770, which was presented on the consolidated
balance sheet as a current portion of 1,879,065 and a non-current portion of 1,781,705. 

41 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Accordingly, certain specified reporting and other regulatory requirements for public
companies are reduced for businesses that meet the qualifications for emerging growth companies. 

These provisions include: 

(1) 
 an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

(2) 
 an exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies; 

(3) 
 an exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB, requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about our audit and our financial statements; and 

(4) 
 reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting
company, this item is not required. 

42 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

43 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of iPower, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of iPower,
Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations
and other comprehensive (loss) income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended June 30, 2023 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

September 14, 2023 

F- 1 

iPower Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As of June 30, 2023 and
2022 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalent 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Other receivable - related party 

Prepayments and other current assets, net 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Right of use - non-current 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Non-current prepayments 

Goodwill 

Investment in joint venture 

Intangible assets, net 

Other non-current assets 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Credit cards payable 

Customer deposit 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Advance from shareholders 

Investment payable 

Lease liability - current 

Long-term promissory note payable - current portion 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Long-term revolving loan payable, net 

Long-term promissory note payable, net 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Lease liability - non-current 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingency 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at
 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and
 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Additional paid in capital 

(Accumulated deficits) Retained earnings 

Non-controlling interest 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

iPower Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

REVENUES 

TOTAL REVENUES 

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling and fulfillment 

General and administrative 

Impairment loss - goodwill 

Total operating expenses 

(LOSS) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expenses 

Other financing expenses 

Loss on equity method investment 

Other non-operating income 

Total other expenses, net 

(LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX (BENEFIT) EXPENSE 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

Non-controlling interest 

NET (LOSS) INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO iPOWER INC. 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO iPOWER
 INC. 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON STOCK 

Basic 

Diluted 

(LOSSES) EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

iPower Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated 
 Non-controlling 
 Accumulated other Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 interest 
 income (loss) 
 Total 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2022 

Net loss 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted shares issued for vested RSUs 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

Net income 

Non-controlling interest 

Restricted shares issued for vested RSUs 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued for acquisition 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

iPower Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Inventory reserve 

Credit loss reserve for accounts receivable and other receivables 

Loss on equity method investment 

Impairment loss - goodwill 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

Amortization of debt premium / discount and non-cash financing costs 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Deferred tax assets/liabilities 

Prepayments and other current assets 

Non-current prepayments 

Other non-current assets 

Accounts payable 

Credit cards payable 

Customer deposit 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of equipment 

Cash acquired on acquisition 

Investment in joint venture 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from related parties 

Payments to related parties 

Proceeds from short-term loans 

Payments of financing fees 

Payment on investment payable 

Payments on short-term loans 

Proceeds from long-term loans 

Payments on long-term loans 

Net cash (used in provided by financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH 

CHANGES IN CASH 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT, beginning of period 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income tax 

Cash paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS: 

Shares issued for acquisition 

Promissory note issued for acquisition 

Investment payable for acquisition 

Goodwill acquired in business acquisition 

Identifiable intangible assets acquired in business acquisition 

Net assets acquired in business acquisition 

Right of use assets acquired under new operating leases 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

iPower Inc. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 and for the Years
Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

RMB to 1.00. The equity accounts were stated at their historical rates.
The average translation rates applied to statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) accounts for the year ended June 30,
2023 was RMB to 1.00. Cash flows were also translated at average translation rates for the period and, therefore, amounts reported
on the statement of cash flows would not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Accounts receivable are recognized and carried
at carrying amount less an allowance for credit losses, if any. The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses resulting from the
inability of its customers to make required payments based on contractual terms. The Company reviews the collectability of its receivables
on a regular and ongoing basis. The Company has also included in calculation of allowance for credit losses the potential impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on our customers businesses and their ability to pay their accounts receivable. After all attempts to collect
a receivable have failed, the receivable is written off against the allowance. The Company also considers external factors to the specific
customer, including current conditions and forecasts of economic conditions, including the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In the event we recover amounts previously written off, we will reduce the specific allowance for credit losses. 

owned joint venture, following the equity method of accounting, in accordance with ASC 323, Investments 
Equity Method and Joint Ventures. Under this method, the carrying cost is initially recorded at cost and then increased or decreased by
recording its percentage of gain or loss in Box Harmony s statement of operations and a corresponding charge or credit to the carrying
value of the asset. 

and
 , respectively. 

years 
 
 Supplier relationship 
 years 
 
 Software 
 years 

The Company reviews the recoverability of long-lived
assets, including the intangible assets, when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate the carrying value of the asset may
not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based on the ability to recover the carrying value of the asset from the
expected future pretax cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) of the related operations. If these cash flows are less
than the carrying value of such asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between estimated fair value and carrying value.
The measurement of impairment requires management to make estimates of these cash flows related to long-lived assets, as well as other
fair value determinations. As of June 30, 2023, there were no indicators of impairment. 

million . On February
15, 2022, the Company evaluated the fair value of the Purchase Note to be million using the following inputs: 

Risk-free rate 

Liquidity premium 

Discount rate 

As of June 30, 2023,
the outstanding principal balance of the Purchase Note was , including a premium of and of accrued interest. 

For other financial instruments to be reported
at fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs to the extent possible. The Company determines the fair value of its financial instruments based on assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions
in fair value measurements, the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized
in one of the following levels: 

Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted, quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date; 

Level 2 Inputs are observable, unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities
in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are significant
to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities that are supported by little or no market data. 

The Company does not have any assets or liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis. We measure certain non-financial assets on a non-recurring basis, including goodwill. As
a result of those measurements, we recognized an impairment charge of 3.1 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 as follows: 

Total 

Goodwill, with a total carrying value of 
million , was written down to its fair value of 3.0 million, resulting in an impairment charge of , which was recorded in earnings
for the year ended June 30, 2023. The fair value of goodwill was determined based on the discounted cash flow method, which is an income
approach, which required the use of inputs that were unobservable in the marketplace (Level 3), including a discount rate that would be
used by a market participant, projections of revenues and cash flows with the revised projections reflecting the increase in freight and
storage costs in the current interim quarter, among others. 

and , respectively. 

and of the Company s total sales. Sales of hydroponic products, including ventilation and grow light systems, was approximately
 
of the Company s total sales and the remaining 
consisted of general gardening, home goods, and other products and accessories. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had approximately 
million of inventory stored in China. The Company s majority of long-lived assets are located in California, United States,
majority of the deferred tax assets are US related, and a majority of the Company s revenues are derived from within the United
States. 

t
record any valuation allowance. 

The Company has analyzed filing positions in each
of the federal and state jurisdictions where the Company is required to file income tax returns, as well as open tax years in such jurisdictions.
The Company has identified the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and the states of Nevada and California, as its major tax jurisdictions.
However, the Company has certain tax attribute carryforwards which will remain subject to review and adjustment by the relevant tax authorities
until the statute of limitations closes with respect to the year in which such attributes are utilized. 

The Company believes that our income tax filing
positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material change to its
financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded pursuant to ASC 740, Income Taxes. The
Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with income-based tax audits is to record such items as a component
of income taxes. 

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08,
Business Combinations (Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. This ASU clarifies
that an acquirer of a business should recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business combination in accordance
with ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) as if the entity had originated the contracts. The guidance is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early application permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption
of this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2020 and January 2021, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting and ASU
No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope, respectively (collectively, Topic 848 ). Topic 848 provides optional
expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference the London Interbank
Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The expedients
and exceptions provided by Topic 848 are effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. In December 2022,
the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848, which deferred the sunset date
of Topic 848, Reference Rate Reform to December 31, 2024, after which entities will no longer be permitted to apply the relief in Topic
848. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40). This ASU reduces the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred
stock, as well as amend the guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based
accounting conclusions. In addition, this ASU improves and amends the related EPS guidance. This standard is effective for the Company
on July 1, 2024, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Adoption is either a modified retrospective method or a fully retrospective
method of transition. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-01,
 Investments - Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323), and Derivatives and Hedging
(Topic 815) - Clarifying the Interactions between Topic 321, Topic 323, and Topic 815. This ASU among other things clarifies that
a company should consider observable transactions that require a company to either apply or discontinue the equity method of accounting
under Topic 323, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures, for the purposes of applying the measurement alternative in accordance
with Topic 321 immediately before applying or upon discontinuing the equity method. The new ASU clarifies that, when determining the accounting
for certain forward contracts and purchased options a company should not consider, whether upon settlement or exercise, if the underlying
securities would be accounted for under the equity method or fair value option. ASU 2020-01 is effective for public business entities
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2021. An entity should apply ASU 2020-01
prospectively at the beginning of the interim period that includes the adoption date. The Company adopted ASU 2020-01 on July 1, 2022.
The adoption of ASU 2020-01 did not have material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12,
Income Taxes (Topic 740) Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The update is intended to simplify the current rules regarding
the accounting for income taxes and addresses several technical topics including accounting for franchise taxes, allocating income taxes
between a loss in continuing operations and in other categories such as discontinued operations, reporting income taxes for legal entities
that are not subject to income taxes, and interim accounting for enacted changes in tax laws. The new standard is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022; however, early adoption
is permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 on July 1, 2022. The adoption of this standard did not have material impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04,
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which eliminates step two
from the goodwill impairment test. Under ASU 2017-04, an entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying
amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value up to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 became
effective for accelerated filing companies for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2019. All other entities, including not-for-profit entities, that are adopting the amendments in this Update should do so for their
annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for interim
or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company has adopted ASU 2017-04. See the
disclosures above on Goodwill for further details. 

The Company does not believe other recently issued
but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the consolidated financial position,
statements of operations and cash flows. 

of the equity
interest in Box Harmony with significant influence but does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control of Box Harmony. The
Company accounts for its ownership interest in Box Harmony following the equity method of accounting, in accordance with ASC 323, Investments
 Equity Method and Joint Ventures. Under this method, the carrying cost is initially recorded at cost and then increased or decreased
by recording its percentage of gain or loss in its statement of operations and a corresponding charge or credit to the carrying value
of the asset. 

Global Social Media, LLC 

On February 10, 2022, the Company entered into
a joint venture agreement with Bro Angel, LLC, Ji Shin and Bing Luo (the GSM Joint Venture Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms
of the GSM Joint Venture Agreement, the parties formed a Nevada limited liability company, Global Social Media, LLC GSM ),
for the principal purpose of providing a social media platform, contents and services to assist businesses, including the Company and
other businesses, in marketing their products. 

Following entry into the GSM Joint Venture Agreement,
GSM issued 10,000 certificated units of membership interest (the GSM Equity Units ), of which the Company was issued 6,000
GSM Equity Units and Bro Angel was issued 4,000 GSM Equity Units. Messrs. Shin and Luo are the owners of 100 of the equity of Bro Angel.
The LLC Agreement prohibits the issuance of additional Equity Units and certain other actions unless approved in advance by Bro Angel,
creating a noncontrolling right that would not be substantive to overcome the majority voting interests held by the Company. 

As of the date of this
report, the members had not completed the capital contributions and no receivables were recorded. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Agreements, the Company
owns of the equity interest in GSM and control of GSM s operations. Based on ASU 2015-02, the Company consolidates GSM into
its financial statements due to its majority equity ownership and control over operations. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
the impact of GSM s activities were immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

, which was paid to White Cherry as follows: at closing, the Company (i) paid 
in the form of a two-year unsecured 6 subordinated promissory note, payable in equal semi-annual installments commencing August 15, 2022
(the Purchase Note ), (ii) issued restricted shares (subject to a lock-up period of 180 days and insider trading
rules) of the Company s common stock, and (iii) an additional in cash was to be paid after closing. 

JP Morgan Chase Bank,
the Company s senior secured lender JPM ), consented to the transaction. In conjunction with obtaining JPM s
consent, the Company delivered an amendment to the pledge and security agreement with JPM, pursuant to which the Company pledged to JPM
65 of the equity interest of Anivia Limited, Fly Elephant Limited and the WFOE. 

On October 7, 2022, in
conjunction with the Company s entry into the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Company s promissory note holder,
White Cherry Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands White Cherry ), entered
into an amendment (the Amendment to the subordination agreement, originally dated March 9, 2022 (the Subordination
Agreement ). The Amendment to the Subordination Agreement was amended solely for purposes of adjusting the definition of payment
conditions under Section 2 of the Subordination Agreement such that payment conditions shall be deemed satisfied in connection
with a permitted payment if (a) no event of default has occurred under the credit agreement and is continuing and (b) the Company shall
have Excess Availability in the 30 days prior to the payment (as defined in the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement) of no less than
 7,500,000. 

In addition, in conjunction
with the closing of the transaction, the WFOE entered into an employment agreement with Li Zanyu, dated February 15, 2022 (the Employment
Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Li has been appointed to serve as general manager of the WFOE for a term of 10 years (through
February 14, 2032), with annual base compensation of up to 500,000 RMB plus bonus as may be determined by the WFOE from time to time,
in its sole discretion, based on Mr. Li s performance. During such employment, Mr. Li may not engage in other employment without
the consent of the WFOE. 

The acquisition of Anivia
was accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805. As the acquirer for accounting purposes, the Company has estimated the fair
value of Anivia and its subsidiaries assets acquired and conformed the accounting policies of Anivia to its own accounting policies.
The Company applied the income approach and cost approach in determining the fair value of the intangible assets, which intangible assets
consisted of a covenant not to compete, supplier relationship and software. The fair value of the remaining assets acquired and liabilities
assumed were not significantly different from their carrying values at the acquisition date. In addition, pursuant to the Transfer Agreement,
the Sellers made certain representations and warranties, including that other than the items presented on the balance sheet on February
15, 2022, DHS, the operating VIE, was not subject to any loans, debts, liabilities, guarantees or other contingent liabilities at the
Closing date. In the event of any breach of any of the representations and warranties, the sellers shall bear joint and several liability
for any direct or indirect losses suffered by the Company as a result thereof. The Company recognized an approximately million of
goodwill in the transaction, which is primarily due to the subsumed assembled workforce intangible assets. Goodwill is not deductible
for income tax purposes. The Company expensed with the acquisition, certain legal and accounting costs of , as general and administration
expenses and paid to JPM as financing fees. 

The following information
summarizes the purchase consideration and allocation of the fair values assigned to the assets at the purchase date, February 15, 2022: 

Promissory note issued 

Common stock issued 

Total purchase consideration 

Purchase Price Allocation: 

Covenant not to compete 

Supplier relationship 

Software 

Current assets 

Property and equipment 

Rent deposit 

ROU asset 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Lease liability 

Total purchase consideration 

In October
2022, the 1.5 million cash portion of the consideration, which was presented as investment payable, was fully paid off. 

The results of operations
of Anivia since February 16, 2022 have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

Pro Forma Financial Information 

The following pro forma
information presents a summary of the Company s combined operating results for the year ended June 30, 2022 for comparative purposes,
as if the acquisition had occurred on July 1, 2021. The following pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the
Company s operating results as they would have been had the acquisition been effected on the assumed date, nor is it necessarily
an indication of trends in future results for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, differences between the assumptions
used to prepare the pro forma information, basic shares outstanding and dilutive equivalents, cost savings from operating efficiencies,
potential synergies, and the impact of incremental costs incurred in integrating the businesses. 

Income from Operations 

Basic and diluted income per share 

Prepayments and other receivables 

Rent deposit 

Office equipment, net 

Right of use noncurrent 

Deferred tax assets 

Advance from shareholders 

Accounts payable 

Lease liability 

Income tax payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

The operating results of the VIE were as follows
for the year ended June 30, 2023: 

Net loss after elimination of intercompany transactions 

The operating results of the VIE were as follows for the period from
February 15, 2022 to June 30, 2022: 

June 30, 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Net loss after elimination of intercompany transactions 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, the VIE contributed approximately
 .0
million of revenue and 
million of net loss before elimination. For the period from February 16, 2022 to June 30, 2022, the VIE contributed approximately
 million of revenue and million of net income before elimination. 

Less: allowance for credit losses 

Total accounts receivable 

The changes in allowance for credit losses on
accounts receivable are summarized below: 

and , respectively. 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded inventory
reserve expense of and ,
respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, allowance for obsolescence was 
 and , respectively. 

Prepaid income taxes 

Prepaid expenses and other receivables 

Less: Allowance for credit losses 

() 

Total 

Other receivables consisted of delivery fees of
 and and receivables from one and two unrelated parties for their use of the Company s courier accounts at June
30, 2023 and 2022. 

The changes in allowance for credit losses on
other receivables are summarized below: 

for
product sourcing, marketing research and promotion, and other management advisory and consulting services to companies owned by an employee
and minority shareholder and by relatives of a minority shareholder of the Company. The terms of these services are from two years to
five years. In addition, there was a down payment on a four-year car lease. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, total non-current prepayments
were and , respectively. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded amortization expenses of 
and , respectively. 

Supplier relationships 

Software 

Accumulated amortization 

Total 

The intangible assets were acquired on
February 15, 2022 through acquisition of Anivia. The weighted average remaining life for finite-lived intangible assets at June 30, 2023
was approximately 
 years. The amortization expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was 
 and , respectively.
At June 30, 2023, finite-lived intangible assets are expected to be amortized over their estimated useful lives, which ranges from a
period of five to 10 years, and the estimated remaining amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years thereafter is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Intangible assets, net 

Accrued Amazon fees 

Sales taxes payable 

Payroll liabilities 

Other accrued liabilities and payables 

Total 

The Company s controlled VIE, DHS, facilitates
the Company in the process of inventory procurement. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company purchased a total of 
and , respectively, in inventories from a supplier which had a payment term of 90 days with a 2 premium on the purchase price.
As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the outstanding balance included in other payables to this supplier was and , which was presented as financing cash flows from short term loans on
the statement of cash flows. 

and , respectively. 

Long-term loan 

SBA loan payable 

On April 18, 2020, the Company entered into an
agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA for a loan of 500,000 under Section 7(b) of the Small Business
Act pursuant to which we issued a promissory note (the SBA Note to the SBA. The SBA Note bears interest at the rate of
3.75 per annum and matures 30 years from the date of the SBA Note. Monthly installment payments, including principal and interest, will
begin twelve months from the date of the SBA Note. During the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the Company paid off the SBA Note, including
accrued interest expense of . As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the outstanding balance of the SBA Note was and , respectively. 

Asset-based revolving loan 

On November 12, 2021, the Company entered to a
Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, issuing bank and swingline lender, for an asset-based revolving
loan ABL of up to 25 million with key terms listed as follows: 

Borrowing base equal to the sum of 

Up to 90 of eligible credit card receivables 

Up to 85 of eligible trade accounts receivable 

Up to the lesser of (i) 65 of cost of eligible inventory or (ii) 85 of net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory 

Interest rates of between LIBOR plus 2 and LIBOR plus 2.25 depending on utilization 

Undrawn fee of between 0.25 and 0.375 depending on utilization 

Maturity Date of 

In addition, the ABL includes an accordion feature
that allows the Company to borrow up to an additional 25.0 million. To secure complete payment and performance of the secured obligations,
the Company granted a security interest in all of its right, title and interest in, to and under all of the Company s assets as
collateral to the ABL. Upon closing of the ABL, the Company paid financing fees including 2 of 25.0 million or 500,000 paid
to its financial advisor. The financing fees are recorded as debt discount and to be amortized over three years as interest expenses,
the term of the ABL. 

Below is a summary of the interest expense recorded
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Credit utilization fees 

Amortization of debt discount 

Total 

As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding amount of
the revolving loan payable, net of debt discount and including interest payable was 
and ,
respectively. 

On October 7, 2022, the
Company entered into a second amendment to the credit agreement and consent (the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement ),
originally dated November 12, 2021, as amended, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and lender JPMorgan ).
The Company entered into the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement primarily for the purpose of changing the interest rate repayment
calculations from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, which adjustment had originally been anticipated under the terms
of the original Credit Agreement. In addition, two of the negative covenants set forth in the original credit agreement were amended in
order to (i) adjust the definition of Covenant Testing Trigger Period to increase the required cash availability from 3,000,000
to 4,000,000, or 10 of the aggregate revolving commitment for the preceding 30 days, and (ii) require that the Company will not and
will not permit any of its subsidiaries, after reasonable due diligence and due inquiry, to knowingly sell their products, inventory or
services directly to any commercial businesses that grow or cultivate cannabis; it being acknowledged, however, that the Company does
not generally conduct due diligence on its individual retail customers. 

On November 11, 2022, the Company and JPMorgan entered into a default
waiver and consent agreement (the Waiver Letter pursuant to which the parties recognized that the Company was in default
on its failure to satisfy the minimum Excess Availability requirement of 7,500,000, as defined in the Credit Agreement, and deliver a
certificate to JPMorgan accurately reflecting the Excess Availability (together, the Existing Defaults ). Under the terms
of the Waiver Letter, JPMorgan agreed to waive the right to enforce an event of default based on the aforementioned Existing Defaults.
As of June 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with the ABL covenants. 

Promissory note payable 

On February 15, 2022, as part of the consideration
for acquisition of Anivia, the Company issued a two-year unsecured 6 subordinated promissory note, payable in equal semi-annual installments
commencing August 15, 2022 (the Purchase Note ). The principal amount of the Purchase Note was million with a fair value
of million as of February 15, 2022. In October 2022, the Company paid the first installment of . And in February 2023, the
Company paid the second installment of . For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded accrued interest of and
amortization of note premium of . As of June 30, 2023, including of accrued interest and of unamortized premium,
the total outstanding balance of the Purchase Note was , which is presented on the consolidated balance sheet as a current portion
of and a non-current portion of . For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recorded accrued interest of and
amortization of note premium of . As of June 30, 2022, including of accrued interest and of unamortized premium,
the total outstanding balance of the Purchase Note was , which was presented on the consolidated balance sheet as a current
portion of and a non-current portion of . 

and
 as other
non-operating income, respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, other receivables due from Box Harmony was 
and ,
respectively. 

On February 15, 2022, the Company assumed 
of advance from shareholders of DHS through acquisition of Anivia. This amount was for capital injection pending capital inspection by
the local government in accordance with the PRC rules. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the balance of advance from shareholders was 
and , respectively. 

of goodwill. Since the acquisition was a stock acquisition, the Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 

The income tax provision for the years ended June
30, 2023 and 2022 consisted of the following: 

State 

Foreign 

Total current income tax provision 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred taxes 

Total provision for income taxes 

The Company is subject to U.S. federal income
tax as well as state income tax in certain jurisdictions. The tax years 2018 to 2021 remain open to examination by the major taxing
jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. The following is a reconciliation of income tax expenses at the effective rate to income
tax at the calculated statutory rates: 

State (net of federal benefit) 

Foreign tax rate difference 

Impairment loss on goodwill permanent difference 

Net effect of state income tax deduction and other permanent differences 

Effective tax rate 

As of June 30, 2023, prepaid income taxes to US tax authorities and
income tax payable to Chinese tax authorities was and , respectively. As of June 30, 2022, prepaid income taxes to US
tax authorities and income tax payable to Chinese tax authorities was and , respectively. 

The tax effects of temporary differences which give rise to significant
portions of the deferred taxes are summarized as follows: 

Inventory reserve 

State taxes 

Accrued expenses 

ROU assets / liabilities 

Net Operation loss 

Disallowed interest expense 
 163,381 

Stock-based compensation 

Others 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 

Intangible assets acquired 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares used in computing basic and diluted earnings per share 

Earnings per share of ordinary shares - basic and diluted 

Due to the ani-dilutive effect, the computation
of basic and diluted EPS did not include the shares underlying the exercise of warrants and RSUs as the Company had a net loss for the
year ended June 30, 2023. 

The computation of diluted EPS did not include
the shares underlying the exercise of warrants, which would have been calculated using treasury method for the year ended June 30, 2022,
as the exercise price was greater than the market price of the shares. 

The computation of diluted EPS did not include
the shares underlying the exercise of options granted as none of the options were vested as June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, vested but unissued shares of restricted stock units under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (as discussed in Note 16) are considered issued shares and therefore are included in the computation of basic earnings (losses) per share when the shares are fully vested. 

For the year ended June 30, 2022, vested
shares of restricted stock units under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (as discussed in Note 16) are considered issued shares and therefore
are included in the computation of basic earnings (loss) per share when the shares are fully vested. 

shares of
Common Stock Common Stock and shares of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ), each with a par
value of 0.001 per share. 

The holders of Common Stock shall be entitled
to one vote per share in voting to the election of directors and all other corporate purposes. Subject to the express terms of any outstanding
series of Preferred Stock, dividends may be paid in cash or otherwise with respect to the holders of Common Stock out of the assets of
the Company legally available therefor, upon the terms, and subject to the limitations, as the Board of Directors of the Company (the
 Board of Directors may determine. In the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, subject to the express terms
of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to share in the distribution of any remaining
assets available for distribution to the holders of Common Stock ratably in proportion to the total number of shares of Common Stock then
issued and outstanding. 

During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company
issued shares of restricted common stock for RSUs vested in the quarter ended September 30, 2021. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company
issued shares of restricted common stock for RSUs vested. 

On February 15, 2022, as part of the consideration
for the acquisition of Anivia and subsidiaries, the Company issued restricted shares of the Company s common stock, valued
at per share, which was the closing price of the Company s Common Stock as traded on Nasdaq on February 15, 2022. These shares
have a lock-up period of 180 days and are subject to insider trading restrictions. The fair value of the shares was , calculated
with a discount of lack of marketability of 21 , which is determined using the Black Scholes Model. 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were 
and shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Preferred Stock 

The Preferred Stock was authorized as blank
check series of Preferred Stock, providing that the Board of Directors is expressly authorized, subject to limitations prescribed
by law, by resolution or resolutions and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Nevada, to provide, out
of the authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for series of Preferred Stock, and to establish from time to time the number
of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, there were no shares of Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding. 

Equity Incentive Plan 

On May 5, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors
adopted, and its stockholders approved and ratified, the iPower Inc. Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ).
The Plan allows for the issuance of up to shares of Common Stock, whether in the form of options, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units, performance shares and other stock or cash awards. The general purpose of the
Plan is to provide an incentive to the Company s directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors by enabling them to share
in the future growth of the Company s business. On November 16, 2021 and December 6, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement
on Form S-8 registering all shares issuable under the Plan. 

Restricted Stock Unit 

Following completion of the IPO on May 11, 2021,
pursuant to their letter agreements, the Company awarded restricted stock units RSUs under the Plan to its independent
directors, its Chief Financial Officer, and certain other employees and consultants, all of which are subject to certain vesting conditions
in the next 12 months and restrictions until filing of a Form S-8 for registration of the shares. The fair value of the RSUs was determined
to be based on 5.00 per share, the initial listing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. During the year ended
June 30, 2023, the Company granted additional shares of RSUs. For the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded
 and of stock-based compensation expense. There was forfeiture of 0 and 4,000 RSUs occurred during the year ended June
30, 2023 and 2022. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the unvested number of RSUs was and and the unamortized expense was 
and , respectively. 

Information relating to RSU grants is summarized
as follows: 

RSUs granted 

RSUs forfeited 

RSUs vested 

RSUs granted, but not vested, at June 30, 2022 

RSUs granted 

RSUs forfeited 

RSUs vested 

RSUs granted, but not vested, at June 30, 2023 

_____________________ 

(1) 

As of June 30, 2023, of the vested RSUs,
 shares of Common Stock were issued, and shares were to be issued in the next fiscal year. 

Stock Option 

On May 12, 2022, the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors approved an incentive plan for the Company s executive officers consisting of a cash performance
bonus of 
to be awarded to Kevin Vassily, CFO of the Company, and grants of stock option (the Option Grants in the amount of
60,000(i) 
shares to Chenlong Tan, CEO and (ii) 
shares to Mr. Vassily. The Option Grants, which were issued on May 13, 2022, have an exercise price of 1.12,
a contractual term of 10 years and consist of six vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both
operational milestones (performance conditions) and market conditions, assuming continued employment of the recipients through each
vesting date. Each of the six vesting tranches of the Option Grants will vest when both (i) the market capitalization milestone for
such tranche, which begins at 150 million for the first tranche and increases by increments of 50 million through the
fourth tranche and 100 million thereafter (based on achieving such market capitalization for five consecutive trading days), has
been achieved, and (ii) any one of the following six operational milestones focused on revenue or any one of
the six operational milestones focused on operating income have been achieved during a given fiscal year. 

The achievement status of the operational
milestones as of June 30, 2023 was as follows: 

Revenue in Fiscal Year 
 Operating Income in Fiscal Year 
 
 Milestone 
 (in Millions) 
 Achievement 
 Status 
 Milestone 
 (in Millions) 
 Achievement 
 Status 

90 
 Probable 
 6 
 Probable 
 
 100 
 Probable 
 8 
 Probable 
 
 125 
 Probable 
 10 
 Probable 
 
 150 
 Probable 
 12 
 Probable 
 
 200 
 Probable 
 16 

250 
 
 20 

The Company evaluated the performance condition
and market condition under ASC 718-10-20. The Option Grants are considered an award containing a performance and a market condition and
both conditions (in this case at least one of the performance conditions) must be satisfied for the award to vest. The market condition
is incorporated into the fair value of the award, and that fair value is recognized over the longer of the implied service period or requisite
service period if it is probable that one of the performance conditions will be met. In relation to the five awards deemed probable to
vest, the recognition period ranges from 2.93 years to 9.64 years. If the performance condition is ultimately not met, compensation cost
related to the award should not be recognized (or should be reversed to the extent any expense has been recognized related to such tranche)
because the vesting condition in the award would not have been satisfied. 

On the grant date, a Monte Carlo simulation was
used to determine for each tranche (i) a fixed amount of expense for such tranche and (ii) the future time when the market capitalization
milestone for such tranche was expected to be achieved. Separately, based on a subjective assessment of our future financial performance,
each quarter we determine whether it is probable that we will achieve each operational milestone that has not previously been achieved
or deemed probable of achievement and if so, the future time when we expect to achieve that operational milestone. The Monte Carlo simulation
utilized the following inputs: 

Stock Price - 

Volatility 

Term years 

Risk Free Rate of Return 

Dividend Yield 

The total fair value of the Option Grants
was 
million of which, at June 30, 2023 and 2022, 2.3 million is deemed probable of vesting. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, 
of the options had vested. For the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded 
and 
of stock-based compensation expense related to the Option Grants. Unrecognized compensation cost related to tranches probable of
vesting is approximately 
million and will be recognized over , depending on the tranche. 

in Convertible Notes and
warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock equaling 80 of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Convertible Notes. The convertible note warrants shall be exercisable for a period of three years from the IPO completion date
at a per share exercise price equal to the IPO. In accordance with the terms of the warrants, in the event the Convertible Notes are repaid
in cash by the Company, the warrants issued in conjunction with the Convertible Notes will expire and have no further value. 

The outstanding warrants held by the Convertible
Note investors were reclassified to additional paid in capital as the terms became fixed upon closing of the IPO. Through June 30, 2023,
none of the private placement investors exercised any of their warrants. As such, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the number of shares issuable
under the outstanding warrants was , with an average exercise price of per share. 

and
 , respectively, were deposited with various major financial institutions in the United States and PRC. Accounts at each institution
in the United States are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) for up to 250,000. The Company had approximately
 million and million , respectively, in excess of the FDIC insurance limit, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and
derived from revenue earned from customers, thereby exposing the Company to credit risk. The risk is mitigated by the Company s
assessment of its customers creditworthiness and its ongoing monitoring of outstanding balances. The Company maintains reserves
for estimated credit losses, and such losses have generally been within expectations. 

The business of DHS, the Company s VIE,
may be impacted by Chinese economic conditions, changes in regulations and laws, and other uncertainties. 

Customer and vendor concentration risk 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, Amazon
Vendor and Amazon Seller customers accounted for and of the Company's total revenues, respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022,
accounts receivable from Amazon Vendor and Amazon Seller accounted for and of the Company s total accounts receivable. 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, one
supplier accounted for and of the Company's total purchases, respectively. As of June 30, 2023, accounts payable to one supplier
accounted for of the Company s total accounts payable. As of June 30, 2022, accounts payable to two suppliers accounted for
 and of the Company s total accounts payable. 

On July 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Lease
agreement (the Lease Agreement with 9th Vineyard, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Landlord ),
to lease from the Landlord approximately 99,347 square feet of space located at 8798 9th Street, Rancho Cucamonga, California (the Premises ).
The term of the Lease Agreement is for 62 months, commencing on the date on which the Landlord completes certain prescribed improvements
on the property (the Rent Commencement Date ). The Lease Agreement does not provide for an option to renew. 

In addition, the Company
will be responsible for its pro rata share of certain costs, including utility costs, insurance and common area costs, as further detailed
in the Lease Agreement. Following the Rent Commencement Date, the first two months of the Base Rent will be abated. 

The lease was not started under the original agreement
as the construction was not completed. On February 23, 2022, the Company entered into an amended agreement to extend the lease term to
74 months. The lease commencement date is February 10, 2022, with rent payments commencing May 11, 2022 and the lease expiring on May
31, 2028. The base rental fee is 114,249 to 140,079 per month through the expiration date of May 31, 2028. 

On May 1, 2022, the Company leased another fulfillment
center in Duarte, California. The base rental fee is 56,000 to 59,410 per month through April 30, 2025. 

Total commitment for the full term of these leases
is . The financial statements reflected and , respectively, of operating lease right-of-use assets, and
 and , respectively, of operating lease liabilities as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Other information 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Remaining term in years 

Average discount rate - operating leases 

The supplemental balance sheet information related to leases for the
period is as follows: 

Lease Liability current 

Lease Liability - non-current 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Maturities of the Company s lease liabilities
are as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Less: Imputed interest/present value discount 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Contingencies 

Except as disclosed below, the Company is not
currently a party to any material legal proceedings, investigation or claims. As the Company may, from time to time, be involved in legal
matters arising in the ordinary course of its business, there can be no assurance that such matters will not arise in the future or that
any such matters in which the Company is involved, or which may arise in the ordinary course of the Company s business, will not
at some point proceed to litigation or that such litigation will not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition
or results of operations of the Company. 

Pursuant to an engagement agreement, dated and
effective August 31, 2020 (the Engagement Agreement ), with Boustead Securities LLC Boustead ), the Company
engaged Boustead to act as its exclusive placement agent for private placements of its securities and as a potential underwriter for its
initial public offering. On February 28, 2021, the Company informed Boustead that it was terminating the Engagement Agreement and any
continuing obligations the Company may have had under its terms. On April 15, 2021, the Company provided formal written notice to Boustead
of its termination of the Engagement Agreement and all obligations thereunder, effective immediately. On April 30, 2021, Boustead filed
a statement of claim with the Financial Institute Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, demanding to arbitrate the dispute, and is seeking,
among other things, monetary damages against the Company and D.A. Davidson Co. (who acted as underwriter in the Company s
IPO). The matter is presently scheduled to have a pre-hearing conference before a FINRA arbitration panel on September
26, 2023.
The Company has agreed to indemnify D.A. Davidson Co. and the other underwriters against any liability or expense they may incur
or be subject to arising out of the Boustead dispute. Additionally, Chenlong Tan, the Company s Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer and a beneficial owner more than 5 of the Company s Common Stock, has agreed to reimburse the Company for any judgments,
fines and amounts paid or actually incurred by the Company or an indemnitee in connection with such legal action or in connection with
any settlement agreement entered into by the Company or an indemnitee up to a maximum of 3.5 million in the aggregate, with the sole
source of funding of such reimbursement to come from sales of shares then owned by Mr. Tan. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the
amount of potential exposure as of the date of this report. 

In an effort to contain or slow the COVID-19 outbreak,
authorities across the world have implemented various measures, some of which have been subsequently rescinded or modified, including
travel bans, stay-at-home orders and shutdowns of certain businesses. The Company anticipates that these actions and the global health
crisis caused by the COVID-19 outbreak, including any resurgences, will continue to negatively impact global economic activity. While
the COVID-19 outbreak has not had a material adverse impact on the Company s operations to date, it is difficult to predict all
of the positive or negative impacts the COVID-19 outbreak may have on the Company s business in the future. 

In February
2022, the Russian Federation began conducting military operations against Ukraine, resulting in global economic uncertainty and increased
cost of various commodities. In response to these types of events, should they directly impact our supply chain or other operations, we
may experience or be exposed to supply chain disruption which could cause us to seek alternate sources for product supply, or suffer consequences
that are unexpected and difficult to mitigate. Any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and
our financial position or results of operations. Although, it is difficult to predict the impact that these factors may have on our business
in the future, they did not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity for the year ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

On April 13, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Royal
Business Bank (the Lender for a total amount of 175,500, pursuant to a promissory note issued by the Company to the Lender
(the PPP Note ). The loan was made pursuant to the Payroll Protection Program established as part of the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). On March 22, 2021, the 175,500 PPP Note due to Royal Business Bank was
fully forgiven by the SBA. 

The Company is required to retain PPP loan documentation through 2026
and permit authorized representatives of the SBA to access such files upon request. Should the SBA conduct such a review and reject all
or some of the Company s judgments pertaining to satisfying PPP loan eligibility or forgiveness conditions, the Company may be
required to adjust previously reported amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 32 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As required by Rule 13a-15
of the Exchange Act, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and communicated to management, including
the principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report (the Evaluation Date ), pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses described in our report on internal control over financial
reporting below. 

Notwithstanding the existence
of the material weaknesses, we believe that the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present in accordance
with U.S. GAAP, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in this
Annual Report. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

A control system, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Because of the inherent limitations in all controls systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide
reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our principal executive officer
and our principal accounting and financial officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based upon such assessment and
due to the existence of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our principal executive
officer and our principal accounting and financial officer have concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective because, among other things, (i) we lack effective communication and reconciliation procedures in our controlled
subsidiaries, and (ii) our controls related to the financial statements closing process were not adequately designed or appropriately
implemented to identify material misstatements in our financial reporting on a timely basis. Management has evaluated remediation plans
to address these deficiencies and is implementing changes to address the material weakness identified, including hiring additional accountants
and consultants and implementing controls and procedures over the financial reporting process. 

43 

It should be noted that any
system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives of
the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of certain
events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

In light of the material weaknesses
described above, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our financial statements were prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, we believe that the consolidated financial statements included
in this Annual Report fairly present in accordance with U.S. GAAP, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

UHY LLP, our independent registered
public accounting firm, is not required to and has not provided an assessment over the design or effectiveness of our internal controls
over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

44 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

MANAGEMENT 

Executive Officers and Directors 

All of our directors hold
office for one-year terms until the election and qualification of their successors. Officers are appointed by our board of directors and
serve at the discretion of the board of directors, subject to applicable employment agreements. The following table sets forth information
relating to our executive officers and members of our board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Chenlong Tan 

41 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 
 
 Kevin Vassily 

56 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Bennet Tchaikovsky 

54 

Independent Director 
 
 Hanxi Li 

36 

Independent Director 
 
 Kevin Liles 

54 

Independent Director 

Chenlong Tan .
Mr. Tan cofounded our Company in 2018 and is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. He has held the position of Chief Executive
Officer since April 2018 and assumed the positions of Chairman, President and Interim Chief Financial Officer in January 2020. Mr. Tan
held the position of Interim Chief Financial Officer until January 2021. From 2010 until 2018, Mr. Tan was the cofounder, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Information Officer at our predecessor, BizRight LLC, where he built the business from the ground up to achieve 20
million in sales through data driven development. From 2002 until 2010, Mr. Tan served as a Solution Architect and Senior Software Engineer
at various companies, where he took a lead role, managing consultants, business architects and project managers, in working with healthcare
companies in completing scoping requirements, solution gathering and project management, among other things. Mr. Tan received his B. Sc.
at the University of Auckland in New Zealand, where he graduated with honors. 

Kevin Vassily. 
Mr. Vassily was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer in January 2021. Mr. Vassily was also appointed as a member of our board of directors
in March 2021. Mr. Vassily also serves as a director at Aimfinity Investment Corp. commencing March 15, 2023. Prior to joining iPower,
from 2019 to January 2021, Mr. Vassily served as Vice President of Market Development for Facteus, a financial analytics company focused
on the Asset Management industry. From October 2018 through its acquisition in 2020, Mr. Vassily served as an advisor at Go Capture, where
he was responsible for providing strategic, business development, and product development advisory services for the company s emerging
 Data as a Service platform. Since February 2020, Mr. Vassily has served as a director of Zhongchao Inc., a provider of healthcare
information, education and training services to healthcare professionals and the public in China. Since July 2018, Mr. Vassily has also
served as an advisor at Prometheus Fund, a Shanghai- based merchant bank/PE firm focused on the green economy. And from
2015 through 2018, Mr. Vassily served as an associate director of research at Keybanc Capital Markets, and helped to co-manage the Technology
Research vertical. From 2010 to 2014, he served as the director of research at Pacific Epoch (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pacific Crest
Securities), where he was responsible for a complete overhaul of product and a complete business model restart post-acquisition, re focusing
the firm around a data-first research offering. From 2007 to 2010, he served as the Asia Technology business development
representative and as a senior analyst at Pacific Crest Securities, responsible for establishing the firm s presence and relevance
covering Asia Technology. From 2003 to 2006, he served as senior research analyst in the semiconductor technology group at Susquehanna
International Group, responsible for research in semiconductor and related technologies. From 2001 to 2003, Mr. Vassily served as the
vice president and senior research analyst for semiconductor capital equipment at Thomas Weisel Partners, responsible for publishing research
and maintaining financial models on each of the companies under coverage. Mr. Vassily began his career on Wall Street in 1998, as a research
associate covering the semiconductor industry at Lehman Brothers. He holds a B.A. in liberal arts from Denison University and an M.B.A.
from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. 

45 

Bennet
Tchaikovsky. Mr. Tchaikovsky serves as a member of our board of directors, a position he has held since May 2021, following completion
of our initial public offering, and serves as chair of the audit committee. Since August 2014, Mr. Tchaikovsky has been a full-time professor
at Irvine Valley College. Since January 2022, Mr. Tchaikovsky has been a part-time accounting instructor
at California State University, Fullerton. From January 2020 through December 2021, Mr. Tchaikovsky served as a member of the board of
directors for Oriental Culture Holding Group, Ltd. (NASDAQ: OCG). From February 2021 through July 2022, Mr. Tchaikovsky served as a member
of the board of directors for Industrial Human Capital, Inc. (NYSE: AXH). From September 2020 through December 2021, Mr. Tchaikovsky served
as a part-time accounting instructor at Long Beach City College. From August 2018 to May 2019, Mr. Tchaikovsky was a part-time instructor
at Chapman University. From November 2013 to August 2019, Mr. Tchaikovsky served as a board member and chairman of the audit committee
of Ener-Core, Inc. (OTCMKTS: ENCR). From August 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Tchaikovsky was a part-time faculty member of Irvine Valley College
and a part-time faculty member of Pasadena City College. Mr. Tchaikovsky has served as a director on the board of directors of China Jo-Jo
Drugstores, Inc. (NASDAQ: CJJD) from August 2011 to January 2013 and as its chief financial officer from September 2009 to July 2011.
From April 2010 to August 2013, Mr. Tchaikovsky has served as chief financial officer of VLOV, Inc. From May 2008 to April 2010, Mr. Tchaikovsky
has served as chief financial officer of Skystar Bio-Pharmaceutical Company. From March 2008 to November 2009, Mr. Tchaikovsky served
as a director on the board of directors of Ever-Glory International Group (NASDAQ: EVK), where he served as chairman of the audit committee
and was a member of the compensation committee. From December 2008 through November 2009, Mr. Tchaikovsky
served as a director of Sino Clean Energy, Inc. Mr. Tchaikovsky received his Juris Doctorate degree from Southwestern Law School
in December 1996 and his Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Economics from the University of California at Santa Barbara in August 1991.
Mr. Tchaikovsky is an actively licensed Certified Public Accountant in California and is an actively licensed member of the California
State Bar. We believe that Mr. Tchaikovsky s extensive experience in accounting and business will benefit the Company s business
and operations and make him a valuable member of the board of directors and its committees. 

Hanxi Li . Ms.
Li was appointed to serve as a director on our board of directors on December 23, 2021 and serves as chair of our compensation committee.
Ms. Li has more than a decade of marketing experience working with Fortune 50 companies and international conferences. Since 2019, Ms.
Li has served as Vice President of Marketing for Elegantz Productions LLC. In this role, she executed branding and marketing campaigns
targeting the United States region for Sequoia Capital and Xiaomi. She also formed a long-term partnership with ByteDance Ltd. and Ciwen
Media. From 2017 to 2018, she was the marketing director of the Company s predecessor, Bizright LLC, where she was in charge of
the company s branding and marketing strategies, including the expansion of the company s social media marketing. From 2013
to 2016, Ms. Li was a partner at a private video studio where she worked with top companies across industries, including Bluefocus, and
executed a performance project in China National Olympic Park. From 2011 to 2014, as publicity supervisor for the China National Convention
Center, Ms. Li led efforts for branding and media channels for national and international meetings. Her long track record as a successful
marketing leader makes her ideally suited to serving as a member of our board of directors. 

Kevin Liles .
Mr. Liles was appointed to serve as a member of our board of directors commencing May 2021, upon completion of our initial public offering,
and serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Since 2012, Mr. Liles has been co-founder of 300 Entertainment,
a music company whose roster includes acts across multiple genres including hip-hop, rock, pop, electronic, and alternative. From 2009
until present, Mr. Liles is a founder of KWL Enterprise, a niche brand management solutions company. From 2004 until 2009, Mr. Liles was
an executive vice president of Warner Music, where he oversaw global strategy and was pivotal in building the artist services division
into what is now a 200 million business. From 1998 until 2004, Mr. Liles was president of Def Jam Recordings and executive vice president
of The Island Def Jam Music Group, where he amplified the brand s influence through introducing Def College Jam, opening five international
offices, launching successful video game franchises, and doubling revenue to 400 million. Mr. Liles has long been focused on philanthropic
work, with a focus on global education and entrepreneurship, culminating in his receipt of the 2010 Medaille de la Ville de Paris award
for his contribution to Parisian culture. Mr. Liles holds an honorary Doctor of Law degree from Morgan State University, where he studied
engineering and electrical engineering as an undergraduate. We believe Mr. Liles extensive entrepreneurial and business experience,
as well as his extensive knowledge in the area of social media, will assist us in our growth plans going forward. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
among any of our officers or directors. 

46 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, during the
past ten years, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has: 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board Committees 

Our board of directors has
established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each of these committees
operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors, as set forth below. 

Audit Committee .
Our Audit Committee consists of three independent directors. The members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Tchaikovsky, Ms. Li and Mr. Liles.
The Audit Committee consists exclusively of directors who are financially literate and Mr. Tchaikovsky serves as chair of the Audit Committee.
As a licensed certified public accountant, Mr. Tchaikovsky is considered an audit committee financial expert as defined
by the SEC s rules and regulations. 

The audit committee responsibilities include: 

overseeing the compensation and work of and performance by our independent auditor and any other registered public accounting firm performing audit, review or attestation services for us; 

engaging, retaining and terminating our independent auditor and determining the terms thereof; 

assessing the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditor; 

evaluating whether the provision of permitted non-audit services is compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence; 

reviewing and discussing the audit results, including any comments and recommendations of the independent auditor and the responses of management to such recommendations; 

reviewing and discussing the annual and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor; 

producing a committee report for inclusion in applicable SEC filings; 

reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and procedures; 

establishing procedures regarding the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received regarding the accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters and conducting or authorizing investigations into any matters within the scope of the responsibility of the audit committee; and 

reviewing transactions with related persons for potential conflict of interest situations. 

47 

Compensation Committee .
Our Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors. The members of the Compensation Committee are Ms. Li, Mr. Tchaikovsky
and Mr. Liles. Ms. Li serves as the chair of the Compensation Committee. The committee has primary responsibility for: 

reviewing and recommending all elements and amounts of compensation for each executive officer, including any performance goals applicable to those executive officers; 

reviewing and recommending for approval the adoption, any amendment and termination of all cash and equity-based incentive compensation plans; 

once required by applicable law, causing to be prepared a committee report for inclusion in applicable SEC filings; 

approving any employment agreements, severance agreements or change of control agreements that are entered into with the Chief Executive Officer and certain executive officers; and 

reviewing and recommending the level and form of non-employee director compensation and benefits. 

Nominating and Governance
Committee . The Nominating and Governance Committee consists of three independent directors. The members of the Nominating and
Governance Committee are Mr. Liles, Ms. Li and Mr. Tchaikovsky. Mr. Liles serves as chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s responsibilities include: 

recommending persons for election as directors by the stockholders; 

recommending persons for appointment as directors to the extent necessary to fill any vacancies or newly created directorships; 

reviewing annually the skills and characteristics required of directors and each incumbent director s continued service on the board of directors; 

reviewing any stockholder proposals and nominations for directors; 

advising the board of directors on the appropriate structure and operations of the board of directors and its committees; 

reviewing and recommending standing board committee assignments; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors the Corporate Governance Guidelines, a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other corporate governance policies and programs and reviewing such guidelines, code and any other policies and programs at least annually; 

making recommendations to the board of directors as to determinations of director independence; and 

making recommendations to the board of directors regarding corporate governance based upon developments, trends, and best practices. 

The Nominating and Governance
Committee will consider stockholder recommendations for candidates for the board of directors. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

The Company maintains a formal
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code that is applicable to every officer, director, employee and consultant (the
 Employees of the Company and its affiliates. The Code reaffirms the high standards of business conduct required of all
of the Company s Employees. 

Insider Trading Policy 

The Company maintains an insider
trading policy to help the Company s Employees comply with federal and state securities laws, prevent insider trading and govern
the terms and conditions at which the Employees can trade in the Company s securities. 

48 

Limitation of Directors Liability and Indemnification 

The Nevada Revised Statutes NRS authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate, subject to certain conditions, the personal liability of directors
to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties. 

iPower maintains stand-alone
director and officer liability insurance to cover liabilities our directors and officers may incur in connection with their services to
us, including matters arising under the Securities Act. In addition, Nevada law and our bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors
and officers who, by reason of the fact that he or she is an officer or director, is involved in a legal proceeding of any nature. 

There is no pending litigation
or proceeding against any of our directors, officers, employees or agents in which indemnification will be required or permitted. We are
not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding which may result in a claim for such indemnification. 

Indemnification Agreements 

To date, we have no specific
indemnification agreements with our directors or executive officers. However, our officers and directors are entitled to indemnification
through our bylaws and to the extent allowed pursuant to the NRS, federal securities law and our directors and officers liability insurance. 

SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING
COMPLIANCE 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports regarding ownership
of, and transactions in, our securities with the SEC and to provide us with copies of those filings. Based solely on our review of the
copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations by our officers and directors regarding their compliance with applicable
reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements for our executive
officers, directors and 10 stockholders were met during the year ended June 30, 2023, except for the following: 

Name 
 Late Reports 
 Transactions Covered 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Hanxin Li 
 Form 4 
 COMMON STOCK 
 51,724 
 
 Kevin Liles 
 Form 4 
 COMMON STOCK 
 24,800 
 
 Bennet Tchaikovsky 
 Form 4 
 COMMON STOCK 
 24,800 

49 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

EXECUTIVE OFFICE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table presents
information regarding the total compensation earned by our executive officers who were serving as executive officers as of June 30, 2023
for services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary USD) 
 Bonus USD) 
 Stock Based Awards USD) 
 Others USD) 
 Total USD) 
 
 Chenlong Tan 
 2023 
 264,000 

62,647 (1) 
 326,647 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President 
 2022 
 264,000 
 94,250 
 
 62,647 (1) 
 420,897 

Kevin Vassily 
 2023 
 240,000 

240,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 240,000 
 120,000 
 60,000 
 
 420,000 

_________________________ 

 (1) Consists of the costs of leasing a car. 

Employment Agreement with Chenlong Tan 

On July 1, 2020, we entered
into an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Chenlong Tan. Under Mr. Tan s employment agreement, Mr. Tan receives
base compensation of 20,000 per month, is entitled to performance cash bonus compensation based on achievement of certain pre-determined
goals, and from time to time may be granted restricted common shares and/or options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock,
subject to the board of directors or Compensation Committee approval. In addition, during the term of Mr. Tan s employment agreement,
we are also leasing a motor vehicle for Mr. Tan s daily use. Mr. Tan is not entitled to any severance rights under his employment
agreement. Mr. Tan s employment agreement has a term of five years, is thereafter renewable on an annual basis, and may be terminated
upon 30 days notice upon the mutual agreement of Mr. Tan and the Company. 

Employment Agreement with Kevin Vassily 

On January 29, 2021, we entered
into an employment agreement with our Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Vassily. Under Mr. Vassily s employment agreement, Mr. Vassily
receives base compensation of 240,000, is entitled to an annual guaranteed bonus of 60,000 upon achievement of certain milestones and
up to an additional 60,000 annually in the sole discretion of the Company s board of directors. Mr. Vassily is also entitled to
12,000 restricted stock units upon completion of our IPO. Thereafter, stock grants will be adjusted based on the awards from each prior
year. Mr. Vassily is not entitled to any severance rights under his employment agreement and may be terminated upon 30 days written
notice by either party. 

50 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

Outstanding Equity Awards at June 30, 2023 

The following table provides
information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of June 30, 2023. 

Options 
 Restricted Stock Unit Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of securities Underlying Options (#) Vested 
 Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Unvested 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration date 
 Number of Securities Underlying RSUs (#) Vested 
 Number of Securities Underlying RSUs(#) Unvested 
 
 Chenlong Tan 
 5/13/2022 
 0 
 3,000,000 
 1.12 
 5/12/2032 

Kevin Vassily (1) 
 5/11/2021 

12,000 

5/13/2022 
 0 
 330,000 
 1.12 
 5/12/2032 

(1) Total number of RSUs granted was 12,000, all of which had vested
as of June 30, 2023. 

Director Compensation 

We
reimburse all members of our board of directors for their direct out of pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings of our board of
directors. This table summarizes the compensation paid to each of our independent directors who served in such capacity during the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2023. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash USD) 
 Stock Based Awards USD) 
 Others USD) 
 Total USD) 
 
 Bennet Tchaikovsky 
 30,000 
 30,000 
 
 60,000 
 
 Kevin Liles 
 25,000 
 30,000 
 
 55,000 
 
 Hanxi Li 
 25,000 
 30,000 
 
 55,000 

Our
independent directors each receive (i) 25,000 annual cash compensation, payable in equal quarterly installments, and (ii) 30,000 in
restricted stock units RSUs ), which were issued pursuant to our 2020 Amended Equity Incentive Plan. Aside from 51,724 shares
of RSUs which were issued to one of our directors, Ms. Hanxi Li on April 19, 2023, all other directors stock compensation has fully
vested. In addition, the chairman of our audit committee is entitled to receive an additional 5,000 annual retainer for his additional
responsibilities, which retainer will be payable in equal quarterly installments. Directors will also be reimbursed for reasonable expenses
incurred in connection with the performance of their duties. No compensation has been awarded to any directors who were not executive
officers for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

51 

Equity Incentive Plan 

On October 15, 2020, the Company s
board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved and ratified, the iPower Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. Further on May 5,
2021, the Company s board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved and ratified, the 2020 Amended Equity Incentive Plan.
The 2020 Amended Equity Incentive Plan allows for the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock, whether in the form of options,
restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units, performance shares and other stock or cash awards.
The general purpose of the 2020 Amended Equity Incentive Plan is to provide an incentive to the Company s directors, officers, employees,
consultants and advisors by enabling them to share in the future growth of the Company s business. The board of directors believes
that granting equity-based compensation serves to promote continuity of management and provide for a shared interest in the welfare, growth
and development of the Company. The Company believes that the 2020 Amended Equity Incentive Plan will serve to advance the Company s
interests by enhancing its ability to (i) attract and retain employees, consultants, directors and advisors who are able to contribute
to the Company s ongoing success and development, (ii) reward those employees, consultants, directors and advisors for their contributions
to the Company, and (iii) encourage employees, consultants, directors and advisors to participate in the Company s long-term growth
and success. 

In addition to the RSU grants
referenced above, on May 13, 2022, the Company granted stock options (the Option Grants in the amount of (i) 3,000,000
shares to Chenlong Tan, our Chief Executive Officer and (ii) 330,000 shares to Kevin Vassily, our Chief Financial Officer. The Option
Grants have an exercise price of 1.12 per share (the closing price on the grant date) and have a term of 10 years, will vest in stages
upon the Company s achievement of certain pre-determined market capitalization and revenue or operating income targets set forth
in the grant agreements. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company granted an additional 131,130 RSUs to out directors and
employees. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned as of September 14, 2023 by: 

each of our stockholders who is known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of our common stock; 

each of our executive officers; 

each of our directors; and 

all of our directors and current executives as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined based on the rules and regulations of the SEC. A person has beneficial ownership of shares if such individual
has the power to vote and/or dispose of shares. This power may be sole or shared and direct or indirect. Applicable percentage ownership
in the following table is based on the total of 29,764,374 shares of common stock outstanding as of September 14, 2023. In
computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock that
are subject to options or warrants held by that person and exercisable as of, or within sixty (60) days of, the date of this Annual Report.
These shares, however, are not counted as outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person(s).
Except as may be indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, each person named in the
table has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares of common stock set forth opposite that person s name. Unless
indicated below, the address of each individual listed below is c/o iPower Inc., 2397 Bateman Avenue, Duarte, CA 91010. 

52 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 No. of Shares Common Stock Beneficially Owned 

Total Percentage of Common Stock Owned 

Chenlong Tan (1) 

8,043,334 

27.02 

Kevin Vassily (2) 

22,000 

Bennet Tchaikovsky (3) 

55,600 

Kevin Liles (4) 

55,600 

Hanxi Li (5) 

64,941 

All Officers and Directors (5 Persons) 

8,241,475 

27.67 

Beneficial Owners of more than 5 

Allan Huang (6) 

8,023,334 

26.96 

White Cherry Limited (7) 

2,629,515 

8.83 

__________________________ 

Less than 0.1 
 
 (1) 
 Chenlong Tan is our
 co-Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Mr. Tan s holding consists of (i) 4,043,334 shares directly held
 by Mr. Tan and (ii) 4,000,000 shares held by a trust for the benefit of Mr. Tan and certain of his family members. The aforementioned holdings do not include options to purchase 3,000,000
shares of common stock which remain subject to certain vesting conditions. 
 
 (2) 
 Kevin Vassily is our Chief
 Financial Officer. The aforementioned holdings do not include options to purchase 330,000
shares of common stock which remain subject to certain vesting conditions. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. Tchaikovsky is a member of our board of directors. His holdings consist of (i) 30,800 shares of common stock and (ii) 24,800 restricted stock units RSUs which remain subject to vesting. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr. Liles is a member of
 our board of directors. His holdings consist of (i) 30,800 shares of common stock and (ii) 24,800 RSUs which remain subject to
 vesting. 
 
 (5) 
 Ms. Li is a member of our board of directors. Her reported holdings consist of (i) 26,147 shares of common stock and (ii) 38,794 RSUs which remain subject to vesting. 
 
 (6) 
 Allan Huang is our co-Founder and a consultant and was previously our Chief Executive Officer, President and a director. 
 
 (7) 
 White Cherry Limited was the former owner of our subsidiary in Hongkong. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Unless described below, during
the last two fiscal years, there are no transactions or series of similar transactions to which we were a party or will be a party, in
which: 

the amounts involved exceed or will exceed 120,000; and 

any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. 

On April 27, 2021, Mr. Chenlong
Tan, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and a beneficial owner more than 5 of our common stock, has agreed to reimburse
us for any judgments, fines and amounts paid or actually incurred by us or an indemnitee in connection with such legal action or in connection
with any settlement agreement entered into by us or an indemnitee up to a maximum of 3.5 million in the aggregate, with the sole source
of funding of such reimbursement to come from sales of shares then owned by Mr. Tan, against any damages that the Company may owe Boustead
or the underwriters, should Boustead be successful in any action against the Company related to this initial public offering. 

53 

Starting March 1, 2022, the
Company subleases 50,000 square feet of its warehouse space to Box Harmony, LLC Box Harmony ), which is a 40 owned joint
venture of the Company as disclosed in Note 1 and Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements. For the year ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, the Company received and recorded sublease fee of 359,373 and 330,000 as other non-operating income, respectively. As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, other receivables due from Box Harmony was 0 and 51,762, respectively. The Company discontinued the sublease
to Box Harmony on January 1, 2023. 

On February 15, 2022, the
Company assumed 92,246 of advance payments from shareholders of DHS as a result of the Company s acquisition of Anivia. These advance
payments were for capital injections pending capital inspection by the local government in accordance with the PRC rules. As of
June 30, 2022, the balance of advance from shareholders was 92,246. As of June 30, 2023, the balance of advance from shareholders was
 85,200. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table represents
fees for professional audit services for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended June
30, 2023 and 2022, rendered by UHY LLP. 

Fiscal year ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees 1 
 405,276 
 338,150 
 
 Audit-related fees 2 

Total fees 
 405,276 
 338,150 

_________________________ 

1. 
 Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

2. 
 Audit-related fees consist primarily of fees for assurance and related services by the accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies 

The Audit Committee is tasked
with pre-approving any non-audit services proposed to be provided to the Company by the independent auditors. 

54 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of iPower Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed May 5, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of iPower Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 2 the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed April 27, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.1 
 
 2020 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed May 5, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Sublease Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2018, between BZRTH, Inc. and BizRight, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2018, between BZRTH, Inc. and BizRight, LLC (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 3, 2019, between BZRTH, Inc. and WFC Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated February 1, 2020, between BZRTH, Inc. and Allan Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed April 15, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Note for PPP Loan, dated April 13, 2020, issued to Royal Business Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 1, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Loan Authorization and Agreement, dated April 18, 2020, between BZRTH, Inc. and U.S. Small Business Administration (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 1, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2020, between iPower Inc. and Chenlong Tan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Standard Industrial Multi-Tenant Lease, dated as of September 1, 2020, between BZRTH, Inc. and Nelson, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated September 4, 2020, between iPower Inc. and Global Product Marketing Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 20, 2020, between iPower Inc. and Allan Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 20, 2020, between iPower Inc. and Chenlong Tan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated October 26, 2020, between iPower Inc. and E Marketing Solution Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, between BZRTH, Inc. and WFC Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 

55 

10.15 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for Series A Preferred Stock Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Board Letter Agreement, dated January 26, 2021, between iPower Inc. and Danilo Cacciamatta (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Board Letter Agreement, dated January 26, 2021, between iPower Inc. and Bennet Tchaikovsky (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for 6 Convertible Note and Warrants (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.17 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Convertible Note, dated January 27, 2021, issued to Wiseman Capital Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Convertible Note, dated January 27, 2021, issued to Bright Century Investment LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Board Letter Agreement, dated January 28, 2021, between iPower Inc. and Kevin Liles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 29, 2021, between iPower Inc. and Kevin Vassily (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed February 2, 2021). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2021, by and among iPower Inc. and D.A. Davidson Co., Roth Capital Partners, LLC and US Tiger Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed May 5, 2021). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Indemnification and Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2021, entered into by Chenlong Tan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed May 5, 2021). 
 
 10.25 
 
 E Marketing Solutions Inc. Equity Purchase Agreement, dated May 18, 2021, between iPower Inc. and Shanshan Huang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2021). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Global Products Marketing Inc. Equity Purchase Agreement, dated May 18, 2021, between iPower Inc. and Chenlong Tan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2021). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, between iPower Inc. and 9 th and Vineyard LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report filed August 2, 2021). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form of Credit Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2021, between iPower Inc., its subsidiaries and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 15, 2021). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form of Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2021, between iPower Inc., its subsidiaries and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 15, 2021). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form of Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2021, between iPower Inc., its subsidiaries and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 15, 2021). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 20, 2022). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Box Harmony LLC Agreement (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 20, 2022). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Facility and Use Access Agreement (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 20, 2022). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Consulting Agreement (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 20, 2022). 
 
 10.35 
 
 License Agreement (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 20, 2022). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Director Offer Letter (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 20, 2022). 

56 

10.37 
 
 Joint
 Venture Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between iPower Inc., Bro Angel LLC, Jie Shan and Bing Luo (incorporated by Reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2022). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Amended
 Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Global Social Media LLC, dated February 10, 2022, between Global
 Social Media LLC, iPower Inc., and Bro Angel LLC (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed February 14, 2022). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Intellectual
 Property License Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between Bro Angel LLC and Global Social Media LLC (incorporated by Reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2022). 
 
 10.40 
 
 Share
 Transfer Agreement, dated February 15, 2022, between iPower Inc., White Cherry Limited, Li Zanyu, Xie Jing, Anivia Limited, Fly Elephant
 Limited, Dayou Renzai (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd. and Daheshou (Shenzhen) Information Technology Co., Ltd. (incorporated
 by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 22, 2022). 
 
 10.41 
 
 3,500,000
 Promissory Note, dated February 15, 2022, from iPower, Inc. to White Cherry Limited (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 22, 2022). 
 
 10.42 
 
 Exclusive
 Business Cooperation Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, between Dayaorenzai (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd. and Daheshou (Shenzhen)
 Information Technology Co., Ltd. (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February
 22, 2022). 
 
 10.43 
 
 Exclusive
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, between Dayao Renzai (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd., Daheshou (Shenzhen)
 Information Technology Co., Ltd. and its equity holders (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed February 22, 2022). 
 
 10.44 
 
 Exclusive
 Option Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, between Dayao Renzai (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd., Daheshou (Shenzhen) Information
 Technology Co., Ltd. and its equity holders (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 February 22, 2022). 
 
 10.45 
 
 Power
 of Attorney of Li Zanyu, dated December 15, 2021 (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed February 22, 2022). 
 
 10.46 
 
 JP
 Morgan Chase Consent Agreement, dated February 16, 2022 (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed February 22, 2022). 
 
 10.47 
 
 Amendment
 to Pledge and Security Agreement, dated February 16, 2022 (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed February 22, 2022). 
 
 10.48 
 
 Employment
 Contract, dated February 15, 2022, between Dayao Renzai (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd. and Li Zanyu (incorporated by Reference
 to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 22, 2022). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Second
 Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated October 7, 2022, between iPower Inc., its subsidiaries and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 13, 2022). 
 
 10.50 
 
 Amendment
 to Subordination Agreement, dated October 7, 2022, between White Cherry Limited and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by
 Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 13, 2022). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on
 Form S-1 filed April 15, 2021). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 28, 2022) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document
 the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL
 document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema
 Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation
 Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition
 Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label
 Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation
 Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished herewith. 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this amendment to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

iPOWER INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Chenlong Tan 

Chenlong Tan 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, 

Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Date: September 14, 2023 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Chenlong Tan 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
 
 September 14, 2023 
 
 Chenlong Tan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

(principal executive officer) 

/s/ Kevin Vassily 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 September 14, 2023 
 
 Kevin Vassily 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Bennet Tchaikovsky 
 
 Director 
 
 September 14, 2023 
 
 Bennet Tchaikovsky 

/s/ Kevin Lies 
 
 Director 
 
 September 14, 2023 
 
 Kevin Liles 

/s/ Hanxi Li 
 
 Director 
 
 September 14, 2023 
 
 Hanxi Li 

58 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ipower_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-261100) and Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8
(No. 333-261100) of iPower Inc. the Company of our report dated September 14, 2023, with respect to the Company s
consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, appearing in the Annual Report on
Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

We also consent to the reference to our Firm under
the caption Experts in such Prospectus. 

/s/ UHY LLP 

 Irvine, California 

 S eptember
14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ipower_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

I, Chenlong Tan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 of iPower Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: September 14, 2023 
 /s/ Chenlong Tan 

Chenlong Tan 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ipower_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Kevin Vassily, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 of iPower Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: September 14, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin Vassily 

Kevin Vassily 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ipower_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of iPower
(the Company on Form 10-K pursuant for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chenlong Tan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 14, 2023 

/s/ Chenlong Tan 

Chenlong Tan 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ipower_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of iPower
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kevin Vassily, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 14, 2023 

/s/ Kevin Vassily 

Kevin Vassily 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ipw-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ipw-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ipw-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ipw-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

