<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230721_10-K_edgar_data_866729_0000866729-23-000019.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16737096</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>254567</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2741505</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6700209</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3618852</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3019026</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000866729-23-000019.hdr.sgml : 20230721
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230721160203
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000866729-23-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230721
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230721

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCHOLASTIC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866729
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOOKS: PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING AND PRINTING [2731]
		IRS NUMBER:				133385513
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19860
		FILM NUMBER:		231102544

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 BROADWAY
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10012
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123436100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 BROADWAY
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10012

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000866729-23-000019.txt : 20230721

10-K
 1
 schl-20230531.htm
 10-K

schl-20230531 

United States 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of 
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report . 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Stock, par value 0.01, held by non-affiliates as of November 30, 2022, was approximately . As of such date, non-affiliates held no shares of the Class A Stock, 0.01 par value. There is no active market for the Class A Stock. 

The number of shares outstanding of each class of the Registrant s voting stock as of June 30, 2023 was as follows: 
 
 Title of each class Number of shares outstanding as of June 30, 2023 Common Stock, 0.01 par value Class A Stock, 0.01 par value 

Table of Contents PAGE Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 36 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 37 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 39 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 78 
 Supplementary Financial Information 
 81 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 82 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 82 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 82 
 Item 9 C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 82 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 83 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 83 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 83 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 83 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 83 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 84 
 Item 16. 
 Summary 
 87 
 Signatures 
 88 
 Power of Attorney 
 89 
 Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 S-1 

Part I 
 
 Item 1 | Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Scholastic Corporation (the Corporation and together with its subsidiaries, Scholastic or the Company is the world s largest publisher and distributor of children s books, a leading provider of print and digital instructional materials for grades pre-kindergarten ("pre-K") to grade 12 and a producer of educational and entertaining children s media. The Company creates quality books and ebooks, print and technology-based learning materials and programs, classroom magazines and other products that, in combination, offer schools, as well as parents and children, customized and comprehensive solutions to support children s learning and reading both at school and at home. Since its founding in 1920, Scholastic has emphasized quality products and a dedication to reading, learning and literacy. The Company is the leading operator of school-based book club and book fair proprietary channels. It distributes its products and services through these channels, as well as directly to schools and libraries, through retail stores and through the internet. The Company s website, scholastic.com, is a leading site for teachers, classrooms and parents and an award-winning destination for children. Scholastic has operations in the United States and throughout the world including Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and Asia and, through its export business, sells products in approximately international locations. 
 
 Segments 
 
 The Company categorizes its businesses into three reportable segments: Children s Book Publishing and Distribution ; Education Solutions ; and International . 
 
 The following table sets forth revenues by reportable segment for the three fiscal years ended May 31: 
 (Amounts in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Children s Book Publishing and Distribution 1,038.0 946.5 675.0 Education Solutions 386.6 393.6 312.3 International 279.4 302.8 313.0 Total 1,704.0 1,642.9 1,300.3 
 
 Additional financial information relating to the Company s reportable segments is included in Note 3, "Segment Information", of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is included herein. 
 
 CHILDREN S BOOK PUBLISHING AND DISTRIBUTION 
 
 (60.9 of fiscal 2023 revenues) 
 
 General 
 
 The Company s Children s Book Publishing and Distribution segment includes the publication and distribution of children s books, ebooks, media and interactive products in the United States through its school book clubs and school book fairs channels and through the trade channel. 
 
 The Company is the world s largest publisher and distributor of children s books and is the leading operator of school-based book clubs and school-based book fairs in the United States. The Company is also a leading publisher of children s print books, ebooks and audiobooks distributed through the trade channel. Scholastic offers a broad range of children s books through its school and trade channels, many of which have received awards for excellence in children s literature, including the Caldecott and Newbery Medals. 
 
 The Company obtains titles for sale through its distribution channels from three principal sources. The first source for titles is the Company s publication of books created under agreements with authors, illustrators, book packagers or other media companies. Scholastic generally controls the exclusive rights to sell and distribute these titles through all channels of distribution in the United States and, to a lesser extent, internationally. Scholastic s second source of titles is through obtaining licenses to sell books exclusively in specified channels of distribution, including reprints of books 
 
 1 

originally published by other publishers for which the Company acquires rights to sell in the school market. The third source of titles is the Company s purchase of finished books from other publishers. 
 
 School-Based Book Clubs 
 
 Scholastic founded its first school-based book club in 1948. The Company's school-based book clubs consist of reading clubs for pre-K through grade 8. In addition to its regular reading club offerings, the Company creates special theme-based and seasonal offers targeted to different grade levels during the year. 
 
 The Company distributes promotional materials containing order forms to classrooms in the vast majority of the pre-K to grade 8 schools in the United States. Classroom teachers who wish to participate in a school-based book club provide the promotional materials to their students, who may choose from curated selections at substantial reductions from list prices. Approximately 37 of kindergarten ("K") to grade 5 elementary school teachers in the United States who received promotional materials in fiscal 2023 participated in the Company s school-based book clubs. In fiscal 2023, approximately 97 of total book club revenues were placed via the internet through the Company s online ordering platform, which allows parents, as well as teachers, to order online, with approximately 57 of such revenues being placed by parents via the Company's online ordering platform. Alternatively, the teacher may manually aggregate the students orders and forward them to the Company. Products are typically shipped to the classroom for distribution to the students. Teachers who participate in book clubs receive bonus points and other promotional incentives, which may be redeemed from the Company for additional books and other resource materials and items for their classrooms or the school. 
 
 School-Based Book Fairs 
 
 The Company entered the school-based book fairs channel in 1981 under the name Scholastic Book Fairs. The Company is the leading distributor of school-based book fairs in the United States serving schools in all 50 states. Book fairs provide children access to hundreds of popular, quality books and educational materials, increase student reading and help book fair organizers raise funds for the purchase of school library and classroom books, supplies and equipment. Book fairs have traditionally been weeklong events where children and families peruse and purchase their favorite books together. The Company typically delivers book fairs product from its warehouses to schools principally by a fleet of Company-owned and leased vehicles. Sales and customer service representatives, working from the Company s regional offices, distribution facilities and national distribution facility in Missouri, along with local area field representatives, provide support to book fair organizers. Physical book fairs are conducted by school personnel, volunteers and parent-teacher organizations, from which the schools may receive either books, supplies and equipment or a portion of the proceeds from every book fair. 
 
 Effective June 1, 2023, the Company has combined the school-based book fairs and book clubs businesses into the newly formed reading events business. 
 
 Trade 
 
 Scholastic is a leading publisher of children s books sold through bookstores, on-line retailers and mass merchandisers primarily in the United States. Scholastic s original publications include Harry Potter , The Hunger Games , The Bad Guys , The Baby-Sitters Club , The Magic School Bus , Captain Underpants , Dog Man , Wings of Fire , Cat Kid Comic Club , I Survived , Goosebumps and Clifford The Big Red Dog , and licensed properties such as Peppa Pig and Pokemon . In addition, Klutz and Make Believe Ideas publish and create books plus and novelty products for children, including Klutz titles such as Ink and Paint Manga, Mini Clay World Puppy Treat Truck, and LEGO Race Cars and titles in the Never Touch series from Make Believe Ideas. 
 
 The Company s trade organization focuses on publishing, marketing and selling books to bookstores, on-line retailers, mass merchandisers, specialty sales outlets and other book retailers, and also supplies books for the Company s proprietary school channels. The Company maintains a talented and experienced creative staff that constantly seeks to attract, develop and retain the best children s authors and illustrators. The Company believes that its trade publishing staff, combined with the Company s reputation and proprietary school distribution channels, provides a significant competitive advantage, evidenced by numerous bestsellers over the past two decades. Top selling new release titles in the trade division during fiscal 2023 included Dog Man #11: Twenty Thousand Fleas Under the Sea, Cat Kid Comic Club: Collaborations, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix: The Illustrated Edition, Wings of Fire Graphix #6: Moon Rising, The Baby-Sitters Club Graphic Novel #13: Mary Anne's Bad Luck Mystery and Nick and Charlie: A Heartstopper TM Novella. 

2 

Also included in the Company's trade organization are Weston Woods Studios, Inc. ("Weston Woods") and Scholastic Audio, as well as Scholastic Entertainment Inc. ("SEI"). Weston Woods creates audiovisual adaptations of classic children's picture books distributed through the school and retail markets. Scholastic Audio provides audiobook productions of popular children's titles. SEI is responsible for exploiting the Company's film and television assets, which include a large television programming library based on the Company's properties, and for developing new programming. During fiscal 2023, the Company produced the animated series "Eva the Owlet," based on the Owl Diaries TM books, which was released on AppleTV+ in March 2023. 
 
 EDUCATION SOLUTIONS 
 
 (22.7 of fiscal 2023 revenues) 
 
 The Education Solutions segment includes the publication and distribution to schools and libraries of children s books, other print and on-line reference, non-fiction and fiction focused products, classroom magazines and classroom materials for literacy instruction, as well as consulting services and related products supporting professional development for teachers and school and district administrators, including professional books, coaching, workshops and seminars which in combination cover grades pre-K to 12 in the United States. 
 
 Classroom Libraries and Collections 
 The Company is a leading provider of classroom libraries and paperback collections, including best-selling titles, to individual teachers and other educators and schools and school district customers. Scholastic helps schools build classroom and library collections with high quality, award-winning books for every grade, reading level and multicultural background, including the Company s Rising Voices Library offering, which meets the increasing demand for culturally responsive content and instruction. In addition, the Company provides books to students for summer reading through its Grab and Go reading packs. 
 
 Instructional Products and Programs 
 Scholastic serves customer needs with customized support for literacy instruction, by providing comprehensive core and supplemental literacy and reading programs which include print and digital content as well as providing assessment tools. These materials are designed to support instruction-based teaching and learning, and are generally purchased by district and school leadership, both directly from the Company and through teacher stores and booksellers. The Company s offerings include comprehensive reading programs such as Scholastic Bookroom and Guided Reading , early childhood programs such as PreK On My Way TM and comprehensive literacy programs such as Scholastic Literacy TM . In addition, the Company offers summer learning products to provide students with increased access to books and learning opportunities over the summer. During fiscal 2023, the Company acquired Learning Ovations, Inc., a U.S.-based education technology business and developer of a literacy assessment and instructional system, and integrated the acquired technology into its new K-3 phonic program, Ready4Reading TM , which was launched in June 2023. 
 
 Teaching Resources and Professional Learning 
 The Company provides a variety of resources to teachers and school leadership including lesson planning, reading management, classroom management, classroom organization, and other instructional resources. These products are available on the Company's on-line teacher store (www.scholastic.com/teacherstore), which provides professional books and other educational materials to teachers and other educators. Professional consulting services are also provided to support academic leadership with training on a multitude of topics, ranging from product implementation to engaging with families and communities. 
 
 Literacy Initiatives 
 The Company provides books to community-based organizations and other groups engaged in literacy initiatives through Scholastic Family and Community Engagement (FACE) TM . The Company also partners with mission-driven organizations to support literacy by increasing children's access to books through the Scholastic Literacy Partners program. 
 Scholastic Magazines+ TM 
 Scholastic is the leading publisher of classroom magazines, Scholastic Magazines+ TM . Teachers in grades pre-K to 12 use the Company s 33 classroom magazines, including Scholastic News , Scholastic Scope , Storyworks , Let's Find Out and Junior Scholastic , to supplement formal learning programs by bringing subjects of current interest into the classroom, including current events, literature, math, science, social studies and foreign languages. These offerings provide schools with substantial non-fiction material, which is required to meet new higher educational standards. Each magazine has its own website with online digital resources that supplement the print materials, as well as providing access to the magazine in a digital format. A "digital only" subscription to the magazine is also offered. 
 
 3 

Scholastic s classroom magazine circulation in the United States in fiscal 2023 was approximately 13.3 million, with approximately 80 of the circulation in grades pre-K to 6. The majority of magazines purchased are paid for with school or district funds, with parents and teachers paying for the balance. 
 Sponsored Programs 
 The Company works with state partners to provide books to eligible students, generally those reading below grade level, at no cost to the student. The books are purchased with state funds and typically shipped directly to students homes. 
 
 INTERNATIONAL 
 (16.4 of fiscal 2023 revenues) 
 
 General 
 
 The International segment includes the publication and distribution of products and services outside the United States by the Company s international operations, and its export and foreign rights businesses. 
 
 Scholastic has operations in Major Markets, which include Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand, as well as in India, Singapore and other parts of Asia including Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea and Japan. The Company has branches in the United Arab Emirates and Colombia, a business in China that supports English language learning and also sells products in approximately international locations through its export business. The Company s international operations have original trade and educational publishing programs; distribute children s books, digital educational resources and other materials through school-based book clubs, school-based book fairs and trade channels; and produce and distribute magazines and on-line subscription services. Many of the Company s international operations also have their own export and foreign rights licensing programs and are book publishing licensees for major media properties. Original books published by many of these operations have received awards for excellence in children s literature. In Asia, the Company also operates a franchise program for tutorial centers that provide English language training to students, primarily in China. 
 
 Canada 
 
 Scholastic Canada, founded in 1957, is a leading publisher and distributor of English and French language children s books in Canada. Scholastic Canada is the largest operator of school-based marketing channels in Canada and is one of the leading suppliers of original or licensed children s books to the Canadian trade market. Since 1965, Scholastic Canada has also produced quality Canadian-authored books and educational materials, including an early reading program sold to schools for grades K to 6. 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Scholastic UK, founded in 1964, is the largest operator of school-based marketing channels in the United Kingdom and is a publisher and one of the leading suppliers of original or licensed children s books to the United Kingdom trade market. Scholastic UK also publishes supplemental educational materials, including professional books for teachers. 
 
 Australia 
 
 Scholastic Australia, founded in 1968, is the largest operator of school-based marketing channels in Australia, reaching approximately 90 of the country s primary schools. Scholastic Australia also publishes quality children s books supplying the Australian trade market. In addition, Scholastic Australia holds an equity method investment in a publisher and distributor of children's books. 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 Scholastic New Zealand, founded in 1962, is the largest children s book publisher and the leading book distributor to schools in New Zealand. Through its school-based book clubs and book fairs channels, Scholastic New Zealand reaches approximately 90 of the country s primary schools. In addition, Scholastic New Zealand publishes quality children s books supplying the New Zealand trade market. 

4 

Asia 
 
 The Company s Asian operations consist of initiatives for educational publishing programs based out of Singapore. In addition, the Company operates school-based marketing channels throughout Asia; publishes original titles in English and Hindi languages in India, including specialized curriculum books for local schools; conducts reading improvement programs inside local schools in the Philippines; and operates a franchise program for English language tutorial centers in China in cooperation with local partners, certain of which were temporarily closed during fiscal 2023 to limit the spread of the coronavirus. All tutorial centers were open as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Foreign Rights and Export 
 
 The Company licenses the rights to select Scholastic titles in 65 languages to other publishing companies around the world. The Company s export business sells educational materials, digital educational resources and children s books to schools, libraries, bookstores and other book distributors in approximately international locations that are not otherwise directly serviced by Scholastic subsidiaries. The Company also partners with governments and non-governmental agencies to create and distribute books to public schools in developing countries. 
 
 PRODUCTION AND DISTRIBUTION 
 
 The Company s books, magazines and other materials are manufactured by the Company with the assistance of third parties under contracts entered into through arms-length negotiations and competitive bidding. As appropriate, the Company enters into multi-year agreements that guarantee specified volumes in exchange for favorable pricing terms. Paper is purchased directly from paper mills and other third-party sources. 
 
 In the United States, the Company mainly processes and fulfills orders for school-based book clubs, trade, reference and non-fiction products, educational products and export orders from its primary warehouse and distribution facility in Jefferson City, Missouri. In connection with its trade business, the Company may fulfill product orders directly from printers to customers. Magazine orders are processed at the Jefferson City facility and the magazines are shipped directly from printers. School-based book fairs are fulfilled through a network of warehouses across the country, as well as from the Company's Jefferson City warehouse and distribution facility. The Company s international school-based book clubs, school-based book fairs, trade and educational operations use distribution systems similar to those employed in the United States. 
 
 CONTENT ACQUISITION 
 
 Access to intellectual property or content Content for the Company s product offerings is critical to the success of the Company s operations. The Company incurs significant costs for the acquisition and development of Content for its product offerings. These costs are often deferred and recognized as the Company generates revenues derived from the benefits of these costs. These costs include the following: 
 
 Prepublication costs - Prepublication costs are incurred in all of the Company s reportable segments. Prepublication costs include costs incurred to create the art, prepress, editorial, digital conversion and other content required for the creation of the master copy of a book or other media. 
 
 Royalty advances - Royalty advances are incurred in all of the Company s reportable segments, but are most prevalent in the Children s Book Publishing and Distribution segment and enable the Company to obtain contractual commitments from authors to produce Content. The Company regularly provides authors with advances against expected future royalty payments, often before the books are written. Upon publication and sale of the books or other media, the authors generally will not receive further royalty payments until the contractual royalties earned from sales of such books or other media exceed such advances. The Company values its position in the market as the largest publisher and distributor of children's books in obtaining Content, and the Company s experienced editorial staff aggressively acquires Content from both new and established authors. 
 
 Acquired intangible assets - The Company may acquire fully or partially developed Content from third parties via acquisitions of entities or the purchase of the rights to Content outright. 

5 

SEASONALITY 
 
 The Company s Children s Book Publishing and Distribution school-based book club and book fair channels and most of its Education Solutions businesses operate on a school-year basis; therefore, the Company s business is highly seasonal. As a result, the Company s revenues in the first and third quarters of the fiscal year generally are lower than its revenues in the other two fiscal quarters. Typically, school-based channels and magazine revenues are minimal in the first quarter of the fiscal year as schools are not in session. Education channel revenues are generally higher in the fourth quarter. Trade sales can vary throughout the year due to varying release dates of published titles. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 The markets for children s books, educational products and entertainment materials are highly competitive. Competition is based on the quality and range of materials made available, price, promotion and customer service, as well as the nature of the distribution channels. Competitors include numerous other book, ebook, library, reference material and educational publishers, including of core and supplemental educational materials in both print and digital formats, distributors and other resellers (including over the internet) of children s books and educational materials, national publishers of classroom and professional magazines with substantial circulation, and distributors of products and services on the internet. In the United States, competitors include regional and local school-based book fair operators and other fund raising activities in schools and bookstores, as well as one other competitor operating on a national level. Competition may increase to the extent that other entities enter the market and to the extent that current competitors or new competitors develop and introduce new materials that compete directly with the products distributed by the Company or develop or expand competitive sales channels. The Company believes that its position as both a publisher and distributor are unique to certain of the markets in which it competes, principally in the context of its children s book business. 
 
 COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS 
 
 As an international publisher and distributor of books, Scholastic aggressively utilizes the intellectual property protections of the United States and other countries in order to maintain its exclusive rights to identify and distribute many of its products. Accordingly, SCHOLASTIC is a trademark registered in the United States and in a number of countries where the Company conducts business or otherwise distributes its products. The Corporation s principal operating subsidiary in the United States, Scholastic Inc., and the Corporation s international subsidiaries, through Scholastic Inc., have registered and/or have pending applications to register in relevant territories trademarks for important services and programs. All of the Company s publications, including books and magazines, are subject to copyright protection both in the United States and internationally. The Company also obtains domain name protection for its internet domains. The Company seeks to obtain the broadest possible intellectual property rights for its products, and because inadequate legal and technological protections for intellectual property and proprietary rights could adversely affect operating results, the Company vigorously defends those rights against infringement. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) 
 
 Environmental Responsibility 
 Paper consumption is a significant environmental concern for the Company and although the Company creates engaging digital content, educators and parents agree that physical books are the best way to engage and teach young children how to read and become avid readers into adulthood. The Company maintains a procurement policy that extends purchasing preference to products and suppliers that are aligned with the Company's environmental goals such as sustainable forestry practices, efficient use of resources, including the use of recycled paper and materials, clean manufacturing practices, economic viability and credible reporting and verification. The Company strives for all paper manufactured for Scholastic product to be free of unacceptable sources of fiber as described by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) controlled wood standard. The Company has a preference for FSC-certified paper and continues to maintain a minimum goal of 60 of paper purchases for publications to be FSC-certified. 
 
 Social Responsibility 
 Promoting literacy has been at the core of Scholastic's mission since the founding of the Company over 100 years ago. The Company's business is focused around providing engaging educational content to help improve childhood literacy. In the United States, during fiscal 2023, the Company distributed over 500 million books and educational materials and, through the book fairs channel, schools earned over 210 million in proceeds in cash and incentive program credits primarily used for books, supplies and other classroom-related materials. The Company also 
 
 6 

worked with more than 85 partners to sponsor over 700 books fairs in high-need schools, ensuring that each child that participated in these fairs left with a book at no cost. 
 
 In addition to its core business, the Company supports the following initiatives and programs: 
 The Scholastic Possible Fund, established by the Company to provide donations of quality books to children in underserved communities and in communities recovering from crises or natural disasters with the goal of improving global literacy, donating approximately 5 million books and over 500,000 in cash to partners such as Save the Children, National Book Foundation, Toys for Tots, Share the Magic Foundation, Hindi's Libraries and Barbershop Books in fiscal 2023. 
 providing teachers with a free platform, ClassroomsCount , to raise funds for books and reading materials for their classrooms. 
 serving as the presenting sponsor of the Scholastic Art Writing Awards, the largest creative scholarship program in the country, providing direct scholarships to approximately 100 students in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Governance 
 Scholastic selects board members with diverse and relevant backgrounds to provide the right expertise and oversight to management. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors HRCC") provides oversight on human capital matters. The HRCC is responsible for evaluating executive compensation, senior management selection, retention and succession planning and human resources strategies in respect to general employee benefit programs (including retirement plan programs) as well as talent management. For detailed background information on senior management and the Board of Directors visit the Company's "About Us" section of the Scholastic home page https://www.scholastic.com/home or use the following link https://www.scholastic.com/aboutscholastic/senior-management/. 
 
 Human Capital 
 As of May 31, 2023, the Company had approximately 6,760 employees, of which 5,100 were located in the United States and 1,660 outside the United States. Globally, approximately 74 of its employees are employed on a full-time basis, 18 part-time, and 8 seasonal. The seasonal employees are largely associated with the school-based businesses which are dependent on the fall and spring seasons when schools are in session. 
 
 The table below represents the approximate number of employees by business channel and function. 
 
 Full-time Part-time Seasonal Total Central Functions 1 
 720 10 730 Primary U.S. Warehouse 1,050 150 60 1,260 Book Fairs Warehouses 740 700 250 1,690 Book Fairs 440 20 50 510 Book Clubs 60 60 Trade 220 10 230 Education Solutions 530 90 620 International 950 100 20 1,070 International Warehouses 270 130 190 590 Total 4,980 1,210 570 6,760 1 Includes functions such as finance, accounting, executive, information technology, human resources, legal, and inventory demand planning. 

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging 
 The Company is committed to diverse representation in the books, authors and illustrators that it publishes in its trade and education groups. The Company offers age-appropriate books and content featuring storylines and characters that positively represent a wide range of cultures, ethnicities and race, sexual orientation and gender identity, individuals with physical, mental, and emotional exceptionalities, other historically underrepresented groups, and portrayals of varying family structures. The Company applies this same commitment to its selection process for book fairs and books clubs when reviewing content from partner publishers. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, the Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging Task Force was created to advance the Company's goals in three priority focus areas: People and Culture focusing on creating an inclusive workplace culture, enabling ongoing internal education, and increasing overall staff diversity; Publishing and Education focusing on promoting equity, social justice, representation and civic understanding in the classroom and in the world; and Procurement and Purchasing with a focus on expanding supplier diversity and sourcing from minority-owned businesses. 
 
 7 

The Company will continue to build on its credo and commitment to the individual worth of each and every child, regardless of race, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, economic, political, attitudinal, neurodiverse, religious or demographic background and to inspire everyone who works at the Company with contemporary employee policies and programs dedicated to creating a safe, inclusive environment where every employee can be heard and feel respected. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 The Company is committed to helping its employees and their families lead healthy productive lives. The Company's benefits packages and wellness programs help its employees succeed at work and at home. The Company offers comprehensive compensation and benefits packages designed to attract, retain and recognize its employees and is committed to achieving pay equity and aligning rewards to performance. The Company's benefits program provides an array of flexible plans to meet the needs of eligible employees, which includes, among other things, medical, dental and vision plans, health management and incentive programs, flexible spending arrangements, life and disability insurance, retirement plans, work/life balance programs, 401k contribution matching, an employee discount program including discounts on Scholastic products and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). The ESPP provides eligible employees the opportunity to purchase Scholastic common stock at a discount. The Company also provides eligible employees paid time off, in addition to volunteer hours to enable involvement in community affairs. 
 
 Learning and Development 
 Successful execution of the Company's strategy is dependent on attracting, retaining and developing employees and members of its management teams. The Company's learning and development program enhances current and future organizational effectiveness by identifying skill gaps and assessing needs that can be supported by providing high quality educational and developmental programs that are strategic, measurable, effective, and serve to increase employees skills, knowledge, and effectiveness. In addition to annual trainings on key topics including compliance, ethics and integrity and information security, employees have access to the Scholastic Learning Center, a learning portal that includes self-paced online courses, books, and videos, as well as virtual and live instructor-led opportunities. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 The safety and well-being of the Company's employees, customers, and community is a top priority. The Company has a safety program in place that focuses on policies and training programs to prevent injuries and incidents in the distribution centers. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has implemented continuing additional safety measures in all its offices and facilities, including work from home flexibility for non-site specific roles, enhanced cleaning protocols, and health monitoring and temperature screening of employees as necessary. 

8 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The following individuals have been determined by the Board of Directors to be the executive officers of the Company. Each such individual serves in his or her position with Scholastic until such person s successor has been elected or appointed and qualified or until such person s earlier resignation or removal. 
 
 Name Age Employed by Registrant Since Previous Position(s) Held as of July 21, 2023 Peter Warwick 71 2021 President and Chief Executive Officer (since 2021); Board of Directors Member (since 2014); Chief People Officer of Thomson Reuters (2012 - 2018). Kenneth J. Cleary 58 2008 Chief Financial Officer (since 2017); Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (2014-2017); Vice President, External Reporting and Compliance (2008-2014). Andrew S. Hedden 82 2008 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (since 2008). Iole Lucchese 56 1991 Chair of the Board of Directors (since 2021); Executive Vice President (since 2016); Chief Strategy Officer (since 2014); President, Scholastic Entertainment (since 2018); President, Scholastic Canada (2016). Sasha Quinton 45 2020 Executive Vice President and President, School Reading Events (since 2023), Executive Vice President and President, Scholastic Book Fairs (2020-2023); Vice President GMM, Bookstore, Barnes and Noble, Inc. (2019); Senior Vice President, Marketing and Procurement, ReaderLink Distribution Services (2017-2019); Vice President, Marketing and Procurement, ReaderLink Distribution Services (2014-2017). Rosamund M. Else-Mitchell 53 2021 President, Education Solutions (since 2021); Houghton Mifflin Harcourt - Chief Learning Officer General Manager (2017 -2019), Executive Vice President, Professional Services (2015-2019). 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 The Corporation s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are accessible at the Investor Relations portion of its website (scholastic.com) and are available, without charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Company also posts the dates of its upcoming scheduled financial press releases, telephonic investor calls and investor presentations on the Events and Presentations portion of its website at least five days prior to the event. The Company s investor calls are open to the public and remain available through the Company s website for at least 45 days thereafter. 
 
 The public may also read and copy materials that the Company files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information, as well as copies of the Company s filings, from the Office of Investor Education and Advocacy by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an internet site, at www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 9 

Item 1A | Risk Factors 
 
 Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other documents that the Corporation files with the SEC are risks that should be considered in evaluating the Corporation s common stock, as well as risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual future results of the Company to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements contained in this Report and in other public statements the Company makes. Additionally, because of the following risks and uncertainties, as well as other variables which may affect the Company s operating results in the conduct of its business, the Company s past financial performance should not be considered an indicator of future performance. It is further noted that the Company s operating results for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2021, and to a lesser extent the fiscal years ended May 31, 2022 and 2023, also reflect the direct effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the businesses of the Company during those fiscal years. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 
 If we fail to maintain strong relationships with our authors, illustrators and other creative talent, as well as to develop relationships with new creative talent, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company s business, in particular the trade publishing and media portions of the business, is highly dependent on maintaining strong relationships with the authors, illustrators and other creative talent who produce the products and services that are sold to its customers. Any overall weakening of these relationships, or the failure to develop successful new relationships, could have an adverse impact on the Company s business and financial performance. 
 
 If we fail to adapt to new purchasing patterns or trends, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company s business is affected significantly by changes in customer purchasing patterns or trends in, as well as the underlying strength of, the trade, educational and media markets for children. In particular, the Company s educational publishing business may be adversely affected by budgetary restraints and other changes in educational funding as a result of new policies which could be implemented at the federal level or otherwise resulting from new legislation or regulatory action at the federal, state or local level, or by changes in the procurement process, to which the Company may be unable to adapt successfully. In addition, there are many competing demands for educational funds, and there can be no guarantee that the Company will be successful in continuing to obtain sales of its educational programs and materials from any available funding. Further, changes in educational practices affecting structure or content of educational materials or requiring adaption to new learning approaches, particularly in grades pre-K through 6, as well as those which may arise from new legislation or policies at the state or local level directed at content or teaching practices and materials, to which the Company is unable to successfully adapt could result in a loss of business adversely affecting the Company's business and financial performance. In addition, in a highly politicized environment, the content of some of the product being sold by the Company could become controversial, negatively impacting sales made to schools, through partnerships with government agencies or through sponsorships and funding programs. Within the children's book publishing business, the Company's financial performance could be adversely affected by the adaptability of its U.S. book clubs channel. The Company has taken a new holistic approach to serving its customers as part of the newly formed school reading events division and the Company's ability to execute on new customer-centric strategies and operational improvements may not align with customer purchasing behaviors which could negatively impact operating results. 
 
 Increases in certain operating costs and expenses, which are beyond our control and can significantly affect our profitability, could adversely affect our operating performance. 
 
 The Company s major expense categories include employee compensation, printing, paper and distribution (such as postage, shipping and fuel) costs. Compensation costs are influenced by general economic factors, including those affecting costs of health insurance, postretirement benefits and any trends specific to the employee skill sets that the Company requires. Current shortages for warehouse labor, driver labor and other required skills, as well as labor supply chain issues, such as the impact of union strikes, may cause the Company's costs to increase beyond increases normally expected. 
 
 Paper prices fluctuate based on worldwide demand and supply for paper in general, as well as for the specific types of paper used by the Company. The Company is also subject to inflationary pressures on printing, paper, transportation and labor costs. While the Company has taken steps to manage and budget for certain expected operating cost increases, if there is a significant disruption in the supply of paper or a significant increase in paper costs, or in its shipping or fuel costs, beyond those currently anticipated, which would generally be beyond the control of the Company, or if the Company s strategies to try to manage these costs, including additional cost savings initiatives, are ineffective, the Company s results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, supplier bankruptcy may cause price increases for the Company. 
 
 10 

We maintain an experienced and dedicated employee base that executes the Company s strategies. Failure to attract, retain and develop this employee base could result in difficulty with executing our strategy. 
 
 The Company s employees, notably its senior executives and editorial staff members, have substantial experience in the publishing and education markets. In addition, the Company continues in the process of implementing a strategic information technology transformation process, requiring diverse levels of relevant expertise and experience. If the Company were unable to continue to adequately maintain and develop a workforce of this nature meeting the foregoing needs, including the development of new skills in the context of a rapidly changing business environment created by technology, involving new business processes and increased access to data and data analytics, it could negatively impact the Company s operations and growth prospects. Additionally, high industry-wide demand for truck drivers may impact the Company's ability to hire and retain adequate staffing levels to deliver book fairs in the number anticipated. 
 
 Failure of third party providers to provide contracted outsourcing of business processes and information technology services could cause business interruptions and could increase the costs of these services to the Company. 
 
 The Company outsources business processes to reduce complexity and increase efficiency for activities such as distribution, manufacturing, product development, transactional processing, information technologies and various administrative functions. Increasingly, the Company is engaging third parties to provide SaaS, which can reduce the Company s internal execution risk, but increases the Company s dependency upon third parties to execute business critical information technology tasks. If SaaS providers are unable to provide these services or outsource providers fail to execute their contracted functionality, or if such providers experience a substantial data breach, the Company could experience damage to its reputation and disruptions to its distribution and other business activities and may incur higher costs. 
 
 Risks Related to Competition 
 
 If we cannot anticipate technology trends and develop new products or adapt to new technologies responding to changing customer preferences, this could adversely affect our revenues or profitability. 
 
 The Company operates in highly competitive markets that are subject to rapid change, including, in particular, changes in customer preferences and changes and advances in relevant technologies. There are substantial uncertainties associated with the Company s efforts to develop successful trade publishing, educational, and media products and services, including digital products and services, for its customers, as well as to adapt its print and other materials to new digital technologies, such as the internet cloud technologies, tablets, mobile and other devices and school-based technologies and uncertainties involving the use of artificial intelligence in connection with the foregoing. The Company makes significant investments in new products and services that may not be profitable, or whose profitability may be significantly lower than the Company anticipates or has experienced historically. In particular, in the context of the Company s current focus on key digital opportunities, the markets are continuing to develop and the Company may be unsuccessful in establishing itself as a significant factor in any relevant market segment which does develop. Many aspects of markets which could develop for children and schools, such as the nature of the relevant software and devices or hardware, the size of the market, relevant methods of delivery and relevant content, as well as pricing models, are still evolving and will, most likely, be subject to change on a recurring basis until a pattern develops and becomes more defined. This could specifically impact the Company's ability to execute on a digital and print literacy solution, which requires a multi-year investment, through internal development, third party providers and/or acquisitions. In addition, the Company faces market risks associated with systems development and service delivery in its evolving school ordering and ecommerce businesses, as well as in responding to changes in how schools plan to utilize technology for virtual or remote learning and the potential impact on the demand for printed materials in schools. 
 
 Our financial results would suffer if we fail to successfully differentiate our offerings and meet market needs in school-based book fairs and book clubs, two of our core businesses. 
 
 The Company s school-based book fairs and book clubs businesses, which have now been combined to form the Company's reading events business, produce a substantial amount of the Company s revenues. The Company is subject to the risks that it will not successfully continue to develop and execute new promotional strategies for the school-based book fairs and book clubs components of the reading events business in response to future customer trends or technological changes or that it will not otherwise meet market needs in this newly combined business in a timely or cost-effective fashion. The book clubs component also relies on attracting and retaining new sponsor- 
 
 11 

teachers to promote and support the distribution of its offerings. If the Company cannot attract new millennial and younger teachers and meet the changing preferences and demands of these teachers, its revenues and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 
 The Company has differentiated itself from competitors by providing curated offerings in both of the book clubs and book fairs components of the reading events business designed to make reading attractive for children, in furtherance of its mission as a champion of literacy. Competition from mass market and on-line distributors using customer-specific curation tools could reduce this differentiation, posing a risk to the Company's results. 
 
 The competitive pressures we face in our businesses could adversely affect our financial performance and growth prospects. 
 
 The Company is subject to significant competition, including from other trade and educational publishers and media, entertainment and internet companies, as well as retail and internet distributors, many of which are substantially larger than the Company and have much greater resources. To the extent the Company cannot meet challenges from existing or new competitors and develop new product offerings to meet customer preferences or needs, the Company s revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 
 In its educational publishing business, the Company invests in various literacy program solutions, including both digital and print products, covering grades pre-K through 6 which can be in direct competition with traditional basal textbook offerings, as well as new digital instruction offerings with associated assessment tools, to meet the perceived needs of the modern curriculum. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in having school districts adopt the Company's new literacy program solutions in preference to basal textbooks or new digital instruction products offered by others or be successful in state adoptions, nor, in the case of basal textbook publishers, that such publishers will not successfully adapt their business models to the development of new forms of core curriculum, which could have an adverse effect on the return on the Company s investments in this area, as well as on its financial performance and growth prospects. Traditional basal textbook publishers also generally maintain larger sales forces than the Company, and sell across several academic disciplines, allowing them a larger presence than the Company. Additionally, demand for many of the Company s product offerings, particularly books sold through school channels, is subject to price sensitivity. Failure to maintain a competitive pricing model could reduce revenues and profitability. 
 
 Changes in the mix of our major customers in our trade distribution channel or in their purchasing patterns may affect the profitability of our trade publishing business. 
 
 The Company s distribution channels include online retailers and ecommerce sites, digital delivery platforms and expanding social media and other marketing platforms. An increased concentration of retailer power has also resulted in the increased importance of mass merchandisers as well as of publishing best sellers to meet consumer demand. Currently, the Company s top five trade customers make up approximately 77 of the Company s U.S. trade business and 14 of the Company s total revenues. Adverse changes in the mix of the major customers of the trade business, including the type of customer, which may also be engaged in a competitive business, or in their purchasing patterns or financial condition or the nature of their distribution arrangements with the trade business including any requirements related to ESG with which the Company must comply, more specifically those related to environmental sustainability, could negatively affect the profitability of the Company s trade business and the Company s financial performance. 
 
 The inability to obtain and publish best-selling new titles could cause our future results to decline in comparison to historical results. 
 
 The Company invests in authors and illustrators for its trade publication business, and has a history of publishing hit titles. The inability to publish best-selling new titles in future years could negatively impact the Company. 
 
 In addition, competition among electronic and print book retailers, including the decrease in the number of independent booksellers, could decrease prices for new title releases, as well as the number of outlets for book sales. The growing use of self-publishing technologies by authors also increases competition and could result in the decreased use of traditional publishing services. The effects of any of the foregoing factors could have an adverse impact on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operation. 

12 

Risks Related to Information Technology and Systems 
 
 Privacy breaches and other cyber security risks related to our business could negatively affect our reputation, credibility and business. 
 
 In certain of its businesses the Company holds or has access to personal data, including that of customers or received from schools. Adverse publicity stemming from a data breach, whether or not valid, could reduce demand for the Company s products or adversely affect its relationship with teachers or educators, impacting participation in the book fairs or book clubs components of the Company's reading events business or decisions to purchase educational materials or programs produced by the Company's Education Solutions segment. Further, a failure to adequately protect personal data, including that of customers or children, or other data security failure, such as cyber-attacks from third parties, could lead to penalties, significant remediation costs and reputational damage, including loss of future business. 
 
 Failure of one or more of our information technology platforms could affect our ability to execute our operating strategy. 
 
 The Company relies on a variety of information technology platforms to execute its operations, including human resources, payroll, finance, order-to-cash, procurement, vendor payment, inventory management, distribution and content management systems as well as its internal operating systems. Many of these systems are integrated via internally developed interfaces and modifications. Failure of one or more systems could lead to operating inefficiencies or disruptions and a resulting decline in revenue or profitability. As the Company continues the implementation of its new enterprise-wide customer and content management systems and the migration to software as a service ("SaaS") and cloud-based technology solutions, in its initiatives to integrate its separate legacy platforms into a cohesive enterprise-wide system, there can be no assurance that it will be successful in its efforts or that the implementation of the remaining stages of these initiatives in the Company's global operations will not involve disruptions in its systems or processes having a short term adverse impact on its operations and ability to service its customers. 
 
 Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 
 Our reputation is one of our most important assets, and any adverse publicity or adverse events, such as a violation of privacy laws or regulations, could cause significant reputational damage and financial loss. 
 
 The businesses of the Company focus on children s reading, learning and education, and its key relationships are with educators, teachers, parents and children. In particular, the Company believes that, in selecting its products, teachers, educators and parents rely on the Company s reputation for quality books and educational materials and programs appropriate for children. Negative publicity, either through traditional media or through social media, could tarnish this relationship. 
 
 The Company is subject to privacy laws and regulations in the conduct of its business in the United States and in other jurisdictions in which it conducts its international operations, many of which vary significantly, relating to the collection and use of personal information, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, which became enforceable on May 25, 2018, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, which became effective in January 2020. In addition, the Company is also subject to the regulatory requirements of the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") in the United States relating to access to, and the use of information received from, children in respect to the Company s on-line offerings. Since the businesses of the Company are primarily centered on children, failures of the Company to comply with the requirements of COPPA and similar laws in particular, as well as failures to comply generally with applicable privacy laws and regulations, as referred to above, could lead to significant reputational damage and other penalties and costs, including loss of future business. 
 
 Failure to meet the demands of regulators, and the associated high cost of compliance with regulations, as well as failure to enforce compliance with our Code of Ethics and other policies, could negatively impact us. 
 
 The Company operates in multiple countries and is subject to different regulations throughout the world. In the United States, the Company is regulated by the Internal Revenue Service, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Trade Commission and other regulating bodies. Failure to comply with these regulators, including providing these regulators with accurate financial and statistical information that often is subject to estimates and assumptions, or the high cost of complying with relevant regulations, including a significant increase in new regulations resulting from changes in the regulatory environment, could negatively impact the Company. The Company is also subject to the risk that it is unable to comply with the unstandardized, rapidly-changing environmental requirements imposed internationally by local governments, including those related to measuring and reporting on the impact its business 
 
 13 

has on the environment, which could negatively impact the Company's ability to conduct business in the related country if not met. 
 
 In addition, the decentralized and global nature of the Company s operations makes it more difficult to communicate and monitor compliance with the Company s Code of Ethics and other material Company policies and to assure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, some of which have global applicability, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in the United States and the UK Bribery Act in the United Kingdom. Failures to comply with the Company s Code of Ethics and violations of such laws or regulations, including through employee misconduct, could result in significant liabilities for the Company, including criminal liability, fines and civil litigation risk, and result in damage to the reputation of the Company. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 The loss of or failure to obtain rights to intellectual property material to our businesses would adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 The Company s products generally comprise intellectual property delivered through a variety of media. The ability to achieve anticipated results depends in part on the Company s ability to defend its intellectual property against infringement, as well as the breadth of rights obtained. The Company s operating results could be adversely affected by inadequate legal and technological protections for its intellectual property and proprietary rights in some jurisdictions, markets and media, as well as by the costs of dealing with claims alleging infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, including claims involving business method patents in the ecommerce and internet areas and the licensing of photographs in the trade and educational publishing areas, and the Company s revenues could be constrained by limitations on the rights that the Company is able to secure to exploit its intellectual property in different media and distribution channels, as well as geographic limitations on the exploitation of such rights. 
 
 Risks Related to External Factors 
 
 Because we procure products and sell our products and services in foreign countries, changes in currency exchange rates, as well as other risks and uncertainties, could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 
 
 The Company has various operating subsidiaries domiciled in foreign countries. In addition, the Company sells products and services to customers located in foreign countries where it does not have operating subsidiaries, and a significant portion of the Company s revenues are generated from outside of the United States. The Company s business processes, including distribution, sales, sourcing of content, marketing and advertising, are, accordingly, subject to multiple national, regional and local laws, regulations and policies. The Company could be adversely affected by noncompliance with foreign laws, regulations and policies, including those pertaining to foreign rights and exportation. The Company is also exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and to business disruption caused by political, financial or economic instability or the occurrence of war or natural disasters in foreign countries. In addition, the Company and its foreign operations could be adversely impacted by a downturn in general economic conditions on a more global basis caused by general political instability or unrest or changes in global economic affiliations or conditions, such as inflation. Changes in international trade relations with foreign countries, such as increased tariffs and duties (including those imposed by the United States) could cause the Company's costs to rise, or its overseas revenues to decline. 
 
 Certain of our activities are subject to weather and natural disaster risks as well as other events outside our control, which could disrupt our operations or otherwise adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 The Company conducts certain of its businesses and maintains warehouse and office facilities in locations that are at risk of being negatively affected by severe weather and natural disaster events, including those caused by climate change, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, snowstorms, heat waves or earthquakes. Notably, much of the Company s domestic distribution facilities are located in central Missouri. A disruption of these or other facilities could impact the Company s school-based reading events business, as well as its trade and education businesses. Additionally, disruptions due to weather, natural disaster, epidemic and pandemic could result in school closures, resulting in reduced demand for the Company s products in its school channels during the affected periods. Further, the Company may not be able to achieve its book fair count goals and may be materially impacted if widespread pandemic-related closures occur this coming school year. Increases in school security associated with high profile school shootings and other tragic incidents could impact the accessibility to schools for the school book fairs component of the Company's reading events business. 

14 

We own certain significant real estate assets which are subject to various risks related to conditions affecting the real estate market. 
 
 The Company has direct ownership of certain significant real estate assets, in particular the Company s headquarters location in New York City, its primary distribution center in Jefferson City, Missouri and the UK facility in Warwickshire. The New York headquarters location serves a dual purpose as it also contains premium retail space that is or will be leased to retail tenants in order to generate rental income and cash flow. Accordingly, the Company is sensitive to various risk factors such as changes to real estate values and property taxes, pricing and demand for high end retail spaces in Soho, New York City, interest rates, cash flow of underlying real estate assets, supply and demand, and the credit worthiness of any retail tenants. There is also no guarantee that investment objectives for the retail component of the Company s real estate will be achieved. 
 
 Risks Related to Stock Ownership 
 
 Control of the Company resides in the Estate of our former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer through The Estate's ownership of Class A Stock, and the holders of the Common Stock generally have no voting rights with respect to transactions requiring stockholder approval. 
 
 The voting power of the Corporation's capital stock is vested exclusively in the holders of Class A Stock, except for the right of the holders of Common Stock to elect one-fifth of the Board of Directors and except as otherwise provided by law or as may be established in favor of any series of preferred stock that may be issued. The Estate of Richard Robinson, the former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, beneficially owns a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Stock and is able to elect up to four-fifths of the Corporation's Board of Directors and, without the approval of the Corporation's other stockholders, to effect or block other actions or transactions requiring stockholder approval, such as a merger, sale of substantially all assets or similar transaction. Iole Lucchese, Chair of the Board of Directors, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of the Company and President of Scholastic Entertainment, Inc., in her capacity as Scholastic special executor of the Estate under Mr. Robinson's will and revocable trust, controls the voting of the Estate's Class A Stock. 
 
 Note 
 
 The risk factors listed above should not be construed as exhaustive of all possible risks that the Company may face. Additional risks not currently known to the Company or that the Company does not consider to be significant at the present time could also impact the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements: 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements relating to future periods. Additional written and oral forward-looking statements may be made by the Company from time to time in SEC filings and otherwise. The Company cautions readers that results or expectations expressed by forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those relating to the Company s future business prospects and strategic plans, ecommerce and digital initiatives, new product introductions, strategies, new education standards and policies, goals, revenues, improved efficiencies, general costs, manufacturing costs, medical costs, potential cost savings, merit pay, operating margins, working capital, liquidity, capital needs, the cost and timing of capital projects, interest costs, cash flows and income, are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, due to factors including those noted in this Annual Report and other risks and factors identified from time to time in the Company s filings with the SEC. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Item 1B | Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

15 

Item 2 | Properties 
 As of May 31, 2023, the Company operated the following facilities: Location Primary Purpose Owned Square Footage Leased Square Footage Metropolitan NY Area 
 Principal offices 
 355,000 19,000 U.S. Various Locations (1) 
 Book Fairs warehouses 
 2,265,000 Jefferson City, MO Area Primary warehouse and distribution facility 1,459,000 30,000 International (2) 
 Warehouse and office space 236,000 975,000 (1) Consists of approximately 44 book fairs warehouses. (2) Consists of approximately 60 facilities in Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and Asia. 
 
 In regards to the Jefferson City, MO facility located at 6336 Algoa Road, the Company owns the warehouse, including office space, and related land of approximately 86 acres, in addition to two smaller warehouses in the vicinity, including office space, and the related land of approximately 76 acres. In regards to the Company's headquarters in Soho, New York City, the Company owns the land and buildings located at 555/557 Broadway with entrances facing Broadway and Mercer Street. There is leasable space within the Company's headquarters which is detailed in the table below. 
 
 Floor Primary Use Square Footage 1 Available for lease (1) 
 23,600 2 Available for lease (2) 
 36,100 3 Occupied by Scholastic; available for lease 37,800 4 Occupied by Scholastic; available for lease 37,100 5 to 12 (3) 
 Occupied by Scholastic 220,400 (1) The first floor is comprised of three rentable spaces with square footage of approximately 13,400, 7,500 and 2,700. Rentable space of approximately 20,900 sq ft was leased to tenants as of May 31, 2023 and the remaining space was leased subsequent to May, 31, 2023. 
 (2) Approximately 3,000 sq ft is leased to a tenant as of May 31, 2023. 
 (3) Includes the first floor lobby and sub-floors consisting of an auditorium, wellness and fitness center, mail room, storage, etc. 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company incurred capital expenditures of 1.8 million directly related to its headquarters location, which represents approximately 3 of total capital expenditures. During fiscal 2023, the Company recognized rental income of 7.1 million. The lease terms with the Company's tenants typically range from 10 to 15 years and, with respect to the 23,900 square footage leased as of May 31, 2023, the Company expects annualized straight-line rental income to total approximately 9.8 million. 
 The Company considers its properties adequate for its current needs. With respect to the Company s leased properties, no difficulties are anticipated in negotiating renewals as leases expire or in finding other satisfactory space, if current premises become unavailable. For further information concerning the Company s obligations under its leases, see Note 1, "Description of the Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," and Note 9, "Leases," of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Item 3 | Legal Proceedings 
 
 Various claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business are pending against the Company. The Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has occurred and the amount of such liability can be reasonably estimated. When only a range can be estimated, the most probable amount in the range is accrued unless no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, in which case the minimum amount in the range is accrued. Legal costs associated with litigation loss contingencies are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. The Company does not expect, in the case of those claims and lawsuits where a loss is considered probable or reasonably possible, after taking into account any amounts currently accrued, that the reasonably possible losses from such claims and lawsuits would have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. See Note 6, "Commitments and Contingencies," of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, "Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further discussion. 
 
 16 

Item 4 | Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 

17 

Part II 

Item 5 | Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information: Scholastic Corporation s Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (the "NASDAQ") under the symbol SCHL. Scholastic Corporation s Class A Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Class A Stock ), is convertible, at any time, into Common Stock on a share-for-share basis. There is no public trading market for the Class A Stock. 
 
 Holders: The number of holders of Class A Stock and Common Stock as of July 12, 2023 were 3 and approximately 21,200, respectively. 
 
 Dividends: On a quarterly basis, the Board of Directors considers the payment of cash dividends based upon its review of Company earnings, cash position and other relevant factors. On July 19, 2023, the Board of Directors, declared a regular cash dividend of 0.20 per Class A and Common share in respect of the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The dividend is payable on September 15, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 31, 2023. All dividends have been in compliance with the Company s debt covenants. 
 
 Share Purchases: During fiscal 2023, the Company repurchased 3,310,489 of its Common shares at an average price paid per share of 40.80 for a total cost of approximately 135.1 million. This included the purchase of 533,793 of its Common shares through a modified Dutch auction tender offer at a price of 40.00 per share for a total cost of 23.3 million, including related fees and expenses. See Note 14, "Treasury Stock," of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, "Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further details regarding this transaction. During fiscal 2022, the Company repurchased 870,258 of its Common shares at an average price paid per share of 38.39 for a total cost of approximately 33.4 million. This included a privately negotiated transaction with a related party for 300,000 Common shares at a 4.2 discount to market prices. See Note 21, "Related Party Transactions," of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details regarding this transaction. In addition, the Company entered into a privately negotiated transaction with a third party for the repurchase of 190,290 Common shares at a 4.0 discount to market prices. As of May 31, 2023, approximately 21.6 million remains available for future purchases of Common shares, which represents the amount remaining under the current 50.0 million Board authorization for Common share repurchases announced on March 22, 2023, which is available for further repurchases, from time to time as conditions allow, on the open market or through negotiated private transactions. Subsequent to May 31, 2023, the Board authorized an increase of 100.0 million for common stock repurchases, resulting in a current Board authorization of 119.2 million, which includes the remaining amount from the previous Board authorization less share repurchases of 2.4 million subsequent to May 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table provides information with respect to repurchases of shares of Common Stock by the Corporation during the three months ended May 31, 2023: 
 Date Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of shares (or approximate dollar value in millions) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (i) March 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023 199,095 37.65 199,095 70.7 April 1, 2023 through April 30, 2023 636,789 35.78 636,789 47.9 May 1, 2023 through May 31, 2023 657,720 39.93 657,720 21.6 Total 1,493,604 1,493,604 21.6 
 (i) Total represents the amount remaining under the current 50.0 million Board authorization for Common share repurchases announced on March 22, 2023, which is available for further repurchases, from time to time as conditions allow, on the open market or through negotiated private transactions. Subsequent to May 31, 2023, the Board authorized an additional 100.0 million, resulting in a current authorization of 119.2 million, for Common share repurchases, which includes the remaining 21.6 million from the previous Board authorization less share repurchases of 2.4 million subsequent to May 31, 2023. 

18 

Stock Price Performance Graph 
 The graph below matches the Corporation s cumulative 5-year total shareholder return on Common Stock with the cumulative total returns of the NASDAQ Composite index and a customized peer group of three companies that includes Pearson PLC, John Wiley Sons Inc. and Stride, Inc. The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment in the Corporation s Common Stock, in the index and in the peer group (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from June 1, 2018 to May 31, 2023. Stride, Inc., an education company with a similar level of revenue to the Corporation, has replaced Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in the peer group this year as Houghton Mifflin Harcourt ceased being a publicly traded company as of April 8, 2022. 
 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Scholastic Corporation, the NASDAQ Composite Index 
 and a Peer Group 
 
 100 invested on 5/31/18 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends 
 Fiscal year ending May 31, 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Scholastic Corporation 100.00 74.61 67.49 79.26 89.81 103.64 NASDAQ Composite Index 100.00 100.15 127.52 184.74 162.34 173.81 Peer Group 100.00 92.55 59.03 107.53 96.54 92.69 
 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Item 6 | [Reserved] 

19 

Item 7 | Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 General 
 
 The Company categorizes its businesses into three reportable segments: Children s Book Publishing and Distribution ; Education Solutions ; and International . 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial position and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes included in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Overview and Outlook 
 
 Overview 
 Revenues from operations for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 increased by 61.1 million, or 3.7 , to 1,704.0 million, compared to 1,642.9 million in the prior fiscal year. The Company reported net income per basic and diluted share of Class A and Common Stock of 2.56 and 2.49, respectively, for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, compared to 2.33 and 2.27, respectively, in the prior fiscal year. 
 
 The Children's Book Publishing and Distribution segment revenues increased 29 , outperforming the continued softness in retail, primarily from the book fairs channel due to higher fair count, which approximated 85 of pre-pandemic levels, and improved revenue per fair. The Education Solutions segment experienced an overall reduction in schools' purchasing levels when compared to the prior year when schools were refilling classrooms with in-person learning materials as pandemic restrictions were fully lifted. Although sales were lower in certain instructional products and programs, the Company's diversified portfolio of products met the needs of customers through customized product offers and state sponsored programs. Internationally, local currency revenues increased in the Major Markets as the book fairs channels continued to recover from the pandemic, which offset the lower revenues from the disposition of the direct sales business in Asia. 
 
 Operating income in fiscal 2023 was 106.3 million compared to 97.4 million in the prior fiscal year, representing an improvement of 8.9 million, primarily driven by the book fairs channel which continues to benefit from top-line growth and operational efficiencies. In addition, the Company realized improved operating margin in Asia attributable to the exit from the direct sales business, which generated losses in the prior year. The Company continues to benefit from the operational efficiencies achieved since the pandemic. 
 
 Outlook 
 The Company previously announced the combination of its book fairs and book clubs channels into an integrated school reading events business which the Company expects will provide multiple opportunities to grow Scholastic's reach, serve its customers better and improve efficiencies within the Children s Books Publishing and Distribution segment. The Company expects fair count to increase to approximately 90 of pre-pandemic levels with modest growth in revenue per fair. In the Education Solutions segment, the Company expects to continue to invest in new products and capabilities to grow its digital and print literacy solutions and expects the segment to benefit from continued growth in state-sponsored programs in the second half of fiscal 2024. Internationally, the Company expects to benefit from the continued recovery in the Major Markets and in Asia, as well as the reorganization in Canada. The Company also plans to invest in process improvements in its manufacturing and distribution functions, which should result in improved efficiencies going forward, and continue to utilize positive cash flows to increase shareholder value. 

20 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 General: 
 
 The Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations is based upon its Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements involves the use of estimates and assumptions by management, which affects the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, current business factors, future expectations and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, all of which are necessary in order to form a basis for determining the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates the adequacy of its reserves and the estimates used in calculations, including, but not limited to: collectability of accounts receivable; variable consideration related to anticipated returns; allocation of transaction price to contractual performance obligations; amortization periods; stock-based compensation expense; pension and other postretirement obligations; tax rates; recoverability of inventories; deferred income taxes and tax reserves; the timing and amount of future income taxes and related deductions; recoverability of prepublication costs; royalty advance reserves; customer reward programs; and the impairment assessment of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangibles. For a complete description of the Company s significant accounting policies, see Note 1, "Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The following policies and account descriptions include all those identified by the Company as critical to its business operations and the understanding of its results of operations: 
 
 Revenue recognition: 
 
 The Company has identified the allocation of the transaction price to contractual performance obligations related to revenues within the school-based book fairs channel, as described below, as a critical accounting estimate. 
 
 Revenues associated with school-based book fairs relate to the sale of children's books and other products to book fair sponsors. In addition, the Company employs an incentive program to encourage the sponsorship of book fairs and increase the number of fairs held each school year. The Company identifies two potential performance obligations within its school-based book fair contracts, which include the fulfillment of book fairs product and the fulfillment of product upon the redemption of incentive program credits by customers. The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation and recognizes revenue at a point in time. The Company utilizes certain estimates based on historical experience, redemption patterns and future expectations related to the participation in the incentive program to determine the relative fair value of each performance obligation when allocating the transaction price. Changes in these estimates could impact the timing of the recognition of revenue. Revenue allocated to the book fairs product is recognized at the point at which product is delivered to the customer and control is transferred. The revenue allocated to the incentive program credits is recognized upon redemption of incentive credits and the transfer of control of the redeemed product. Incentive credits are generally redeemed within 12 months of issuance. Payment for school-based book fairs product is due at the completion of a customer's fair. Revenues associated with virtual fairs are recognized upon shipment of the products and related incentive program credits are expensed upon issuance. 
 
 Estimated returns: 
 
 For sales that include a right of return, the Company estimates the transaction price and records revenues as variable consideration based on the amounts the Company expects to ultimately be entitled. In order to determine estimated returns, the Company utilizes historical return rates, sales patterns, types of products and expectations and recognizes a corresponding reduction to Revenues and Cost of goods sold. Management also considers patterns of sales and returns in the months preceding the fiscal year, as well as actual returns received subsequent to the fiscal year, available customer and market specific data and other return rate information that management believes is relevant. In addition, a refund liability is recorded within Other accrued expenses for the consideration to which the Company believes it will not ultimately be entitled and a return asset is recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets for the expected inventory to be returned. Actual returns could differ from the Company's estimate. A one percentage point change in the estimated reserve for returns rate would have resulted in an increase or decrease in operating income for the year ended May 31, 2023 of approximately 3.0 million and approximately 3.2 million, respectively. 

21 

Inventories: 
 
 Inventories, consisting principally of books, are stated at the lower of cost, using the first-in, first-out method, or net realizable value. The Company records a reserve for excess and obsolete inventory based upon a calculation using the expected future sales of existing inventory driven by estimates around forecasted purchases, inventory consumption costs, and the sell-through rate of current fiscal year purchases. In accordance with the Company's inventory retention policy, expected future sales of existing inventory are compared against historical usage by channel for reasonableness and any specifically identified excess or obsolete inventory, due to an anticipated lack of demand, will also be reserved. The impact of a one percentage point change in the obsolescence reserve rate would have resulted in an increase or decrease in operating income for the year ended May 31, 2023 of approximately 4.2 million. 
 
 Royalty advances: 
 
 Royalty advances are initially capitalized and subsequently expensed as related revenues are earned or when the Company determines future recovery through earndowns is not probable. The Company has a long history of providing authors with royalty advances, and it tracks each advance earned with respect to the sale of the related publication. Historically, the longer the unearned portion of the advance remains outstanding, the less likely it is that the Company will recover the advance through the sale of the publication, as the related royalties earned are applied first against the remaining unearned portion of the advance. The Company applies this historical experience to its existing outstanding royalty advances to estimate the likelihood of recovery. Additionally, the Company s editorial staff regularly reviews its portfolio of royalty advances to determine if individual royalty advances are not recoverable through earndowns for discrete reasons, such as the death of an author prior to completion of a title or titles, a Company decision to not publish a title, poor market demand or other relevant factors that could impact recoverability. 
 
 Evaluation of Goodwill impairment: 
 
 Goodwill is not amortized and is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. 
 
 The Company compares the estimated fair values of its identified reporting units to the carrying values of their net assets. The Company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair values of its identified reporting units are less than their carrying values. If it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The Company measures goodwill impairment by the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value of a reporting unit. For each of the reporting units, the estimated fair value is determined utilizing the expected present value of the projected future cash flows of the reporting unit, in addition to comparisons to similar companies. The Company reviews its definition of reporting units annually or more frequently if conditions indicate that the reporting units may change. The Company evaluates its operating segments to determine if there are components one level below the operating segment level. A component is present if discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of the business. If an operating segment only contains a single component, that component is determined to be a reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. If an operating segment contains multiple components, the Company evaluates the economic characteristics of these components. Any components within an operating segment that share similar economic characteristics are aggregated and deemed to be a reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. Components within the same operating segment that do not share similar economic characteristics are deemed to be individual reporting units for goodwill impairment testing purposes. 
 
 The Company has six reporting units with goodwill subject to impairment testing. The determination of the fair value of the Company s reporting units involves a number of assumptions, including the estimates of future cash flows, discount rates and market-based multiples, among others, each of which is subject to change. Accordingly, it is possible that changes in assumptions and the performance of certain reporting units could lead to impairments in future periods, which may be material. 
 
 Income taxes: 
 
 The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, for purposes of determining taxable income, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of such assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to be realized. 

22 

The Company believes that its taxable earnings, during the periods when the temporary differences giving rise to deferred tax assets become deductible or when tax benefit carryforwards may be utilized, should be sufficient to realize the related future income tax benefits. For those jurisdictions where the expiration date of the tax benefit carryforwards or the projected taxable earnings indicate that realization is not likely, the Company establishes a valuation allowance. 
 
 In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company estimates future taxable earnings, with consideration for the feasibility of ongoing tax planning strategies and the realizability of tax benefit carryforwards, to determine which deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized in the future. Valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be impacted by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and future taxable earnings. In the event that actual results differ from these estimates in future periods, the Company may need to adjust the valuation allowance. 

23 

Results of Operations - Consolidated 
 
 (Amounts in millions, except per share data) For fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 2022 (1) 
 (1) 
 Revenues: Children s Book Publishing and Distribution 
 1,038.0 60.9 946.5 57.6 Education Solutions 386.6 22.7 393.6 24.0 International 
 279.4 16.4 302.8 18.4 Total revenues 1,704.0 100.0 1,642.9 100.0 Cost of goods sold 
 786.4 46.2 765.5 46.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses (2) 
 756.6 44.4 722.8 44.0 Depreciation and amortization 
 54.7 3.2 56.8 3.5 Asset impairments and write downs 0.4 0.0 Operating income (loss) 106.3 6.2 97.4 5.9 Interest income 7.2 0.5 0.5 0.1 Interest expense (1.4) (0.1) (2.9) (0.2) Other components of net periodic benefit (cost) 0.3 0.0 0.1 0.0 Gain (loss) on assets held for sale (3) 
 (15.1) (0.9) Gain (loss) on sale of assets and other (4) 
 9.7 0.6 Earnings (loss) before income taxes 112.4 6.6 89.7 5.5 Provision (benefit) for income taxes (5) 
 25.9 1.5 8.7 0.5 Net income (loss) 86.5 5.1 81.0 4.9 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 0.2 0.0 0.1 0.0 Net income (loss) attributable to Scholastic Corporation 86.3 5.1 80.9 4.9 Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share of Class A and Common Stock Basic 2.56 2.33 Diluted 2.49 2.27 
 
 (1) Represents percentage of total revenues. 
 
 (2) In fiscal 2022, the Company recognized 6.6 of pretax insurance proceeds related to an intellectual property legal settlement accrued in fiscal 2021, pretax severance and related charges of 6.2 and pretax branch consolidation costs of 0.5. 
 
 (3) In fiscal 2022, the Company recognized pretax loss on assets held for sale related to the Company's plan to exit the direct sales business in Asia of 15.1. 
 
 (4) In fiscal 2022, the Company recognized a pretax gain of 3.5 on the sale of its UK distribution center located in Witney and a pretax gain of 6.2 on the sale of its Lake Mary facility. 
 
 (5) In fiscal 2022, the Company recognized a benefit for income taxes in respect to one-time pretax charges of 1.3. 

24 

Results of Operations Consolidated 
 
 The section below is a discussion of the Company's fiscal year 2023 results compared to fiscal year 2022. A detailed discussion of the Company's fiscal year 2021 results and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal years 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for the year ended May 31, 2022, filed as part of the Company's Form 10-K dated July 22, 2022. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 
 
 Revenues from operations for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 increased by 61.1 million, or 3.7 , to 1,704.0 million, compared to 1,642.9 million in the prior fiscal year. Children s Book Publishing and Distribution segment revenues increased 91.5 million, partially offset by lower revenues from the Education Solutions segment and International segment of 7.0 million and 23.4 million, respectively. 
 
 Within the Children s Book Publishing and Distribution segment, revenues in the book fairs channel increased 123.4 million primarily on higher fair count. Increased redemptions of book fair incentive program credits compared to the prior year and an improvement in revenue per fair also drove higher revenues. Lower book clubs channel revenues of 8.6 million were due to lower sponsor participation and fewer events. To address the continued decline, the Company has combined the U.S.-based book clubs and book fairs businesses into an integrated school reading events business subsequent to year-end. The integration is expected to create synergies in operations and a coordinated go-to-market strategy to result in additional opportunities and improved efficiencies. Trade channel revenues decreased 23.3 million, primarily driven by the industry-wide decline in retail market sales, partially offset by higher media channel revenues as the Company completed the delivery of episodes associated with the production of the "Eva the Owlet" animated series. 
 
 Within the Education Solutions segment, decreased revenues of 7.0 million were driven by an overall reduction in schools' purchasing levels when compared to the prior year when schools were refilling classrooms with in-person learning materials as pandemic restrictions were fully lifted. Demand for certain of the Company's instructional products and programs, including Scholastic Bookroom , Guided Reading and Scholastic Literacy was lower as customer purchasing shifted to the Company's more customized products and digital and print literacy solutions. This was partially offset by increased revenues from sponsored programs, which had a full year of shipments in fiscal 2023 compared to a partial year in fiscal 2022. The Company sells to non-school customers through its community and state-sponsored programs and the related sales increased in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Revenues in the International segment decreased 23.4 million primarily attributable to unfavorable foreign currency exchange of 23.0 million and the disposition of the direct sales business resulting in 15.0 million in lower revenues. Excluding the foregoing, revenues increased 14.6 million primarily driven by the Major Markets as the book fairs channels continued to recover from the pandemic. 
 
 Components of Cost of goods sold for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 are as follows: amounts in millions) 2023 of revenue 2022 of revenue Product, service, production costs and inventory reserves 475.2 27.9 448.8 27.3 Royalty costs 132.8 7.8 139.1 8.5 Prepublication and production amortization 26.0 1.5 27.4 1.8 Postage, freight, shipping, fulfillment and all other costs 152.4 9.0 150.2 9.1 Total cost of goods sold 786.4 46.2 765.5 46.6 
 
 Cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 46.2 , compared to 46.6 in the prior fiscal year. Cost of goods sold benefited from increased sales volume in the U.S. book fairs channel, which also resulted in lower royalty costs as a percentage of revenue. Traditionally, the book fairs channel has a higher mix of non-royalty bearing titles. This was partially offset by higher excess and obsolete inventory due to the softness in the global retail channels. The Company also incurred higher production costs related to the "Eva the Owlet" animated series in fiscal 2023 and higher print costs, primarily in the U.S. trade channel, as well as an increase in inbound and outbound freight costs in the U.S. and in the Major Markets. As of the end of fiscal 2023, inbound freight costs have returned to pre-pandemic levels, however, there remains uncertainty regarding potential shipping courier union strikes 
 
 25 

which could result in increased freight costs for the Company in the near future and impact the Company's ability to ship product to customers. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 were 756.6 million, compared to 722.8 million in the prior fiscal year. The 33.8 million increase was primarily due to higher spending in the U.S. book fairs channel as a result of the increased fair count resulting in higher labor and other overhead costs, including fuel charges, marketing expenses and bank fees, as well as increased rent for warehouse space. In addition, the Company incurred higher employee-related costs in the Education Solutions segment associated with increased spending on strategic initiatives such as the integration efforts related to the Learning Ovations acquisition and the launch of Ready4Reading, as well as higher labor and marketing costs to support the growth in sponsored programs. The increase was also attributable to the prior year receipt of insurance recoveries of 6.6 million related to the intellectual property legal settlement accrued in fiscal 2021. Partially offsetting this increase the Company had lower severance expense from its restructuring programs of 6.2 million, recognized higher COVID-related governmental employee retention credits of 2.1 million received in fiscal 2023, incurred lower costs in Asia as a result of the disposition of the direct sales business of approximately 12.6 million, benefited from an insurance recovery of 5.0 million in fiscal 2023 related to photo litigation settlements and also benefited from a favorable settlement of 1.8 million related to legacy sales tax matters. Additionally, bad debt expense was favorable as the prior fiscal year was negatively impacted by a discrete systems issue in the book clubs channel which resulted in 6.6 million of higher uncollectible receivable balances. The Company expects to incur severance costs in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 related to restructuring programs in Canada as well as in the U.S. as a result of combining the book clubs and book fairs businesses into an integrated school reading events business. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 were 54.7 million, compared to 56.8 million in the prior fiscal year. The 2.1 million decrease primarily related to the Company's shift to cloud computing arrangements (e.g. software as a service) which resulted in capitalized software being amortized through Selling, general and administrative expenses rather than Depreciation and amortization. Amortization of capitalized cloud software increased 2.4 million when compared to the prior fiscal year which offset the decrease in Depreciation and amortization. Management expects Depreciation and amortization expense to increase as the Company's capitalized spending has and will continue to increase into the next fiscal year. 
 
 Asset impairments and write downs for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 were 0.4 million due to the impairment of right-of-use assets associated with certain operating leases as part of the book fairs warehouse consolidation effort. 
 
 Interest income for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 7.2 million, compared to 0.5 million in the prior fiscal year. 4.7 million of the increase was driven by overall higher average investment balances as compared to the prior fiscal year, coupled with higher interest rates in fiscal 2023. The Company invests excess cash in short term investments which earn competitive interest rates that change directionally in relation to the Federal Funds rate. In addition, the Company recognized 2.0 million of interest income related to tax refunds received during fiscal 2023 that will not repeat in the next fiscal year. Interest expense for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 1.4 million, compared to 2.9 million in the prior fiscal year. The decrease in interest expense was due to lower average debt borrowings as compared to the prior fiscal year as the outstanding borrowings on the U.S. credit agreement were paid down during fiscal 2022, resulting in no outstanding borrowings as of the beginning of fiscal 2023. 
 
 Gain (loss) on assets held for sale for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 was a loss of 15.1 million related to the Company's exit of the direct sales business in Asia as it was no longer a part of the strategic growth plan for the Company. The exit resulted in the sale of remaining assets, primarily accounts receivable and inventory, and the assets were written down to their recoverable value which equated to the selling price. The loss on assets held for sale included accrued exit costs. 
 
 Gain (loss) on sale of assets and other for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 was a gain of 9.7 million. In the prior fiscal year, the Company sold its UK distribution facility located in Witney and its facility located in Lake Mary, Florida, resulting in a recognized gain on sale of 3.5 million and 6.2 million, respectively. 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was a 23.0 tax provision, compared to 9.7 in the prior fiscal year. The 2022 fiscal year tax provision benefited from the release of uncertain tax positions resulting from the effective settlement of the IRS examination from the 2015-2020 tax years. 
 
 Net income for fiscal 2023 was 86.5 million compared to 81.0 million in fiscal 2022, an increase of 5.5 million. The basic and diluted income per share of Class A Stock and Common Stock was 2.56 and 2.49, respectively, in fiscal 2023, compared to basic and diluted income per share of Class A Stock and Common Stock of 2.33 and 2.27, 
 
 26 

respectively, in fiscal 2022. Outstanding shares decreased 7 from 34.2 million to 31.7 million as of May 31, 2023 which will benefit earnings per share calculations in fiscal 2024. 
 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 was 0.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Results of Operations Segments 
 
 CHILDREN S BOOK PUBLISHING AND DISTRIBUTION 
 amounts in millions) 2023 compared to 2022 2023 2022 change change Revenues 1,038.0 946.5 91.5 9.7 Cost of goods sold 481.7 450.3 31.4 7.0 Other operating expenses 412.9 380.5 32.4 8.5 Asset impairments and write downs 0.4 (0.4) NM Operating income (loss) 143.4 115.3 28.1 24.4 Operating margin 13.8 12.2 
 Other operating expenses include selling, general and administrative expenses, bad debt expenses and depreciation and amortization. NM Not meaningful 
 
 Fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 
 
 Revenues for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 increased by 91.5 million to 1,038.0 million, compared to 946.5 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in segment revenues was driven by the book fairs channel with an increase of 123.4 million, or 29 , exceeding pre-pandemic revenues for this channel. The increased revenues were driven by a 15 increase in fair count, coupled with higher revenue per fair and a year-over-year increase in redemptions of book fair incentive program credits. Revenues from the book clubs channel decreased 8.6 million as a result of the multi-year trend of lower sponsor participation and fewer events held in fiscal 2023. To address this continued decline, the Company has combined the U.S.-based book clubs and book fairs businesses into an integrated school reading events business and expects the synergies in operations and a coordinated go-to-market strategy to result in additional opportunities and improved efficiencies. Trade channel revenues decreased 23.3 million primarily reflecting the industry-wide decline in retail market sales driving overall lower revenues. The prior fiscal year also included the release of J.K. Rowling's The Christmas Pig as well as limited edition foil cover versions of titles in Dav Pilkey's Dog Man series which helped lift overall sales across the series. During fiscal 2023, the trade channel released numerous best-sellers, including Dog Man #11: Twenty Thousand Fleas Under the Sea, Cat Kid Comic Club: Collaborations, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix: The Illustrated Edition, Wings of Fire Graphix #6: Moon Rising, The Baby-Sitters Club Graphic Novel #13: Mary Anne's Bad Luck Mystery and Nick and Charlie: A Heartstopper Novella . In addition, the Company completed the delivery of episodes associated with the production of the animated series "Eva the Owlet". The unfavorable economic trends in the retail book markets could continue to negatively impact the trade channel in fiscal 2024. 
 
 Cost of goods sold for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 481.7 million, or 46.4 of revenues, compared to 450.3 million, or 47.6 of revenues, in the prior fiscal year. The decrease in Cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenues was primarily driven by increased sales volume in the book fairs channel, which also resulted in lower royalty costs as a percentage of revenue. Traditionally, the book fairs channel has a higher mix of non-royalty bearing titles. The favorability was partially offset by increased product costs in the trade channel due to higher print and inbound freight costs driven by the continued impact of inflationary pressures and higher production costs related to the production of the "Eva the Owlet" animated series in the media business. Cost of goods sold benefited from lower excess and obsolete inventory in the book fairs channel in fiscal 2023 as a result of better utilization of aged inventory. This was substantially offset by higher excess and obsolete inventory in the trade channel due to the softness in the retail market and in the book clubs channel which expects to reduce offerings in fiscal 2024 as part of its integration into the school reading events business. As of the end of fiscal 2023, inbound freight costs have returned to pre-pandemic levels, however, there remains uncertainty regarding potential shipping courier union strikes which could result in increased freight costs for the Company in the near future. 
 
 Other operating expenses were 412.9 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, compared to 380.5 million in the prior fiscal year. The 32.4 million increase was primarily due to increased labor and other overhead costs in the book fairs channel, including fuel charges, marketing expenses and bank fees, as a result of the increased fair count in 
 
 27 

fiscal 2023, as well as increased rent for warehouse space. The higher labor costs were partially offset by a COVID-related governmental employee retention credit of 3.3 million received and recognized in fiscal 2023. In addition, bad debt expense was favorable as the prior fiscal year was negatively impacted by a discrete systems issue in the book clubs channel which resulted in 6.6 million of higher uncollectible receivable balances. 
 
 Asset impairments were 0.4 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. In the prior fiscal year, the Company recorded an impairment of right-of-use assets associated with certain operating leases as part of the book fairs warehouse consolidation effort. 
 
 Segment operating income for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 143.4 million, compared to 115.3 million in the prior fiscal year. The 28.1 million increase was primarily driven by the continued improvement in the book fairs channel, which resulted in a 123.4 million increase in revenue primarily on higher fair count. The book fairs channel continued to drive an increase in revenue per fair by approximately 5 which benefited operating income due to the fixed distribution costs on a delivered fair. In addition, the production and delivery of the "Eva the Owlet" animated series drove additional profit contribution in fiscal 2023. Operating income was negatively impacted by a decrease in trade channel revenue reflecting the industry-wide decline in retail market sales, and continued inflationary pressures driving higher print and inbound freight costs, primarily in the trade channel. As of the end of fiscal 2023, inbound freight costs have returned to pre-pandemic levels, however, there remains uncertainty regarding potential shipping courier union strikes which could result in increased freight costs for the Company in the near future. Lower participation levels in the book clubs channel was also unfavorable to operating income in the current fiscal year. The Company has combined the U.S.-based book clubs and book fairs businesses into an integrated school reading events business subsequent to year-end. The integration is expected to create synergies in operations and a coordinated go-to-market strategy to result in additional opportunities and improved efficiencies. 
 
 EDUCATION SOLUTIONS 
 amounts in millions) 2023 compared to 2022 2023 2022 change change Revenues 386.6 393.6 (7.0) (1.8) Cost of goods sold 143.0 142.4 0.6 0.4 Other operating expenses 185.2 169.4 15.8 9.3 Operating income (loss) 58.4 81.8 (23.4) (28.6) Operating margin 15.1 20.8 
 Other operating expenses include selling, general and administrative expenses, bad debt expenses and depreciation and amortization. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 
 
 Revenues for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 decreased by 7.0 million to 386.6 million, compared to 393.6 million in the prior fiscal year. The decrease in segment revenues was largely driven by an overall reduction in schools' purchasing levels when compared to the prior year when schools were refilling classrooms with in-person learning materials as pandemic restrictions were being lifted. Demand for certain of the Company's instructional products and programs, including Scholastic Bookroom , Guided Reading and Scholastic Literacy, as well as early childhood programs and summer learning product offerings was lower, due in part to customer purchasing shifting to the Company's more customized products and digital and print literacy solutions. Changes to the methods in which schools approach literacy instruction also contributed to the decline in certain offerings and the Company's new K-3 phonic program, Ready4Reading TM , is expected to align with the modified instruction methods. The decrease in revenues related to instructional products and programs was also due to the timing of revenues in fiscal 2022, which benefited from shipments, primarily consisting of summer learning products, that shifted from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 due to supply chain constraints at that time. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, orders were shipped more timely with fewer sales shifting into the first quarter of fiscal 2023. The segment also had lower sales of Rising Voices Library products, professional books and teaching resource products. Cultural awareness products like Rising Voices Library continue to be requested by customers and are subject to fluctuations based on large district sales. The Company continues to actively market these products and make additional investments and improvements in accordance with market demand. The overall decrease in segment revenues was partly offset by revenues from sponsored programs, which had a full year of shipments in fiscal 2023 compared to a partial year in fiscal 2022 and the addition of another state program in fiscal 2023. Additionally, the segment benefited from increased revenues from traditional classroom book collections and Grab and Go reading packs as well as products from the Scholastic Family and Community Engagement (FACE) TM initiative, in which a renewed focus helped to increase offerings and expand into new school districts. Revenues from Magazines+ remained relatively consistent with the prior fiscal year and digital subscription revenues modestly increased year over year. 
 
 28 

Cost of goods sold for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 143.0 million, or 37.0 of revenue, compared to 142.4 million, or 36.2 of revenue, in the prior fiscal year. The increase in Cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenues was primarily attributable to higher product costs, including higher inbound freight costs, in addition to increased postage and outbound freight costs, as the Company continued to be impacted by inflationary pressures. In fiscal 2022, the segment benefited from sales of inventory purchased prior to the cost increases. As of the end of fiscal 2023, inbound freight costs have returned to pre-pandemic levels, however, there remains uncertainty regarding potential shipping courier union strikes which could result in increased freight costs for the Company in the near future. 
 
 Other operating expenses were 185.2 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, compared to 169.4 million in the prior fiscal year. The 15.8 million increase in Other operating expenses was primarily related to higher spending associated with the integration efforts related to the Learning Ovations acquisition which approximated 3 million and the launch of Ready4Reading as well as the growth within sponsored programs, partially offset by lower bonuses and commissions. In addition, the segment incurred higher marketing costs associated with sponsored programs and continued to incur costs related to strategic initiatives related to the Company's digital and print literacy offerings. 
 
 Segment operating income for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 58.4 million, compared to 81.8 million in the prior fiscal year. The 23.4 million decrease was attributable to lower revenues, primarily from instructional products and programs, coupled with increased employee-related costs and increased spending associated with growth initiatives. 
 INTERNATIONAL 
 amounts in millions) 2023 compared to 2022 2023 2022 change change Revenues 279.4 302.8 (23.4) (7.7) Cost of goods sold 169.7 169.8 (0.1) (0.1) Other operating expenses 113.3 129.7 (16.4) (12.6) Operating income (loss) (3.6) 3.3 (6.9) NM Operating margin 1.1 Other operating expenses include selling, general and administrative expenses, bad debt expenses and depreciation and amortization. NM Not meaningful 
 Fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 
 
 Revenues for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 decreased by 23.4 million to 279.4 million compared to 302.8 million in the prior fiscal year. Local currency revenues in the Company's ongoing foreign operations increased 14.6 million when compared to the prior fiscal year, which excluded 15.0 million in lower revenues from the disposition of the direct sales business and unfavorable foreign exchange impact of 23.0 million. In the Asia channel, excluding the lower revenues from the disposition of the direct sales business, local currency revenues increased 2.1 million primarily attributable to higher revenues in India from the book fairs and trade channels. In Australia and New Zealand, local currency revenues increased 7.3 million, driven by increased sales in the trade and book fairs channels as the prior year was negatively impacted by additional lockdowns imposed by the COVID variant. In the UK, local currency revenues increased 4.5 million largely driven by the continued recovery in the book fairs channel which resulted in a 70 increase in fair count as compared to the prior fiscal year, in addition to increased book clubs channel revenues. This was partially offset by lower education and magazine channel revenues as well as marginally lower revenues in the trade channel due to softness in the retail market which was partially offset by new releases in fiscal 2023 including The Baddies by Julia Donaldson and Dog Man #11: Twenty Thousand Fleas Under the Sea by Dav Pilkey. In Canada, local currency revenues increased 1.4 million primarily driven by the book fairs channel which continued to recover from the pandemic, resulting in a 37 increase in fair count and higher revenue per fair, largely offset by lower trade channel revenues due to an industry wide decline in the retail market and lower sales in the book clubs channel due to lower sponsor participation. Export sales decreased 0.7 million primarily due to lower distributor sales. 
 
 Cost of goods sold for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 169.7 million, or 60.7 of revenues, compared to 169.8 million, or 56.1 of revenues, in the prior fiscal year. The increase in Cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenues was driven by continued inflationary pressures in the Major Markets which resulted in an overall increase in product costs due to higher inbound freight costs as well as higher outbound postage and freight costs. Certain foreign operations, primarily Canada, purchase inventory in U.S. dollars and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar 
 
 29 

unfavorably impacted Cost of goods sold. Fulfillment costs also increased, primarily in Canada, driven by higher labor costs. In addition, higher excess and obsolete inventory in Canada was due to lower inventory utilization in the trade channel, which was partially offset by lower excess and obsolete inventory in Asia as a result of the exit of the direct sales business. 
 
 Other operating expenses were 113.3 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, compared to 129.7 million in the prior fiscal year. In local currencies, Other operating expenses decreased 8.3 million coupled with unfavorable foreign exchange impact of 8.1 million. Approximately 12.6 million of the decrease related to the disposition of the direct sales business in Asia driving lower employee-related expenses, general overhead costs and bad debt expense. In addition, the segment incurred severance expense of 1.2 million related to restructuring programs and UK branch consolidation costs of 0.5 million in the prior fiscal year, both of which did not reoccur in fiscal 2023. Partially offsetting this decrease, Other operating expenses were impacted by higher employee-related expenses due to the increased volume in the book fairs channels and the discontinuation of government subsidies related to COVID-related governmental retention programs in which 1.2 million was recognized in the prior fiscal year. 
 
 Segment operating loss for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 3.6 million, compared to operating income of 3.3 million in the prior fiscal year. Operating loss increased 6.9 million, primarily driven by cost pressures in Canada related to the impact of the weakening Canadian dollar on inventory purchases which are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, higher excess and obsolete inventory due to the softness in the retail market, coupled with higher freight and fulfillment labor costs which, in addition to Canada, also impacted the other Major Markets due to continued inflationary pressures. This was partially offset by improved operating margin in Asia of 4.6 million attributable to the exit from the direct sales business, which generated losses in the prior period. The Company expects to incur severance costs in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 related to restructuring programs in Canada as efforts are being made to utilize efficiencies across North American operations. 
 
 Overhead 
 
 Fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 
 
 Unallocated overhead expense for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 decreased by 11.1 million to 91.9 million, compared to 103.0 million in the prior fiscal year. The decrease was primarily attributable to 5.0 million of insurance recoveries received and recognized in fiscal 2023 related to photo litigation settlements paid in prior periods and a 1.8 million benefit related to the favorable settlement of certain legacy sales tax matters. In addition, the Company incurred lower unallocated employee-related costs, including lower severance and related charges from the Company's restructuring programs of 5.0 million. This was partially offset by 6.6 million of insurance recoveries received and recognized in the prior fiscal year related to the intellectual property legal settlement accrued in fiscal 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 148.9 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, compared to cash provided by operating activities of 226.0 million for the prior fiscal year, representing a decrease in cash provided by operating activities of 77.1 million. The decrease in cash was primarily driven by higher inventory purchases of approximately 110 million. In the first half of the fiscal year, the Company increased purchases by approximately 140 million to mitigate long lead times related to global supply chain challenges. The Company expects to return to historical purchasing patterns as lead times have returned to pre-pandemic levels, however, due to the continued growth of the book fairs business, working capital requirements are expected to remain elevated. The decrease was also attributable to lower net refunds from income taxes of 51.3 million relative to the prior fiscal year, increased spending on general expenses in the book fairs channel to support the increased fair count and lower cash remittances related to book fairs incentive credits. This was partially offset by higher customer remittances on receivable balances in fiscal 2023 of approximately 62.6 million. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 99.6 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, compared to cash used in investing activities of 43.2 million for the prior fiscal year, representing an increase in cash used in investing activities of 56.4 million. The increase in cash used was driven by higher capital expenditures of 20.0 million, primarily for new equipment at the Company's Jefferson City, Missouri distribution facility and in the book fairs warehouses to meet expected demand, payments related to the Learning Ovations acquisition of 10.7 million, and increased prepublication spending of 9.7 million associated with product development in Education Solutions . In addition, the 
 
 30 

prior fiscal year included net proceeds of 10.4 million from the sale of the U.S. Lake Mary facility and 5.6 million from the sale of the UK distribution facility located in Witney. 
 
 Cash used by financing activities was 139.5 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, compared to cash used in financing activities of 229.2 million for the prior fiscal year. The decrease in cash used in financing activities of 89.7 million was primarily related to repayments of borrowings under the U.S. credit agreement of 175.0 million during the prior fiscal year, coupled with an increase in net proceeds from stock option exercises of 10.5 million. Partially offsetting this decrease, the Company repurchased 132.1 million of common stock, compared to repurchases of 33.4 million in the prior fiscal year, and paid higher dividends of 4.9 million as part of the Company's shareholder enhancement initiatives. As a result, outstanding shares decreased 7 from 34.2 million to 31.7 million as of May 31, 2023 which will benefit earnings per share calculations in fiscal 2024. 
 
 Cash Position 
 
 The Company s cash and cash equivalents totaled 224.5 million at May 31, 2023 and 316.6 million at May 31, 2022. Cash and cash equivalents held by the Company s U.S. operations totaled 174.6 million at May 31, 2023 and 275.5 million at May 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s operating philosophy is to use cash provided by operating activities to create value by paying down debt, reinvesting in existing businesses and, from time to time, making acquisitions that will complement its portfolio of businesses or acquiring other strategic assets, as well as engaging in shareholder enhancement initiatives, such as share repurchases or dividend declarations. During fiscal 2023, the Company repurchased 135.1 million of its common stock, which included shares repurchased through a modified Dutch auction tender offer and open-market repurchases. See Note 14, "Treasury Stock," of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, "Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further details regarding the modified Dutch auction tender offer. Under the Company's open-market buy-back program, 21.6 million remained available for future purchases of common shares as of May 31, 2023. Subsequent to May 31, 2023, the Board authorized an increase of 100.0 million for common stock repurchases, resulting in a current Board authorization of 119.2 million, which includes the remaining amount from the previous Board authorization less share repurchases of 2.4 million subsequent to May 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company has maintained, and expects to maintain for the foreseeable future, sufficient liquidity to fund ongoing operations, including working capital requirements, pension contributions, postretirement benefits, debt service, planned capital expenditures and other investments, as well as dividends and share repurchases. As of May 31, 2023, the Company s primary sources of liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents of 224.5 million, cash from operations and the Company's U.S. credit agreement. The Company expects the U.S. credit agreement to provide it with an appropriate level of flexibility to strategically manage its business operations. The Company's U.S. credit agreement, less commitments of 0.4 million, has 299.6 million of availability. Additionally, the Company has short-term credit facilities of 34.5 million, less current borrowings of 6.0 million and commitments of 3.4 million, resulting in 25.1 million of current availability under these facilities at May 31, 2023. Accordingly, the Company believes these sources of liquidity are sufficient to finance its currently anticipated ongoing operating needs, as well as its financing and investing activities. 

31 

The following table summarizes, as of May 31, 2023, the Company s contractual cash obligations by future period (see Notes 5, 6, 9 and 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ): 
 amounts in millions Payments Due By Period Contractual Obligations 1 Year or Less Years 2-3 Years 4-5 After Year 5 Total Minimum print quantities 0.3 0.2 0.5 Royalty advances 28.9 11.9 0.3 0.2 41.3 Lines of credit and short-term debt 6.0 6.0 Finance leases (1) 
 2.4 2.8 1.9 0.3 7.4 Operating leases 25.4 36.4 25.1 25.4 112.3 Pension and postretirement plans (2) 
 2.3 4.8 4.5 10.7 22.3 Total 65.3 56.1 31.8 36.6 189.8 
 (1) Includes principal and interest. 
 (2) Excludes expected Medicare Part D subsidy receipts. 
 
 Financing 
 
 Loan Agreement 
 
 The Company is party to the U.S. credit agreement, as well as certain credit lines with various banks. For a more complete description of the U.S. credit agreement, as well as the Company's other debt obligations, reference is made to Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . The Company had no outstanding borrowings under the U.S. credit agreement as of May 31, 2023. On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into the First and Second Amendments to the U.S. credit agreement which adjusted the credit spread adjustment for SOFR (the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) to 0.10 and transitioned the reference rate from LIBOR (the London interbank offered rate) to SOFR. Reference is made to Note 1 and Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details. 
 
 The Company is party to other loan agreements, notes or other documents or instruments which previously referenced USD LIBOR as the benchmark interest rate index used to set the borrowing rate on certain short-term and variable-rate loans or advances. As of May 31, 2023, the Company has effectively replaced USD LIBOR with alternative reference rates in all financial contracts. The Company does not believe that the change in reference rates has or will have any material effect on its ability to access the credit markets under its existing financing agreements, or its ability to modify or amend financial contracts, if required. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company explores domestic and international expansion opportunities, including potential niche and strategic acquisitions. As part of this process, the Company engages with interested parties in discussions concerning possible transactions. The Company will continue to evaluate such expansion opportunities and prospects. See Note 10, "Acquisitions", of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Item 7A | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 The Company conducts its business in various foreign countries, and as such, its cash flows and earnings are subject to fluctuations from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company sells products from its domestic operations to its foreign subsidiaries, creating additional currency risk. The Company manages its exposures to this market risk through internally established procedures and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of short-term forward exchange contracts which were not significant as of May 31, 2023. The Company does not enter into derivative transactions or use other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 The Company is subject to the risk that market interest rates and its cost of borrowing will increase and thereby increase the interest charged under its variable-rate debt. 

32 

Additional information relating to the Company s derivative transactions and outstanding financial instruments is included in Note 19, "Derivatives and Hedging," and Note 5, "Debt," respectively, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , which is included herein. 
 
 The following table sets forth information about the Company s debt instruments as of May 31, 2023: 
 
 amounts in millions Fiscal Year Maturity Fair Value 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 2023 Debt Obligations Lines of credit and current portion of long-term debt 6.0 6.0 6.0 Average interest rate 4.9 
 
 33 

Item 8 | Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Page Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 36 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 202 3 and 20 22 
 37 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 39 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 78 
 Supplementary Financial Information - Summary of Quarterly Results of Operations 
 81 
 The following consolidated financial statement schedule for the years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 is filed with this annual report on Form 10-K: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 S-1 

All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto. 

34 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Amounts in millions, except per share data) For fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues Operating costs and expenses Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Asset impairments and write downs Total operating costs and expenses Operating income (loss) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other components of net periodic benefit (cost) ) Gain (Loss) on assets held for sale ) Gain (loss) on sale of assets and other Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income (loss) attributable to Scholastic Corporation ) Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share of Class A and Common Stock Basic: Net Income (loss) attributable to Scholastic Corporation 
 ) Diluted: Net Income (loss) attributable to Scholastic Corporation 
 ) Dividends declared per share of Class A and Common Stock 
 See accompanying notes 

35 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Amounts in millions) For fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net: Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 ) ) Pension and postretirement adjustments, net of tax ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Scholastic Corporation 
 See accompanying notes 

36 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Amounts in millions) Balances at May 31, ASSETS 2023 2022 Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories, net 
 Income tax receivable 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Assets held for sale Total current assets Noncurrent Assets: Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Prepublication costs, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 Royalty advances, net 
 Goodwill 
 Noncurrent deferred income taxes 
 Other assets and deferred charges 
 Total noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Lines of credit and current portion of long-term debt 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued royalties 
 Deferred revenue 
 Other accrued expenses 
 Accrued income taxes 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Total current liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities: Long-term debt 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other noncurrent liabilities 
 Total noncurrent liabilities Commitments and Contingencies: Stockholders Equity: Preferred Stock, par value: Authorized, shares; Issued and Outstanding, 
 Class A Stock, par value: Authorized, shares; Issued and Outstanding, shares 
 Common Stock, par value: Authorized, shares; Issued, shares; Outstanding, and shares, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Retained earnings 
 Treasury stock at cost: shares and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity of Scholastic Corporation Noncontrolling interest 
 Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes 
 
 37 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (Amounts in millions) Class A Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Treasury Stock At Cost Total Stockholders' Equity of Scholastic Corporation Noncontrolling interest Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at May 31, 2020 ) ) Net Income (loss) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Pension and post-retirement adjustments (net of tax of 
 Stock-based compensation Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to stock-based compensation plans Purchases of treasury stock at cost Treasury stock issued pursuant to stock purchase plans ) Dividends ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2021 ) ) Net Income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Pension and post-retirement adjustments (net of tax of 
 Stock-based compensation Proceeds pursuant to stock-based compensation plans Purchases of treasury stock at cost ) ) ) ) Treasury stock issued pursuant to equity-based plans ) Dividends ) ) ) Other (noncontrolling interest) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2022 ) ) Net Income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Pension and post-retirement adjustments (net of tax of 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Proceeds pursuant to stock-based compensation plans Purchases of treasury stock at cost ) ) ) ) Treasury stock issued pursuant to equity-based plans ) Dividends ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes 
 
 38 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in millions) Years ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows - operating activities: Net income (loss) attributable to Scholastic Corporation 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile Net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Provision for losses on accounts receivable 
 Provision for losses on inventory 
 Provision for losses on royalty advances 
 Amortization of prepublication costs Depreciation and amortization 
 Amortization of pension and postretirement plans ) Deferred income taxes 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Income from equity investments 
 ) ) ) Non cash write off related to asset impairments and write downs 
 Non cash write off related to assets held for sale (Gain) loss on sale of assets and other ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of amounts acquired: 
 Accounts receivable 
 ) ) Inventories 
 ) ) ) Income tax receivable 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 ) ) Assets held for sale ) Royalty advances 
 ) ) ) Accounts payable 
 ) Accrued income taxes 
 ) Liabilities related to assets held for sale Accrued royalties 
 ) Deferred revenue 
 ) ) Other accrued expenses 
 ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows - investing activities: Prepublication expenditures ) ) ) Additions to property, plant and equipment 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets 
 Acquisition-related payments ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes 
 
 39 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in millions) Years ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows - financing activities: Borrowings under lines of credit, credit agreement and revolving loan 
 Repayments of lines of credit, credit agreement and revolving loan 
 ) ) ) Repayment of capital lease obligations 
 ) ) ) Reacquisition of common stock 
 ) ) Proceeds pursuant to stock-based compensation plans 
 Payment of dividends 
 ) ) ) Other, net 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 2023 2022 2021 Supplemental Information: Income tax payments (refunds) 
 ) Interest paid 
 
 See accompanying notes 

40 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in millions, except share and per share data) 

1. 
 international locations. 
 
 Basis of presentation 
 
 majority ownership interest in Make Believe Ideas Limited ("MBI"), a UK-based children's book publishing company. The founder and chief executive officer of MBI retains a noncontrolling ownership interest in MBI. The Company fully consolidated MBI as of the acquisition date, and the noncontrolling interest is classified within stockholder's equity. See Note 22, "Subsequent Events". 

41 

42 

and as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

. Building improvements are depreciated over the life of the improvement which typically does not exceed . Capitalized software, net of accumulated amortization, was and at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Capitalized software is amortized over a period of three to . Amortization expense for capitalized software was , and for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated over periods not exceeding . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the lease or the life of the assets, whichever is shorter. The Company evaluates the depreciation periods of property, plant and equipment to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that the asset s carrying value is not recoverable or warrant revised estimates of useful lives. 

and of costs incurred in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, to implement cloud computing arrangements, primarily related to digital and consumer data platforms. These amounts are included within Other assets and deferred charges on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 to years and certain leases include renewal or early-termination options, rent escalation clauses, and/or lease incentives. Lease renewal rent payment terms generally reflect adjustments for market rates prevailing at the time of renewal. The Company's leases require fixed minimum rent payments and also often require the payment of certain other costs that do not relate specifically to its right to use an underlying leased asset, but are associated with the asset, such as real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance fees and/or certain other costs (referred to collectively herein as 
 
 43 

period based on expected future revenues. The Company regularly reviews the recoverability of these capitalized costs based on expected future cash flows. 

44 

and as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 reporting units with goodwill subject to impairment testing. 
 
 With regard to other intangibles with indefinite lives, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the identified asset is less than its carrying value. If it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs a quantitative test. The estimated fair value is determined utilizing the expected present value of the projected future cash flows of the asset. 
 
 Intangible assets with definite lives consist principally of customer lists, intellectual property and other agreements and are amortized over their expected useful lives. Customer lists are amortized on a straight-line basis over five to , while other agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over their contractual term. Intellectual property assets are amortized over their remaining useful lives, which is approximately . 

45 

46 

, and for the twelve months ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Assumptions: Expected dividend yield Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Average expected life of options years years years 

47 

48 

2. 
 
 Book Fairs - U.S. Trade - U.S. Trade - International (1) 
 Total Children's Book Publishing and Distribution Education Solutions - U.S. Total Education Solutions International - Major Markets (2) 
 International - Other Markets (3) 
 Total International Total Revenues 
 (1) Primarily includes foreign rights and certain product sales in the UK. 
 (2) Includes Canada, UK, Australia and New Zealand. 

In fiscal years 2023 and 2022, there were no customers that accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenues. In fiscal 2021, the Company had one customer that accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenues. Total revenues from this customer were , or approximately of consolidated revenues, during the year ended May 31, 2021. Approximately was reported within the Children's Book Publishing Distribution segment, in the Education Solutions segment and in the International segment. 
 
 Estimated Returns 
 
 A liability for expected returns of and was recorded within Other accrued expenses on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition, a return asset of and was recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, for the recoverable cost of product estimated to be returned by customers. 
 
 Deferred Revenue 
 
 Magazines+ subscriptions U.S. digital subscriptions U.S. education-related (1) 
 Media-related Stored value cards Other (2) 
 Total deferred revenue 
 (1) Primarily includes deferred revenue related to contracts with school districts and professional services. 
 (2) Primarily includes deferred revenue related to various international products and services. 

49 

and , respectively. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Current period provision Write-offs and other ) Balance as of May 31, 2023 

3. 
 
 reportable segments: Children s Book Publishing and Distribution and Education Solutions, which comprise the Company's domestic operations, and International . 
 
 Children s Book Publishing and Distribution operates as an integrated business which includes the publication and distribution of children s books, ebooks, media and interactive products in the United States through its book clubs and book fairs in its school channels and through the trade channel. This segment is comprised of operating segments. 
 
 Education Solutions includes the publication and distribution to schools and libraries of children s books, classroom magazines, print and digital supplemental and core classroom materials and programs and related support services, and print and on-line reference and non-fiction products for grades pre-kindergarten to 12 in the United States. This segment is comprised of operating segment. 
 
 International includes the publication and distribution of products and services outside the United States by the Company s international operations and its export and foreign rights businesses. This segment is comprised of operating segments. 

50 

Education Solutions International Total Operating income (loss) Children's Book Publishing and Distribution Education Solutions International ) Overhead (1) 
 ) ) ) Total ) Depreciation and amortization (2) 
 Children's Book Publishing and Distribution Education Solutions International Overhead (1) 
 Total Segment assets at May 31 Children's Book Publishing and Distribution Education Solutions International Overhead (1) 
 Total (1) Overhead includes all domestic corporate amounts not allocated to segments, including expenses and costs related to the management of corporate assets. 
 (2) Includes depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortization of intangible assets and prepublication, deferred financing and cloud computing costs. 

4. 
 
 . The remaining assets, consisting of accounts receivable and inventory, were classified as held for sale and recorded as a current asset on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet at May 31, 2022. The Company recognized a loss of in fiscal 2022 which was included in Gain (Loss) on assets held for sale within the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. The impact of the impair ment was a loss per basic and diluted share of Class A and Common Stock of and , respectively, in the t welve months ended May 31, 2022. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company committed to a plan to cease use of certain leased office space in New York City and consolidate into the company-owned New York headquarters building. The right-of-use (ROU) assets and the other long-lived assets associated with these operating leases were included in the Overhead segment. An impairment expense of was recognized in fiscal 2021 of which related to the ROU assets and related to other long-lived assets, primarily leasehold improvements. The Company also committed to a plan to permanently close of the book fairs warehouses in the U.S. as part of a branch consolidation project. The ROU assets and the other long-lived assets associated with these warehouse operating leases were included in the Children s Book Publishing and Distribution segment. An impairment expense of was recognized in fiscal 2021, primarily related to the ROU 
 
 51 

impairment was a loss per basic and diluted share of Class A and Common Stock o f i n the twelve months ended May 31, 2021. 

5. 
 Unsecured lines of credit (weighted average interest rates of and , respectively) 
 UK long-term debt Total debt Less: lines of credit and current portion of long-term debt ) ) ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 The Company's debt obligations as of May 31, 2023 have maturities of one year or less. 
 
 US Credit Agreement 
 
 On October 27, 2021, Scholastic Corporation and its principal operating subsidiary, Scholastic Inc., entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with a syndicate of banks and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides for a unsecured revolving credit facility and allows the Company to borrow, repay or prepay and reborrow at any time prior to the October 27, 2026 maturity date. The Credit Agreement also provides an unlimited basket for permitted payments of dividends and other distributions in respect of capital stock so long as the Corporation s pro forma Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio, as defined, is not in excess of :1. 
 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into the First and Second Amendments to the Credit Agreement with the lenders from time to time party thereto, Truist Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (collectively the "Amendments"). The Amendments, among other things, (i) adjusted the credit spread adjustment for SOFR (the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) to (10 basis points) and (ii) transitioned the reference rate under the Credit Agreement for borrowings from LIBOR (the London interbank offered rate) to SOFR, together with various other conforming changes to accommodate such replacement. 
 
 Under the Credit Agreement, interest on amounts borrowed thereunder is due and payable in arrears on the last day of the interest period (defined as the period commencing on the date of the advance and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower at the time each advance is made). The interest pricing under the Credit Agreement is dependent upon the Borrower s election of a rate that is either: 
 
 a Base Rate equal to the higher of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the prevailing Federal Funds rate plus or (iii) the Eurodollar Rate plus plus, in each case, an applicable margin ranging from to , as determined by the Company s prevailing Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement); 
 - or - 
 a Eurodollar Rate equal to SOFR (Daily Simple or Term), plus a SOFR adjustment of per annum and an applicable margin ranging from to , as determined by the Company s prevailing Consolidated Leverage Ratio. 
 As of May 31, 2023, the applicable margin on Base Rate Advances was and the applicable margin on Eurodollar Advances was , both based on the Company s prevailing Consolidated Leverage Ratio. 
 
 The Credit Agreement provides for payment of a commitment fee in respect of the aggregate unused amount of revolving credit commitments ranging from to per annum based upon the Corporation s then prevailing Consolidated Leverage Ratio. As of May 31, 2023, the commitment fee rate was . 
 
 52 

, is available for the issuance of letters of credit. In addition, a portion of the revolving credit facility, up to a maximum of , is available for swingline loans. The Credit Agreement has an accordion feature which permits the Company, provided certain conditions are satisfied, to increase the facility by up to an additional . 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants related to leverage and interest coverage ratios (as defined in the Credit Agreement), limitations on the amount of dividends and other distributions, and other limitations on fundamental changes to the Company or its business. The Company was in compliance with required covenants for all periods presented. 
 
 At May 31, 2023, the Company had open standby letters of credit totaling issued under certain credit lines, including under the Loan Agreement and under the domestic credit lines discussed below. 
 
 UK Loan Agreements 
 
 On January 24, 2020, Scholastic Limited UK entered into a term loan facility to fund the construction of the new UK facility in Warwickshire. The term loan facility was repaid and closed on March 31, 2022. 
 
 On September 23, 2019, Scholastic Limited UK entered into a term loan agreement to borrow to fund a land purchase in connection with the construction of the new UK facility in Warwickshire. The loan agreement was repaid and closed on May 12, 2022. 
 
 Lines of Credit 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, the Company s domestic credit lines available under unsecured money market bid rate credit lines totaled . There were outstanding borrowings under these credit lines as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022. As of May 31, 2023, availability under these unsecured money market bid rate credit lines totaled , excluding commitments of . All loans made under these credit lines are at the sole discretion of the lender and at an interest rate and term agreed to at the time each loan is made, but not to exceed days. These credit lines may be renewed, if requested by the Company, at the option of the lender. 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, the Company had various local currency international credit lines totaling , underwritten by banks primarily in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. Outstanding borrowings under these facilities were at May 31, 2023 at a weighted average interest rate of , compared to outstanding borrowings of at May 31, 2022 at a weighted average interest rate of . As of May 31, 2023, the amounts available under these facilities totaled . These credit lines are typically available for overdraft borrowings or loans up to days and may be renewed, if requested by the Company, at the sole option of the lender. 

6. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total commitments 

53 

and issued under certain credit lines as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in support of its insurance programs. These letters of credit are scheduled to expire within ; however, the Company expects that substantially all of these letters of credit will be renewed, at similar terms, prior to their expiration. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 Legal Matters 
 Various claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business are pending against the Company. The Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has occurred and the amount of such liability can be reasonably estimated. When only a range can be estimated, the most probable amount in the range is accrued unless no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, in which case the minimum amount in the range is accrued. Legal costs associated with litigation are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. The Company does not expect, in the case of those various claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business where a loss is considered probable or reasonably possible, that the reasonably possible losses from such claims and lawsuits (either individually or in the aggregate) would have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company received in recoveries from its insurance programs related to photo litigation settlements accrued and paid in prior periods. The recoveries were recognized as an offset to the legal settlements and reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company received in recoveries from its insurance programs related to an intellectual property legal settlement, which was accrued in fiscal 2021. The recoveries were recognized as an offset to the legal settlement and reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. While the Company expects to receive additional recoveries from its insurance programs, it is premature to determine with any level of probability or accuracy the amount of those recoveries at this time. 

7. 
 
 International Other equity investments Children's Book Publishing Distribution Total investments 
 
 The Company s equity interest in a children s book publishing business located in the UK is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Equity method income from this investment is reported in the International segment. 
 
 The Company has a ownership interest in a financing and production company that makes film, television, and digital programming designed for the youth market. This equity investment does not have a readily determinable fair value and the Company has elected to apply the measurement alternative, and report this investment at cost, less impairment, on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. There have been impairments or adjustments to the carrying value of this investment. 
 
 The Company has other equity investments with a net carrying value of less than at May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022. 
 
 for the year ended May 31, 2023, for the year ended May 31, 2022 and for the year ended May 31, 2021. The Company did not receive dividends for the year ended May 31, 2023 and received dividends of for the year ended May 31, 2022. 

54 

8. 
 
 Buildings Capitalized software Furniture, fixtures and equipment Building and leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total at cost Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property, plant, and equipment was , and for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense related to cloud computing arrangements was , and for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, the Company recognized a pretax impairment charge of related to its plan to cease use of certain leased office space in New York City and consolidate into its company-owned New York headquarters building. Refer to Note 4, "Asset Write Down", for further discussion regarding the impairment. 
 
 Education Solutions International Overhead (2) 
 Total (3) 
 (1) Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment, net, excluding capitalized software. (2) Overhead includes all domestic corporate amounts not allocated to segments, including expenses and costs related to the management of corporate assets. (3) Long-lived assets held in the United States were and as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Long-lived assets held outside the United States were and as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Sale of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Refer to Note 4, Asset Write Down and Sale, for details regarding the disposition of the direct sales business in Asia completed during fiscal 2023. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company sold the UK distribution center located in Witney to consolidate the operations into a new facility in Warwickshire. The long-lived assets related to the Witney facility, which consisted of building and building improvements, were included in the International segment. These assets had a carrying value of and were classified as held for sale as of the third quarter of fiscal 2020. The net proceeds from the sale were and the Company recognized a gain on sale of . This amount is included within Gain (loss) on sale of assets and other within the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 55 

and were classified as held for sale as of the third quarter of fiscal 2021. The net proceeds from the sale were and the Company recognized a gain on sale of . This amount is included within Gain (loss) on sale of assets and other within the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company sold the UK distribution center located in Southam. The long-lived assets related to the Southam facility, which consisted of land, building and building improvements, were included in the International segment. The assets had a carrying value of and were classified as held for sale as of the fiscal year ended May 31, 2020. The net proceeds from the sale were and the Company recognized a gain on sale of . This amount is included within Gain (loss) on sale of assets and other within the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company-owned facility located in Danbury, Connecticut was sold and the Company relocated the book fairs warehousing and distribution operations conducted in Danbury to a leased warehouse in Easton, Pennsylvania. The long-lived assets related to the Danbury facility, which consisted of land, building, and building improvements, were included in the Overhead segment. These assets had a carrying value of and were classified as held for sale as of the fiscal year ended May 31, 2020. The net proceeds from the sale were and the Company recognized a gain on sale of . This amount is included within Gain (loss) on sale of assets and other within the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

9. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Finance leases Property, plant and equipment, net Total lease assets Operating leases: Current portion Current portion of operating lease liabilities Non-current portion Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Current portion Other accrued expenses Non-current portion Other noncurrent liabilities Total finance lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 In fiscal 2021, the Company recognized a pretax impairment charge of related to operating lease right-of-use assets in connection with its plan to cease use of certain leased office space in New York City and consolidate into its company-owned New York headquarters building and its plan to permanently close of its book fair warehouses in the U.S. as part of a branch consolidation project. Refer to Note 4, "Asset Write Down", for further discussion regarding the impairment. 

56 

Selling, general and administrative expenses Finance lease costs : Depreciation of leased assets Depreciation and amortization Accretion of lease liabilities Interest expense Total lease expense 
 
 The following table summarizes certain cash flows information related to the Company's leases for the fiscal years ended May 31: 
 2023 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Noncash transactions: Lease assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 Finance Leases Weighted-average discount rate: Operating Leases Finance Leases 

57 

10. 
 
 of the share capital of Learning Ovations, Inc., a U.S.-based education technology business and developer of a literacy assessment and instructional system, for , net of cash acquired. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. Fair values were assigned to the assets and liabilities acquired, including cash, receivables, and technology/know-how. The receivables acquired had a fair value of and have been substantially collected as of May 31, 2023. The Company utilized internally-developed discounted cash flow forecasts to determine the fair value of the technology/know-how using a discount rate of to account for the relative risks of the estimated future cash flows. The Company classified this as a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the use of these significant unobservable inputs. The fair values of the net assets were which included of amortizable intangible assets attributable to the technology/know-how and a deferred tax liability. This acquisition resulted in of goodwill that was assigned to the Company's Education Solutions segment and is not deductible for tax purposes. The results of operations of this business subsequent to the acquisition are included in the Education Solutions segment. The transaction was not determined to be material to the Company's results and therefore pro forma financial information is not presented. 

11. 
 Accumulated impairment ) ) Beginning balance Additions Foreign currency translation ) ) Gross ending balance Accumulated impairment ) ) Ending balance 
 
 In fiscal 2023, the Company acquired Learning Ovations, Inc, a U.S.-based education technology business, which resulted in the recognition of of Goodwill included in the Education Solutions segment. Refer to Note 10, Acquisitions, for further details regarding the acquisition. 
 
 There were impairment charges related to Goodwill in any of the periods presented. The Company performed a qualitative assessment for the fiscal 2023 annual impairment test and concluded that goodwill is not impaired. 
 
 Education Solutions International Total 

58 

Additions Amortization expense ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Total other intangibles subject to amortization, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Total other intangibles not subject to amortization Total other intangibles 
 
 In fiscal 2023, the Company acquired Learning Ovations, Inc., a U.S.-based education technology business, which resulted in the recognition of of amortizable intangible assets. These intangible assets are amortized over the estimated useful life of years. Refer to Note 10, Acquisitions, for further details regarding the acquisition. 
 
 There were additions to intangible assets for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. 
 
 Amortization expense for Other intangibles totaled , and for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 Intangible assets with indefinite lives consist principally of trademark and tradename rights. Intangible assets with definite lives consist principally of customer lists, intellectual property, tradenames, technology/know-how and other agreements. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The weighted-average remaining useful lives of all amortizable intangible assets is approximately years . 
 
 There were impairment charges related to Intangible assets in any of the periods presented. 

12. 
 ) Non-United States Total ) 

59 

) State and local ) Non-United States Total Current Deferred Federal ) ) State and local ) Non-United States ) ) ) Total Deferred ) ) Total Current and Deferred ) 
 
 Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 
 
 State income tax provision, net of federal income tax benefit ) Difference in effective tax rates on earnings of foreign subsidiaries ) Rate differential on net operating loss carrybacks GILTI inclusion ) Foreign derived intangible income deduction ) Various tax credits ) ) Valuation allowances Uncertain positions ) ) ) Equity and other compensation ) Return to provision adjustments ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Effective tax rates Total provision (benefit) for income taxes ) 
 
 Unremitted Earnings 
 
 The Company assesses foreign investment levels periodically to determine if all or a portion of the Company s investments in foreign subsidiaries are indefinitely invested. The Company is permanently reinvested in certain foreign subsidiaries representing a portion of the Company's investments in foreign subsidiaries. Any required adjustment to the income tax provision would be reflected in the period that the Company changes this assessment. As of May 31, 2023, there have been adjustments to the income tax provision related to unremitted earnings. 

60 

Prepublication expenses Inventory reserves Allowance for credit losses Deferred revenue Stock based compensation Other reserves Postretirement, post employment and pension obligations Tax carryforwards Lease liabilities Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) ) Lease right-of-use assets ) ) Research and development costs capitalized ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liability ) ) Total net deferred tax assets 
 
 The Company regularly assesses the realizability of deferred tax assets considering all available evidence including, to the extent applicable, the nature, frequency and severity of prior cumulative losses, forecasts of future taxable income, tax filing status, duration of statutory carryforward periods, tax planning strategies and historical experience. For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the valuation allowance decreased by primarily due to the disposition of the direct sales business in Asia and the write-off of the related foreign net operating losses. For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, there was significant change to the valuation allowance as the release of a prior fiscal year foreign net operating loss was offset by an accrual related to foreign tax credits. 
 
 The Company has tax effected federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of , and , respectively, for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. In addition, the Company has certain tax carryforwards related to tax credits of for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. Certain state net operating loss carryforwards, if not utilized, expire at various times, primarily between fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2043. Certain foreign net operating loss carryforwards, if not utilized, also expire at various times. Approximately half of the foreign net operating loss carryforwards expire between fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2043 and the remaining carryforwards do not have an expiration date. 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits 
 
 The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in the financial statements only after determining a more likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge, if any, from taxing authorities, in which case such benefits are included in long-term income taxes payable and reduced by the associated federal deduction for state taxes and non-U.S. tax credits. The interest and penalties related to these uncertain tax positions are recorded as part of the Company s income tax expense and constitute part of Other noncurrent liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

61 

, excluding accrued for interest and penalties, , excluding accrued for interest and penalties, and , excluding accrued for interest and penalties, respectively. Of the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits at May 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, , and , respectively, would impact the Company s effective tax rate. 
 
 During the years presented, the Company recognized interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for taxes in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company recognized a benefit of , a benefit of , and an expense of for the years ended May 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) Increase related to prior year tax positions Increases related to current year tax positions Settlements during the period ) Lapse of statute of limitation ) Gross unrecognized benefits at May 31, 2021 Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) Increase related to prior year tax positions Increases related to current year tax positions Settlements during the period ) Lapse of statute of limitation Gross unrecognized benefits at May 31, 2022 Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) Increase related to prior year tax positions Increases related to current year tax positions Settlements during the period Lapse of statute of limitation Gross unrecognized benefits at May 31, 2023 
 
 Income Tax Returns 
 
 The Company, including its domestic subsidiaries, files a consolidated U.S. income tax return, and also files tax returns in various states and other local jurisdictions. Also, certain subsidiaries of the Company file income tax returns in foreign jurisdictions. The Company is routinely audited by various tax authorities. The Company was previously under audit for the fiscal 2015 through fiscal 2020 tax years and the examination was completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2023 with no impact to the financial results. The fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022 tax years remain subject to audit. 
 
 Tax Legislation Updates 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. government enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), which, among other things, included provisions related to the carry back of net operating losses and the Employee Retention Credit. The Company applied these provisions as applicable. During the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company received a federal tax refund of primarily related to the carry back of net operating losses generated in the U.S. In fiscal 2021, the Company applied for employee retention credits in the U.S. and received all amounts as of May 31, 2023. 

62 

related to a favorable settlement of certain legacy sales tax matters. 

13. 
 Reserved for Issuance Outstanding 
 
 The only voting rights vested in the holders of Common Stock, except as required by law, are the election of such number of directors as shall equal at least one-fifth of the members of the Board. The Class A Stockholders are entitled to elect all other directors and to vote on all other matters. The Class A Stockholders and the holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on matters on which they are entitled to vote. The Class A Stockholders have the right, at their option, to convert shares of Class A Stock into shares of Common Stock on a share-for-share basis. With the exception of voting rights and conversion rights, and as to any rights of holders of Preferred Stock if issued, the Class A Stock and the Common Stock are equal in rank and are entitled on the same basis to dividends and distributions when or if declared by the Board. 
 
 The Company issues shares of Common Stock from its Treasury stock to meet its share-based payment requirements, net of shares required to be withheld to cover the recipient's tax obligations. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company's Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, with the rights of each series, including voting rights, to be determined by the Board before each issuance. To date, shares of Preferred Stock have been issued. 
 
 Stock-based awards 
 
 At May 31, 2023, the Company maintained four stockholder-approved stock-based compensation plans with regard to the Common Stock: 
 
 Scholastic Corporation 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2021 Plan"); 
 Scholastic Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2011 Plan ), under which no further grants can be made; 
 Scholastic Corporation 2017 Outside Directors Stock Incentive Plan (the 2017 Directors Plan and 
 Scholastic Corporation 2007 Outside Directors Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Directors Plan ), under which no further grants can be made. 
 
 In September 2021, the Class A Stockholders approved the 2021 Plan which provides for the issuance of certain equity awards, including non-qualified stock options, time-vested restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, incentive stock options and other equity awards. There are shares available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 Plan. 
 
 The 2011 Plan was approved by the Class A Stockholders in September 2011 and provides for the issuance of certain equity awards, including non-qualified stock options, time-vested restricted stock units, performance-based restricted 
 
 63 

shares. In September 2018, the Class A Stockholders approved the third amendment to the 2011 Plan increasing the shares available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2011 Plan by shares, for a total of shares available for issuance under the 2011 Plan. No further awards can be granted under the 2011 Plan. 
 
 The Company s stock-based awards vest over periods not to exceed four years and the Company's equity plans permit the acceleration of vesting upon retirement for certain eligible employees, as well as for certain other events. 
 
 At May 31, 2023, non-qualified stock options to purchase and shares of Common Stock were outstanding under the 2021 and 2011 Plan, respectively. During fiscal 2023, options were granted under the 2021 Plan at a weighted average exercise price of . 
 
 At May 31, 2023, shares of Common Stock were available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 
 
 In September 2017, the Class A Stockholders approved the 2017 Directors Plan which has shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance and provides for the automatic grant to each non-employee director, on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders, of stock options and/or restricted stock units with a value equal to a fixed dollar amount. The total dollar amount, as well as the relative percentage of stock options and restricted stock units, is determined annually by the Board (or Committee designated by the Board) in advance of the grant date. In July 2022, the Board approved the fiscal 2023 grant to each non-employee director, on the date of the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, of stock options and restricted stock units having a combined value, as determined by the Board, of one hundred thousand dollars ), (based on the fair market value on the date of grant), with of such award to be awarded as restricted stock units and of such award to be awarded as stock options, such grant to vest in its entirety on the earlier of the first anniversary of the date of grant or the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders following the date of grant. 
 
 In September 2007, the Class A Stockholders approved the 2007 Directors Plan. From September 2007 through September 2011, the 2007 Directors Plan provided for the automatic grant to each non-employee director, on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders, of non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock at a purchase price per share equal to the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant and restricted stock units. In September 2012, the Class A Stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of the 2007 Directors Plan (the Amended 2007 Directors Plan ), which provided for the automatic grant to each non-employee director, on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders, of stock options and restricted stock units with a value equal to a fixed dollar amount. The total amount, as well as the relative percentage of stock options and restricted stock units, were to be determined annually by the Board (or committee designated by the Board) in advance of the grant date. The value of the stock option was determined based on the Black-Scholes option pricing method, with the exercise price being the fair market value of the Common Stock on the grant date, and the value of the restricted stock unit portion is the fair market value of the Common Stock on the grant date. In December 2015, the Board approved amendment number 2 to the Amended 2007 Directors Plan to provide that a non-employee director elected between annual meetings of stockholders would receive a grant at the time of such election equal to a pro rata portion of the most recent annual grant of stock options and restricted stock units, based on the number of regular Board meetings remaining to be held for the annual period during which such election occurred. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, an aggregate of options at a weighted average exercise price of per share and restricted stock units were granted to the non-employee directors under the 2017 Directors Plan, such grant to vest in its entirety on the earlier of the first anniversary of the date of grant or the date of the next annual meeting of Stockholders following the date of grant. As of May 31, 2023, non-qualified stock options to purchase and shares were outstanding under the 2017 Directors Plan and 2007 Directors Plan, respectively. At May 31, 2023, shares of Common Stock were available for issuance under the 2017 Directors Plan. 
 
 Stock Options - Generally, stock options granted under the Company's equity plans may not be exercised for a minimum of after the date of grant and expire seven to after the date of grant. The intrinsic value of certain stock options is tax deductible by the Company upon exercise, if compliant with current tax law. The Company amortizes the fair value of stock options as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis, or sooner if the employee effectively vests upon termination of employment for certain retirement-eligible employees, as well as in certain other events. 

64 

Total stock-based compensation cost (pretax) Tax benefits (shortfalls) related to stock-based compensation cost ) ) Weighted average grant date fair value per option 
 
 Pretax stock-based compensation cost is recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses. As of May 31, 2023, the total pretax compensation cost not yet recognized by the Company with regard to outstanding unvested stock options was . The weighted average period over which this compensation cost is expected to be recognized is years. 

Granted Exercised ) Expired, canceled and forfeited ) Outstanding at May 31, 2023 Exercisable at May 31, 2023 
 
 Restricted Stock Units In addition to stock options, the Company has issued restricted stock units to certain officers and senior management under the 2021 Plan and the 2011 Plan. The restricted stock units convert to shares of Common Stock on a one-for-one basis upon vesting, which for time-vested restricted stock units is typically in three or four equal annual installments beginning with the first anniversary of the date of grant. During fiscal 2023, there were and shares of Common Stock issued upon the vesting of restricted stock units under the 2021 Plan and 2011 Plan, respectively. The Company measures the value of restricted stock units at fair value based on the number of units granted and the price of the underlying Common Stock on the grant date. The Company amortizes the fair value of outstanding restricted stock units as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis, or sooner if the employee effectively vests upon termination of employment under certain circumstances. 
 
 Weighted average grant date price per unit 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, the total pretax compensation cost not yet recognized by the Company with regard to unvested restricted stock units was . The weighted average period over which this compensation cost is expected to be recognized is years. 
 
 Management Stock Purchase Plan - The Company maintains the Scholastic Corporation Management Stock Purchase Plan (the MSPP ), which permits certain members of senior management to defer up to of his or her annual cash bonus payments in the form of restricted stock units (the "MSPP RSUs which are purchased by the employee at a discount from the lowest closing price of the Common Stock on NASDAQ on any day during the fiscal quarter in which such bonuses are awarded. The MSPP RSUs are converted into shares of Common Stock on a one-for-one basis at the end of the applicable deferral period, which must be a minimum of . The Company measures the value of MSPP RSUs based on the number of awards granted and the price of the underlying Common Stock on the grant date, giving effect to the discount. The Company amortizes this discount as stock-based compensation 
 
 65 

Purchase price per unit 
 
 At May 31, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock remaining authorized for issuance under the MSPP. 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, the total pretax compensation cost not yet recognized by the Company with regard to unvested MSPP RSUs was . The weighted average period over which this compensation cost is expected to be recognized is years. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested as of May 31, 2023 
 
 The total fair value of shares vested during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan - The Company maintains the Scholastic Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which is offered to eligible United States employees. The ESPP permits participating employees to purchase Common Stock, with after-tax payroll deductions, on a quarterly basis at a discount from the closing price of the Common Stock on NASDAQ on the last business day of the calendar quarter. The Company recognizes the discount on the Common Stock issued under the ESPP as stock-based compensation expense in the quarter in which the employees began participating in the ESPP. 
 
 Weighted average purchase price per share 
 
 At May 31, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock remaining authorized for issuance under the ESPP. 

66 

14. 
 
 December 2022 March 2023 Total current Board authorizations Less repurchases made under the authorizations as of May 31, 2023 ) Remaining Board authorization at May 31, 2023 
 
 Remaining Board authorization at May 31, 2023 represents the amount remaining under the current Board authorization for Common share repurchases announced on March 22, 2023, which is available for further repurchases, from time to time as conditions allow, on the open market or through negotiated private transactions. See Note 22, "Subsequent Events", for additional Board authorization for Common share repurchases. 
 
 Pursuant to a Board authorization on October 19, 2022, the Company commenced a modified Dutch auction tender offer on October 25, 2022, which expired on November 22, 2022. Pursuant to this offer, the Company purchased of its Common shares at a price of per share for a total cost of , including related fees and expenses. The Common shares purchased represented approximately of the Common shares outstanding as of November 21, 2022. The Company funded the purchase of the shares in the tender offer using cash on hand. 
 
 During the twelve months ended May 31, 2023, there were repurchases of the Company's Common Stock, which included the shares repurchased through the modified Dutch auction tender offer and excise tax on share repurchases of . The Company's repurchase program may be suspended at any time without prior notice. 

15. 
 
 to its benefit obligation and a reduction to its accumulated comprehensive loss of in fiscal 2021. The related prior service credit is being amortized as a Component of net periodic benefit (cost) over the average remaining life expectancy of plan participants of approximately years. 
 
 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act (the Medicare Act introduced a prescription drug benefit under Medicare Medicare Part D as well as a Federal subsidy of to sponsors of retiree health care benefit plans providing a benefit that is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. The Company has determined that the US Postretirement benefits provided to its retiree population are in aggregate the actuarial equivalent of the benefits under Medicare Part D. As a result, in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a 
 
 67 

, and , respectively, due to the Federal subsidy under the Medicare Act. 
 
 Rate of compensation increase Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 
 To develop the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption for the UK Pension Plan, the Company considers historical returns and future expectations. Considering this information and the potential for lower future returns due to a generally lower interest rate environment, the Company selected an assumed weighted average long-term rate of return on plan assets of for the UK Pension Plan. 
 
 Interest cost Plan participants contributions Actuarial losses (gains) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Benefits paid, including expenses ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 The net actuarial gain included in the projected benefit obligation for the UK Pension in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the significant increase in discount rate and impact of inflation. The net actuarial gain included in the projected benefit obligation for the UK Pension in fiscal 2022 was primarily due to a significant increase in the discount rate. 
 
 The net actuarial gain included in the projected benefit obligation for the US Postretirement Benefits in fiscal 2023 was primarily attributable to the increase in discount rate and updated census data. The net actuarial gain included in the projected benefit obligation for the US Postretirement Benefits in fiscal 2022 was primarily due to updated census data and a significant increase in the discount rate. 

68 

Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Benefits paid, including expenses ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 
 ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) Net funded balance ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Prior service credit (cost) ) Amount recognized in Accumulated comprehensive income (loss) net of tax ) ) ) ) 
 
 Income tax expense of , and were recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss at May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligations Fair value of plan assets 

69 

Expected return on assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (credit) loss ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss Net periodic (benefit) cost ) ) ) 
 
 Actuarial gains and losses are amortized using a corridor approach. The gain or loss corridor is equal to 10 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the market-related value of assets. Gains and losses in excess of the corridor are amortized over the future working lifetime. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 The Company s investment policy with regard to the assets in the UK Pension Plan is to actively manage, within acceptable risk parameters, certain asset classes where the potential exists to outperform the broader market. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents Liability-driven instruments Real estate Other 
 
 The following table sets forth the targeted weighted average asset allocations for the UK Pension Plan included in the Company s investment policy: 
 UK Pension Plan Equity securities Cash and cash equivalents Liability-driven instruments Real estate Other Total 
 
 The fair values of the Company s Pension Plan assets are measured using Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 fair value measurements. 

70 

Equity securities: U.S. (1) 
 International (2) 
 Pooled, Common and Collective Funds (3) (4) 
 Annuities Real estate (5) 
 Total 
 Assets at Fair Value as of May 31, 2022 UK Pension Plan Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities: U.S. (1) 
 International (2) 
 Pooled, Common and Collective Funds (3) (4) 
 Annuities Real estate (5) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Funds which invest in a diversified portfolio of publicly traded U.S. common stocks of large-cap, medium-cap and small-cap 
 companies. There are no restrictions on these investments. 
 (2) Funds which invest in a diversified portfolio of publicly traded common stocks of non-U.S. companies, primarily in Europe and 
 Asia. There are no restrictions on these investments. 
 (3) Funds which invest in UK government bonds and bond index-linked investments and interest rate and inflation swaps. There are 
 no restrictions on these investments. 
 (4) Funds which invest in bond index funds available to certain qualified retirement plans but not traded openly on any 
 public exchanges. There are no restrictions on these investments. 
 (5) Represents assets of a non-U.S. entity plan invested in a fund whose underlying investments are comprised of properties. The 
 fund has publicly available quoted market prices and there are no restrictions on these investments. 
 
 The Company has purchased annuities to service fixed payments to certain retired plan participants in the UK. These annuities are purchased from investment grade counterparties. These annuities are not traded on open markets and are therefore valued based upon the actuarial determined valuation, and related assumptions, of the underlying projected benefit obligation, a Level 3 valuation technique. The fair value of these assets was and at May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively. 

71 

Actual Return on Plan Assets: Relating to assets still held at May 31, 2021 ) Relating to assets sold during the year Purchases, sales and settlements, net Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 Foreign currency translation ) Balance at May 31, 2022 Actual Return on Plan Assets: Relating to assets still held at May 31, 2022 ) Relating to assets sold during the year Purchases, sales and settlements, net Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 Foreign currency translation ) Balance at May 31, 2023 
 
 Contributions 
 
 In fiscal 2024, the Company expects to make contributions of to the UK Pension Plan. 
 
 Estimated future benefit payments 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 - 2033 
 
 Rate to which the cost trend is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
 
 Defined contribution plans 
 
 The Company also provides defined contribution plans for certain eligible employees. In the United States, the Company sponsors a 401(k) retirement plan and has contributed , and for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 72 

16. 
 
 ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) Tax (benefit) expense Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 The amounts reclassified out of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were recognized in Other components of net periodic benefit (cost) for all periods presented. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Less: amount reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (net of taxes) Amortization of net actuarial loss Amortization of prior service (credit) cost ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2022 (1) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Less: amount reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (net of taxes) Amortization of net actuarial loss Amortization of prior service (credit) cost ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2023 (1) 
 ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the UK Pension Plan and US Postretirement Benefits are reported net of taxes of , and at May 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

73 

17. 
 
 ) Weighted average Shares of Class A Stock and Common Stock outstanding for basic earnings (loss) per share (in millions) Dilutive effect of Class A Stock and Common Stock potentially issuable pursuant to stock-based compensation plans (in millions) Adjusted weighted average Shares of Class A Stock and Common Stock outstanding for diluted earnings (loss) per share (in millions) Earnings (loss) per share of Class A Stock and Common Stock Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) Anti-dilutive shares pursuant to stock-based compensation plans 
 The Company experienced a net loss for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2021 and therefore did not report any dilutive share impact. 
 
 The Company measures diluted earnings per share using the Treasury Stock method. 

As of May 31, 2023, remains available for future purchases of common shares under the current repurchase authorization of the Board of Directors. 
 
 See Note 14, Treasury Stock, and Note 22, "Subsequent Events," for a more complete description of the Company s share buy-back program. 

18. 
 
 Accrued bonus and commissions Accrued other taxes Returns liability Accrued advertising and promotions Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses 

74 

Accruals Payments ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The Company implemented cost reduction programs in fiscal 2022, recognizing severance and related charges of . 

19. 

and , respectively. Net unrealized gains of and were recognized at May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively. 

20. 

75 

S Intangible assets 
 Net carrying value as of Fair value measured and recognized using Impairment losses for fiscal year ended Additions due to acquisitions May 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 May 31, 2022 Accounts Receivable (1) 
 Inventory (1) 
 Other Assets (1) 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 (1) These assets are related to the direct sales business in Asia. Refer to Note 4, "Asset Write Down", for a more complete description. Net carrying value as of Fair value measured and recognized using Impairment losses for fiscal year ended Additions due to acquisitions May 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 May 31, 2021 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 

21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 On January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a share repurchase agreement to purchase shares of its common stock from the Estate of M. Richard Robinson, Jr. in a privately negotiated transaction. Pursuant to the repurchase agreement, the Company purchased shares of common stock on January 19, 2022 at a price of per share, representing an aggregate purchase price of . The price per share paid represented a discount to the closing price of the stock, , on the date of execution of the repurchase agreement. The repurchase was made pursuant to the Company s current share repurchase program as previously approved by the Board. The aforementioned transaction was approved by the Board upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee. 

22. 
 
 , increasing the Company's total ownership to . 

76 

per share on the Company's Class A and Common Stock for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The dividend is payable on September 15, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 31, 2023. 
 
 On July 19, 2023, the Board also authorized an increase of for Common share repurchases under the Company's share buy-back program, resulting in a current Board authorization of , which includes remaining from the previous Board authorization less share repurchases of subsequent to May 31, 2023. 

77 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Scholastic Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Scholastic Corporation (the Company) as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(c) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended May 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated July 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 78 

Revenue Recognition - allocation of contract transaction price to identified performance obligations Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company identifies two performance obligations within its school-based book fair contracts, which include (i) the fulfillment of book fairs product and (ii) the fulfillment of product upon the redemption of incentive program credits by customers. The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price. Changes in the allocation of the transaction price could impact the timing of the recognition of revenue. 
 
 Considering the nature and volume of school-based book fair transactions, we identified the allocation of the transaction price to the identified performance obligations within school-based book fair contracts as a critical audit matter because the estimation of standalone selling price for the incentive program credits required especially challenging auditor effort and judgment in evaluating the methodology used to establish standalone selling price. Estimating standalone selling price for the incentive program credits utilizes estimates of a standardized value per credit. The standardized value per credit is based on historical experience of issuance and redemption patterns related to the incentive program, adjusted to normalize the data and to align with expectations of future redemptions. Changes in those assumptions can have a material effect on the amount of revenue recognized in the current or future periods. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s allocation of transaction price to the two performance obligations. We tested management s review controls over the significant assumptions, such as adjustments made to historical experience and redemption patterns, and completeness and accuracy of the data used in the calculation. 
 
 To test the allocation of revenue recognized in current and future periods, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology used and analyzing the historical experience and redemption patterns, particularly the adjustments made to normalize the data and to align with expectations of future redemptions. We tested the accuracy and completeness of the underlying historical incentive credit program data used in management s calculation. To test the accuracy and completeness of historical incentive program issuance and redemption data used in the analysis, we agreed the total incentive program activity to the source system and for a sample of transactions performed transactional testing to source documents. We also evaluated the appropriateness of management s adjustments to historical data by gaining an understanding of the nature of the adjustments, performing a sensitivity analysis and tracing the adjustments to the historical data to source documents. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1938, but we are unable to determine the specific year. 

July 21, 2023 

79 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Scholastic Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Scholastic Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Scholastic Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(c) and our report dated July 21 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 
 July 21, 2023 
 
 80 

Supplementary Financial Information Summary of Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited, amounts in millions except per share data) 
 
 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 Revenues 262.9 587.9 324.9 528.3 1,704.0 Cost of goods sold 144.5 260.4 161.1 220.4 786.4 Net income (loss) (45.4) 75.4 (19.3) 75.8 86.5 Net income (loss) attributable to Scholastic Corporation (45.5) 75.3 (19.2) 75.7 86.3 Net income (loss) per share of Class A and Common Stock: Basic (1) 
 (1.33) 2.17 (0.57) 2.33 2.56 Diluted (1) 
 (1.33) 2.12 (0.57) 2.26 2.49 2022 Revenues 259.8 524.2 344.5 514.4 1,642.9 Cost of goods sold 133.3 238.0 169.6 224.6 765.5 Net income (loss) (24.4) 68.4 (15.1) 52.1 81.0 Net income (loss) attributable to Scholastic Corporation (24.2) 68.3 (15.3) 52.1 80.9 Net income (loss) per share of Class A and Common Stock: Basic (1) 
 (0.70) 1.97 (0.44) 1.51 2.33 Diluted (1) 
 (0.70) 1.91 (0.44) 1.46 2.27 
 
 (1) The sum of the quarters may not equal the full year basic and diluted earnings per share since each quarter is calculated separately. 
 
 81 

Item 9 | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A | Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, after conducting an evaluation, together with other members of the Company s management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures as of May 31, 2023, have concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Corporation in its reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and accumulated and communicated to members of the Corporation s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of the Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Corporation. A corporation s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company s management (with the participation of the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer), after conducting an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), concluded that the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, which is included herein. There was no change in the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended May 31, 2023 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B | Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C | Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 82 

Part III 

Item 10 | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Corporation s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held September 20, 2023 to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. Certain information regarding the Corporation s Executive Officers is set forth in Part I - Item 1 - Business. 

Item 11 | Executive Compensation 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Corporation s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held September 20, 2023 to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item 12 | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Corporation s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held September 20, 2023 to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item 13 | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Corporation s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held September 20, 2023 to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item 14 | Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Corporation s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held September 20, 2023 to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

83 

Part IV 

Item 15 | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements: The following Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Part II, Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data : 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 2023 and 2022; 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; and 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (a)(2) Supplementary Financial Information - Summary of Quarterly Results of Operations Financial Statement Schedule. and (c) The following consolidated financial statement schedule is included with this report: Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves. All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto. (a)(3) and (b) Exhibits: 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended to date (incorporated by reference to the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on October 6, 2006, SEC File No. 000-19860). 
 3.2 Bylaws of the Corporation, amended and restated as of December 12, 2007 (incorporated by reference to the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 14, 2007, SEC File No. 000-19860). 
 4.1 Description of the Company s securities, as filed herewith . 

84 

10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 27, 2021 (the Credit Agreement among Scholastic Corporation and Scholastic Inc., as Borrowers, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Truist Bank as Co-Syndication Agents, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, and Citibank, N.A. as Co-Agents and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on March 24, 2023, SEC File No. 000-19860 (the " February 2 8 , 2023 10-Q"). 
 10.2 First Amendment, dated as of February 28, 2023 , to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 27, 2021 (the Credit Agreement by and between Scholastic Corporation and Scholastic Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on March 24, 2023, SEC File No. 000-19860 (the "February 28, 2023 10-Q"). 
 10.3 Second Amendment, dated as of February 28,2023 , to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 27, 2021 (the Credit Agreement by and between Scholastic Corporation and Scholastic Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to the February 28, 2023 10-Q ). 
 10.4 Scholastic Corporation Management Stock Purchase Plan, amended and restated effective as of September 23, 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on July 30, 2009, SEC File No. 000-19860) (the 2009 10-K ), together with Amendment No. 1 to the Scholastic Corporation Management Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of September 21, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Corporation s definitive Proxy Statement as filed with the SEC on August 9, 2011, SEC File No. 000-19860). 
 10.5 Scholastic Corporation Director s Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective as of September 23, 2008 (incorporated by reference to the 2009 10-K). 
 10.6 Scholastic Corporation 2007 Outside Directors Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Directors Plan effective as of September 23, 2008 (incorporated by reference to the 2009 10-K) and the Amended and Restated Scholastic Corporation 2007 Outside Directors Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on January 2, 2013, SEC File No. 000-19860) (the "November 30, 2012 10-Q ), and Amendment No. 1, effective as of May 21, 2013 (incorporated by reference to the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on July 25, 2013, SEC file No. 000-19860 (the "2013 10-K )), and Amendment No. 2, effective as of December 16, 2015 (incorporated by reference to the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on December 18, 2015, SEC File No. 000-19860) . 
 10.7 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2007 Directors Plan (incorporated by reference to the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on January 9, 2008, SEC File No. 000-19860) and the Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2007 Directors Plan, effective as of September 19, 2012 (incorporated by reference to the November 30, 2012 10-Q). 
 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2007 Directors Plan (incorporated by reference to the 2009 10-K) and the Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2007 Directors' Plan, effective July 1 8 , 2012 (incorporated by reference to the November 30, 2012 10-Q). 
 10.9 Scholastic Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on December 22, 2011, SEC File No. 000-19860 (the "November 30, 2011 10-Q")). Amendment No. 1 to the Scholastic Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the 2013 10-K) , Amendment No. 2 to the Scholastic Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on December 22, 2014, SEC File No. 000-19860) , and Amendment No. 3 to the Scholastic Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on December 20, 2018, SEC file No. 000-19860). 
 10.10 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Scholastic Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the November 30, 2011 10-Q). 
 10.11 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Scholastic Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the November 30, 2011 10-Q). 

85 

10.12 Scholastic Corporation 2017 Outside Directors Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on September 21, 2017, SEC file No. 000-19860)(the "August 31, 2017 10-Q"). 
 10.13 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Scholastic Corporation 2017 Outside Directors Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the August 31, 2017 10-Q). 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Scholastic Corporation 2017 Outside Directors Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the August 31, 2017 10-Q). 
 10.15 Offer of employment letter, effective November 18, 2019, between Scholastic Inc. and Sasha Quinton (incorporated by reference to the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on December 20, 2019, SEC file No. 000-19860). 
 10.16 Offer of employment letter, effective September 14, 2020, between Scholastic Inc. and Rosamund M. Else-Mitchell (incorporated by reference to the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on September 24, 2021, SEC file No. 000-19860)(the "August 31,2021 10-Q ). 
 10.17 Scholastic Corporation 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the August 3 1 , 202 2 10-Q). 
 10.18 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Scholastic Corporation 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the November 30, 2021 10-Q). 
 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Scholastic Corporation 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the November 30, 2021 10-Q). 
 10.20 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Scholastic Corporation and Peter Warwick, effective August 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the August 3 1 , 202 2 10-Q). 
 10.21 Stock Option Agreement between Scholastic Corporation and Peter Warwick, dated August 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the November 30, 2021 10-Q). 
 10.22 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between Scholastic Corporation and Peter Warwick, dated August 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the November 30, 2021 10-Q). 
 10.23 Performance Stock Unit Agreement between Scholastic Corporation and Peter Warwick, dated August 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the November 30, 2021 10-Q). 
 10.24 Share Repurchase Agreement between Scholastic Corporation and the Preliminary co-Executors of the Estate of M. Richard Robinson, Jr., effective January 12, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the C orporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on March 18, 2022, SEC file No. 000-19860)( the February 28, 2022 10-Q ). 
 10.25 Supplemental Incentive Bonus Plan Agreement between Scholastic Corporation and Rosamund M. Else-Mitchell, effective February 8, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the February 28, 2022 10-Q). 
 10.26 Performance Stock Unit Agreement between Scholastic Corporation and Peter Warwick, dated July 19, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the August 31, 2022 10-Q). 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Corporation, as of May 31, 202 3 . 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 

86 

31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document The referenced exhibit is a management contract or compensation plan or arrangement described in Item 601(b) (10) (iii) of Regulation S-K. In accordance with Regulation S-T, the XBRL-related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall be deemed to be furnished and not filed. 

Item 16 | Summary 
 
 None. 

87 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: July 21, 2023 SCHOLASTIC CORPORATION By: /s/ Peter Warwick President and Chief Executive Officer 

88 

Power of Attorney 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Peter Warwick his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and requisite to be done, as fully and to all the intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Peter Warwick President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) July 21, 2023 Peter Warwick /s/ Kenneth J. Cleary Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) July 21, 2023 Kenneth J. Cleary /s/ Paul Hukkanen Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) July 21, 2023 Paul Hukkanen /s/ Andr s Alonso Director July 21, 2023 Andr s Alonso /s/ James W. Barge Director July 21, 2023 James W. Barge /s/ John L. Davies Director July 21, 2023 John L. Davies /s/ Robert L. Dumont Director July 21, 2023 Robert L. Dumont /s/ Linda Li Director July 21, 2023 Linda Li /s/ Iole Lucchese Director July 21, 2023 Iole Lucchese /s/ Verdell Walker Director July 21, 2023 Verdell Walker /s/ David J. Young Director July 21, 2023 David J. Young 
 
 89 

Scholastic Corporation 
 
 Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 
 YEAR ENDED May 31, 2023 
 
 ITEM 15(c) 

S-1 

Returns liability (1) 
 Reserves for obsolescence Reserve for royalty advances 2022 Allowance for credit losses Returns liability (1) 
 Reserves for obsolescence Reserve for royalty advances (2) 
 2021 Allowance for credit losses Returns liability (1) 
 Reserves for obsolescence Reserve for royalty advances ) 
 
 (1) Represents actual returns charged to the reserve. 
 (2) Primarily represents write-offs for fully reserved advances. 

S-2 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41_5312023.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 Exhibit 4.1 

 SCHOLASTIC CORPORATION 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, Scholastic Corporation had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended - the Common Stock. 
 
 I. DESCRIPTION OF OUR COMMON STOCK 
 
 The following is a description of the material terms of our Common Stock as described in the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and any amendments thereto and our amended and restated by-laws, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws. We have filed copies of these documents as exhibits to our periodic reports filed with the SEC each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. 
 
 Our authorized capital stock presently consists of 4,000,000 shares of Class A Stock par value .01 per share, 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share and 70,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value .01 per share. As of June 30, 2023, 29,953,334 shares of Common Stock were outstanding, 1,656,200 shares of Class A were outstanding and zero shares of Preferred Stock were outstanding. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The holders of the Class A Stock and the holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on matters on which they are entitled to vote. The only voting rights vested in the holders of Common Stock, except as required by law, are the election of such number of directors as shall equal at least one-fifth of the members of the Board. The Class A Stock are entitled to elect all other directors and, except as required by law, to vote on all other matters. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The Class A and Common stock are entitled to receive dividends on an equal basis, as the board of directors may, from time to time, declare from funds legally available. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our Company, the holders of the Class A Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities subject to prior distribution rights of preferred stock then outstanding. 
 
 Other Rights 
 
 The Class A Stock can be converted to Common Stock at any time at the option of the holder. Neither the Preferred Stock or the Common Stock have any conversion rights. None of the Class A Stock, the Preferred Stock or the Common Stock have preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Class A Stock, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. All outstanding shares of Class A Stock and Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Subject to the rules and regulations of NASDAQ, the authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock will be available for future issuance without additional stockholder approval. 
 
 The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of the Class A Stock, and any shares of any series of Preferred Stock which we may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 NASDAQ Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol SCHL . 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 exhibit21_5312023.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 
 SCHOLASTIC CORPORATION incorporated in Delaware, USA. 
 SUBSIDIARY LIST as of May 31, 2023 
 (Subsidiaries are indented under its direct parent) 

 Scholastic Inc. New York Scholastic Entertainment Inc. New York 524 Films L.L.C. Delaware Listen Inn LLC (formerly Retroranch L.L.C.) Delaware Scholastic Interactive LLC New York Scholastic UK Ltd. England Scholastic Book Clubs Limited England Make Believe Ideas Ltd. (95 owned) England Chicken House Publishing Limited England Scholastic Limited England Scholastic Ireland Ltd. Ireland Weston Woods Studios, Inc. Delaware Georgetown Studios, Inc. Connecticut Children s Music Library, Inc. New York The Scholastic Store, Inc. New York Scholastic Distribution Services L.L.C. Delaware Klutz California Scholastic Export Inc. Delaware Learned Realty LLC New York Scholastic Book Fairs, Inc. Delaware Southwest Book Co., Inc. Texas Scholastic 557 Broadway, LLC Delaware Learning Ovations, Inc. Delaware Scholastic Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Scholastic Canada Ltd. Canada Ooka Island Inc. Canada Scholastic Hong Kong Ltd. Hong Kong Scholastic India Private Limited 1 
 India Scholastic Mexico S. de R. L. de C.V. Mexico Scholastic New Zealand Ltd. New Zealand Scholastic Argentina S.R.L. Argentina Scholastic Education Information Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Scholastic International IT Support Centre Private Limited India Scholastic Education International (Singapore) Private Limited Singapore Scholastic Reading (Beijing) Culture Development Co. Ltd. China Scholastic (Asia) SDN. BHD Malaysia Grolier Incorporated Delaware Scholastic Library Publishing, Inc. Delaware Grolier International, Inc. Delaware Grolier International Finance Inc. (Philippines) Philippines Grolier International Private Limited (India) India Grolier Overseas Incorporated Delaware Caribe Grolier, Inc. Puerto Rico 

1 1 owned by Scholastic Export Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 exhibit23_5212023.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1. Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-68181, 333-110301, 333-159589, and 333- 214036) pertaining to the Scholastic Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 2. Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-68185 and 333-178243) pertaining to the Scholastic Corporation Management Stock Purchase Plan, 
 3. Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-77010 and 333-148599) pertaining to the Scholastic Corporation 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 4. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-148600) pertaining to the Scholastic Corporation 2007 Outside Directors Stock Incentive Plan, 
 5. Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-178246, 333-200539 and 333-239453) pertaining to the Scholastic Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 6. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-222732) pertaining to the Scholastic Corporation 2017 Outside Directors Stock Incentive Plan, and 
 7. Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-266296) pertaining to the Scholastic Corporation 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 

of our reports dated July 21, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Scholastic Corporation, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of 
 Scholastic Corporation, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended May 31, 2023. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 July 21, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311_5312023.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

I, Peter Warwick, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Scholastic Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date July 21, 2023 s Peter Warwick 
 Peter Warwick 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312_5312023.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

I, Kenneth J. Cleary, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Scholastic Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date July 21, 2023 s Kenneth J. Cleary 
 Kenneth J. Cleary 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 exhibit32_5312023.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 with Respect to the Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 for the Year ended May 31, 2023 
 of Scholastic Corporation 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Scholastic Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify to the best of such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 2. Information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date July 21, 2023 s Peter Warwick Peter Warwick President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date July 21, 2023 s Kenneth J. Cleary Kenneth J. Cleary Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The certification set forth above is being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document of the Company or the certifying officers. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 schl-20230531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 schl-20230531_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 schl-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 schl-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 schl-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

