<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230802_10-K_edgar_data_1144879_0001144879-23-000176.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>45393525</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>312038</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>38813585</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2770528</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1802614</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1529412</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144879-23-000176.hdr.sgml : 20230802
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230802160320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144879-23-000176
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		233
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230802
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230802

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Applied Digital Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001144879
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				954863690
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31968
		FILM NUMBER:		231135436

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3811 TURTLE CREEK BLVD., SUITE 2100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-556-2465

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3811 TURTLE CREEK BLVD., SUITE 2100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Applied Blockchain, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210423

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Applied Science Products, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLIGHT SAFETY TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020926

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144879-23-000176.txt : 20230802

10-K
 1
 apld-20230531.htm
 10-K

apld-20230531 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from and 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 7370 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
 Classification Code Number) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 - 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of principal executive offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 

x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on November 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 1.95 for shares of the Registrant s common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market, was approximately million. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer, director, and holder of more than 5 of our common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 
 PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. o Yes No 
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of July 25, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents Page Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 Item 2. Properties 
 19 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 20 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 58 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 58 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 59 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 59 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 58 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 65 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 82 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 83 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 84 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 85 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 89 
 Signatures 
 90 
 
 3 

Part I 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. In some cases you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, seek, should, will, and would, or similar words. Statements that contain these words and other statements that are forward-looking in nature should be read carefully because they discuss future expectations, contain projections of future results of operations or of financial positions or state other forward-looking information. 
 
 These statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions, which are based on currently available information. Our actual results, and the assumptions on which we relied, could prove materially different from our expectations. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or actual operating results. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 Labor and other workforce shortages and challenges; 
 our dependence on principal customers; 
 the addition or loss of significant customers or material changes to our relationships with these customers; 
 our sensitivity to general economic conditions including changes in disposable income levels and consumer spending trends; 
 our ability to timely and successfully build new hosting facilities with the appropriate contractual margins and efficiencies; 
 our ability to continue to grow sales in our hosting business; 
 volatility of cryptoasset prices 
 uncertainties of cryptoasset regulation policy; and 
 equipment failures, power or other supply disruptions. 
 
 You should carefully review the risks described in Item 1A of this Annual Report on form 10-K, as the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect, which may be material, on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Our Business 
 
 We are a designer, builder and operator of next-generation digital infrastructure. We have three primary business streams, artificial intelligence AI cloud services, high performance computing HPC datacenter hosting, and crypto datacenter hosting. 
 
 AI Cloud Service 
 Our AI Cloud service operates through our Sai Computing brand and provides cloud services applicable to artificial intelligence. 
 
 On October 13, 2022, we formed Sai Computing, LLC Sai Computing ). Sai Computing was formed to provide artificial intelligence and machine learning application customers with access to machines and a hosting environment. 
 4 

On May 15, 2023, we announced the formal launch of our AI cloud services business through Sai Computing. On May 16, 2023, we announced that Sai Computing secured its first major AI customer with an agreement worth up to 180 million over a 24-month period. The customer will make a significant prepayment as part of the agreement. 
 
 On May 25, 2023, we formed Sai Computing Holdings LLC Sai Holdings and Sai-Foundry Computing LLC Sai-Foundry ). Sai Holdings serves as the parent entity over Sai Computing and Sai-Foundry, and Sai-Foundry will serve as the joint venture entity between the Company and Foundry Technologies Foundry ). We have a 98 ownership interest in Sai-Foundry and consolidate the entity. 
 
 On June 23, 2023, we announced that we had signed our second customer in our AI cloud hosting business. This agreement has a value worth up to 460 million over 36 months. 
 
 To support our AI Cloud Services business, we have placed orders for over 26,000 Graphics Processing Units ("GPUs"). We have also entered into two contracts with colocation service providers for secure space and energy for our hosting services. Our current strategy is to use a mix of third-party colocation centers and our HPC datacenters to deliver AI Cloud services to customers. 
 
 HPC Datacenter Hosting 
 
 Our HPC datacenter business designs, builds, and operates Next-Gen datacenters which are designed to provide massive computing power and support high-compute applications within a cost-effective model. 
 
 On December 14, 2022, we announced the beginning of construction of a 5 megawatt MW facility next to the Company s currently operating 100-MW hosting facility in Jamestown, North Dakota. We subsequently determined to increase the capacity of this facility to 9 MW. This separate and unique building, designed and purpose-built for GPUs, will sit separate from our crypto hosting buildings and will host more traditional high performance computing applications, such as natural language processing, machine learning, and additional HPC developments. This facility is expected to be brought online in the second half of calendar year 2023. During early calendar year 2023, we began testing HPC hosting at this facility. The systems in this facility passed initial testing in the second calendar quarter of 2023. 
 
 We have current plans to expand our HPC hosting capacity up to 200 MW through build outs at existing and future locations. 
 
 Crypto Datacenter Hosting 
 Our crypto datacenter hosting business provides infrastructure and colocation services to crypto mining customers. With expert advisors in the fields of power, crypto mining operations, procurement, and construction, we have designed and implemented a plan for a prefabricated facility and organization within the facility that can be delivered and installed quickly and maximize performance and efficiency of the facility and our customers crypto mining equipment. We provide energized space for customers to host computing equipment. 
 
 We have a colocation business model where our customers place hardware they own into our facilities and we provide operational and maintenance services for a fixed fee. We typically enter into long-term fixed rate contracts with our customers. 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, we had approximately 185 MW of capacity online and available to service crypto mining customers. Subsequent to May 31, 2023, we brought another 100 MW of capacity online, bringing total energized capacity to approximately 285 MW as of the date of this report. Additionally, there is another 200 MW of capacity the Company has committed to energize, all of which is contracted for under multi-year arrangements. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with GMR Limited ("GMR") to form Highland Digital Holdings, LLC ("Highland Digital"). Highland Digital is dormant and the Company currently has no plans to use the entity for any activities. 
 5 

REIT structure 
 As our operations expand, we believe our business structure may become conducive to a REIT structure, comparable to Digital Realty Trust (NYSE: DLR) and Equinix, Inc. (NASDAQ: EQIX), each of which is a traditional datacenter operator, and Innovative Industrial Properties, Inc. (NYSE: IIPR), a specialty REIT that similarly services a new growth industry. We have begun to investigate the possibility, costs and benefits of converting to a REIT structure. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 Premier strategic collaboration with leading industry participants. 
 
 On May 24, 2023, we announced that we are working with Super Micro Computer, Inc. ("Super Micro"), a global leader in Application-Optimized Total IT Solutions, to deliver Applied Digital s AI Cloud service. Super Micro is a leading provider of application-optimized, high-performance server and storage solutions that address a broad range of computational-intensive workloads. Super Micro s next-generation GPU servers significantly lower the power requirements of data centers. With the amount of power required to enable today's rapidly evolving large scale AI models, optimizing the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) and the Total Cost to Environment (TCE) is crucial to data center operators. 
 
 On June 30, 2023, we announced a collaboration with Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company ("HPE"), a global edge-to-cloud company. As part of the collaboration, HPE will deliver its powerful, energy-efficient supercomputers that are proven to support large-scale AI through Applied Digital's AI cloud service. 
 
 Access to low-cost power with long-term services agreement 
 
 One of the main benefits of our electrical services agreements for our Jamestown, North Dakota and Ellendale, 
 North Dakota facilities is the low cost of power. Power capacity available for high computing power processes is 
 scarce, especially at scalable sites with over 100 MW of potential capacity. This scarcity of power allows us to 
 realize attractive hosting rates in the current market, in particular given our ability to provide long-term (3-5 year) 
 hosting contracts. 
 
 Benefits of Next-Gen datacenters compared to traditional datacenters. 
 
 Next-Gen datacenters are optimized for large computing power and require more power than traditional datacenters that are optimized for data retention and retrieval. Next-Gen datacenters and traditional datacenters also have very different layouts, internet connection requirements and cooling designs to accommodate different power demands and customer requirements. Traditional datacenters cannot be easily converted to Next-Gen datacenter facilities like ours because of these differences. Geographically, traditional datacenters are at a disadvantage because they require fiber bases, low-latency connections and connection redundancies that are usually found in high-cost areas with high-density populations. 
 
 Hosting provides predictable, recurring revenue and cash flow 
 
 Within each of our business streams, we have entered into long-term fixed rate contracts with our customers. In addition, we have obtained access to low cost energy through our energy services agreements, which provides us with consistent margins and cash flow. We intend for the steady cash flows generated by our operations to be reinvested into our AI Cloud services and HPC datacenter businesses. 
 
 Strong management team 
 
 We have continued to expand our leadership team by attracting top talent in the digital infrastructure space. Recent hires from both publicly traded and private companies have allowed us to build a team capable of designing and 
 6 

constructing hosting facilities, for example, our Chief Technology Officer, Michael Maniscalco. Mr. Maniscalco was an Entrepreneur in Residence at Stanley Black Decker Venture Studio (StanleyX AI) in 2021. He was a founder and Chief Executive Officer of Better Living Technologies from 2018 to 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Maniscalco founded, and was Vice President of Product, of Ihiji from 2009 to 2018. 
 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 Continued expansion of businesses. 
 
 We have started expansion into hosting for HPC applications. We have current plans to expand our HPC hosting capacity up to 200 MW through build outs at existing and future locations. Further, we launched our AI cloud hosting services business through Sai Computing and have announced our first major customer. 
 
 Leverage leading equipment vendors to grow operations while minimizing risk. 
 
 We believe that the signing of our initial customers for our AI cloud service business will help us elevate our profile within the market. Further, we are working with Super Micro and HPE, which are both leading vendors in the AI hosting space, and we believe that we will be able to leverage their networks to identify leads for the expansion of our AI cloud services and HPC datacenter hosting businesses. 
 
 Secure scalable power sites. 
 
 We have developed a pipeline of potential power sources across our sites in Jamestown, North Dakota; Garden City, Texas; and Ellendale, North Dakota. Through our build-out of our first North Dakota facility and the prior 
 experience our leadership team brings to our initiatives, we believe that we have developed a repeatable power 
 strategy to significantly scale our operations. In addition, we are currently focused on and will continue to target 
 states that have favorable laws and regulations for HPC application industries, which we believe further minimizes 
 the associated with risks the scaling of our operations. 
 
 Vertically integrate power assets. 
 
 With recent additions to our management team, we are increasingly looking at various types of power assets to support the growth of our hosting operations. This also includes power generation assets, which longer-term could be used to reduce our cost of power. Our management team has experience not only in evaluating and acquiring power assets, but also in the conversion of power assets to crypto mining/hosting operations and the construction of datacenters with the specific purpose of mining cryptocurrency assets. 
 
 Site Selection Criteria 
 
 To the extent we are building new facilities, our site selection criteria considers geographic diversity, attractive return on investment, and environmental impact. 
 
 Geographic Diversity 
 
 Geographic diversity minimizes the risk to us of any event in a particular region that may impact our facilities. We expect to choose locations in environments that are policy and regulation friendly, and find sites with less expensive stable energy. 
 
 Environmental Impact 
 
 We are doing our part to be as environmentally conscious as possible when choosing sites for development by targeting renewable energy assets to minimize our carbon footprint. Further, because Next-Gen datacenters like ours represent a unique power load, we believe our demand for renewable energy and entry into agreements with renewable energy providers will increase and accelerate the buildout of renewable energy infrastructures. 
 
 7 

There is no assurance that selection criteria will be met or that viable sites will be selected. 
 
 Customers 
 
 We have material customer concentration in our crypto datacenter hosting business. We have entered into service contracts with Spring Mud, LLC (a subsidiary of GMR Limited) Bitmain Technologies Limited, Arrakis, Inc., Hashing LLC, Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc., and Global Operating Infrastructure, LLC ("GOI"), who have collectively contracted to use the entire capacity of our three crypto hosting datacenters. 
 
 GMR Limited GMR holds more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock. Guo Chen, a 50 owner and sole director of GMR, is also deemed to beneficially own shares of our Common Stock held by GMR. 
 
 Mr. Chen owns 60 of Alternity Fund Ltd., which owns 100 of GOI. On December 8th, 2021, we entered into a Service Order with GOI pursuant to which we provide energized space for mining activities of GOI. Our hosting arrangements with Spring Mud and GOI are therefore considered related party transactions. We have disclosed related party revenue in the accompanying footnotes to the financial statements, 
 
 Our crypto hosting site-level strategy consists of having one key anchor tenant that has signed a 3 5 year long-term contract at the site and filling the rest of the facility with customers with 18 36 month terms. 
 
 We have also material customer concentrations in our AI cloud services business, as we only have two customers. On May 16, 2023, we announced that we had signed our first customer in our AI cloud hosting business. This agreement has a value worth up to 180 million over 24 months, and contains a significant prepayment. On June 23, 2023, we announced that we had signed our second customer in our AI cloud hosting business with a total value worth up to 460 million over 36 months. If we acquire rights to additional properties and build additional facilities, we intend to use a mix of third-party colocation centers and our HPC datacenters to deliver AI Cloud services to customers. 
 
 Environmental Regulations 
 
 North Dakota is one of the states leading the United States in wind power generation. The power comes off a grid and we cannot control whether that energy is generated by wind or other methods. Currently, we do not have access to such information. In addition, we expect our Texas facility will be largely supplied with power that is generated from wind, including power generated by the adjacent wind farm. Beyond the wind farm, the data center will be connected to the Wind Energy Transmission of Texas transmission lines, which for the most part transmit wind generated power. We are, however, not purchasing the renewable energy credits from the wind generation facility. We have, and will continue to, consider opportunities for limiting the impact of our business on the environment. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, we had 121 employees, all of whom were full time. We also had 6 independent contractors who focus full time on our business and 67 independent contractors who worked on a part time basis on our business. We have relied and plan on continuing to rely on independent organizations, advisors and consultants to perform certain services for us. Such services may not always be available to us on a timely basis, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our future performance will depend in part on our ability to successfully integrate newly hired employees and to engage and retain consultants, as well as our ability to develop an effective working relationship with our employees and consultants. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 We are at an early stage of development of our hosting business, currently have limited sources of revenue, and may not become profitable in the future. 
 
 Although we began generating revenue from crypto mining in June 2021 and began generating revenue from hosting operations when our first co-hosting facility came online on February 2, 2022, we are subject to the risks and 
 8 

uncertainties of a new business, including the risk that we may never further develop, complete development of or market any of our proposed services. During the building of our co-hosting operations, we determined that it would be beneficial to our stockholders to focus more of our resources on building our co-hosting operations than on expanding our mining operations. Accordingly, in December 2021, we began selling our crypto mining equipment. On March 9, 2022, we ceased all crypto mining operations and completed the sale of all crypto mining equipment in service. We have no plans to return to crypto mining operations in the future. 
 
 Accordingly, we have only a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made. Hosting revenues includes only fees from access to space and electricity and not maintenance or other services provided by us. Direct costs of sales from hosting includes operations, maintenance, and power related costs. However, any increased hosting revenue or decreased costs, for instance, as a result of pricing power, economies of scale and additional services provided, or any decrease in demand for our hosting services, for example as a result of increased regulation on cryptoasset mining of our hosting customers or a significant decrease in cryptoasset prices, will significantly change the terms on which we are able to enter into additional agreements necessary to expand our business and thus impact the results of our hosting revenues and direct hosting costs. 
 
 We intend to reduce the impact of such variability on our hosting revenue and hosting costs by entering into long term contracts with the goal of having one blue chip anchor tenant that has signed a 3-5 year long-term contract at each site and filling the rest of the facility with customers with 18-36 month terms. The actual results may vary significantly from the plans set forth above and we make no representations with respect thereto. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully implement our development plan or to increase our generation of revenue, we will not become profitable, and we may be unable to continue our operations. Furthermore, our proposed operations are subject to all business risks associated with new enterprises. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with the expansion of a business, operation in a competitive industry, and the continued development of advertising, promotions and a corresponding customer base. There can be no assurances that we will operate profitably. 
 
 Our success depends on external factors in the cryptomining industry. 
 
 We have a material concentration of customers in the crypto mining industry. The cryptomining industry is subject to various risks which could adversely affect our current customers ability to continue to operate their businesses, including, but not limited to: 
 
 ongoing and future government or regulatory actions that could effectively prevent our customers mining operations, with little to no access to policymakers and lobbying organizations in many jurisdictions; 
 
 a high degree of uncertainty about cryptoassets status as a security, a commodity or a financial instrument in any relevant jurisdiction which may subject our customers to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, and other penalties; 
 
 banks or financial institutions may close the accounts of businesses engaging in cryptoasset-related activities as a result of compliance risk, cost, government regulation or public pressure; 
 
 use of cryptoassets in the retail and commercial marketplace is limited; 
 
 extreme volatility in the market price of cryptoassets that may harm our customers financial resources, ability to meet their contractual obligations to us or cause them to reduce or cease mining operations; 
 
 use of a ledger-based platform may not necessarily benefit from viable trading markets or the rigors of listing requirements for securities creating higher potential risk for fraud or the manipulation of the ledger due to a control event; 
 
 9 

concentrated ownership, large sales of cryptoassets, or distributions or redemptions by vehicles invested in cryptoassets could have an adverse effect on the demand for, and market price of, such cryptoasset; 
 
 our customers could face difficulty adapting to emergent digital ledgers, blockchains, or alternatives thereto, rapidly changing technology or methods of, rules of, or access to, platforms; 
 
 the number of cryptoassets awarded for solving a block in a blockchain could decrease, which may adversely affect our customers incentive to expend processing power to solve blocks and/or continue mining and our customers may not have access to resources to invest in increasing processing power when necessary in order to maintain the continuing revenue production of their mining operations; 
 
 our customers may face third parties' intellectual property claims or claims relating to the holding and transfer of cryptoassets and their source code, which, regardless of the merit of any such action, could reduce confidence in some or all cryptoasset networks long-term viability or the ability of end-users to hold and transfer cryptoassets; 
 
 contributors to the open-source structure of the cryptoasset network protocols are generally not directly compensated for their contributions in maintaining and developing the protocol and may lack incentive to properly monitor and upgrade the protocols; 
 
 a disruption of the Internet on which our customers business of mining cryptoassets is dependent; 
 
 decentralized nature of the governance of cryptoasset systems, generally by voluntary consensus and open competition with no clear leadership structure or authority, may lead to ineffective decision making that slows development or prevents a network from overcoming emergent obstacles; and 
 
 security breaches, hacking, or other malicious activities or loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used to store our customers cryptoassets could adversely affect their ability to access or sell their cryptoassets or effectively utilize impacted platforms. 
 
 Even if we are able to diversify our customer base, negative impacts to the cryptomining industry may negatively affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 We are a development stage company with a small management team and are subject to the strains of ongoing development and growth, which will place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. Although we may not grow as we expect, if we fail to manage our growth effectively or to develop and expand our managerial, operational and financial resources and systems, our business and financial results could be materially harmed. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. Further, we cannot provide any assurance that we will successfully identify emerging trends and growth opportunities in this business sector and we may lose out on opportunities. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations. 
 
 We may be unable to raise additional capital needed to grow our business. 
 
 We expect to need to raise substantial additional capital to expand our operations, pursue our growth strategies and to respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements. We may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which could impair our growth and adversely affect our existing operations. 
 
 10 

If we raise additional equity financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests, and the per share value of our common stock could decline. Furthermore, if we engage in additional debt financing, the holders of debt likely would have priority over the holders of common stock on order of payment preference. We may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends to our shareholders, or take other actions. We may also be required to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios that could otherwise not be in the interests of our stockholders. 
 
 If we incorrectly estimate our hosting capacity requirements and related capital expenditures, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We are continuously evaluating our capacity requirements in order to effectively manage our capital expenditures and operating results. However, we may be unable to accurately project our future capacity needs or sufficiently allocate resources to address such needs. If we under estimate these requirements, we may not be able to provide sufficient service to existing customers or may be required to limit new customer acquisition, both of which may materially and adversely impair our results of operations. 
 
 Similarly, we have entered into multi-year contract commitments with colocation service providers. If we overestimate our capacity requirements and therefore secure excess capacity and have excess capital expenditures, our operating material could be materially reduced. 
 
 Any disruption of service experienced by certain of our third-party service providers, or our ineffective management of relationships with third-party service providers could harm our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and prospects. 
 
 We rely on several third-party service providers for services that are essential to our business model, the most important of which are our suppliers of power, electrical equipment, building materials, and construction services. Additionally, as we build our AI Cloud services, we also expect to rely on third parties to lease or sell us equipment which we then lease to certain of our AI Cloud customers. If these third parties experience difficulty providing the services or products we require, or if they experience disruptions or financial distress or cease operations temporarily or permanently, or if the products they supply are defective or cease to operate for any reason, it could make it difficult for us to execute our operations. If we are unsuccessful in identifying or finding highly qualified third-party service providers, or if we fail to negotiate cost-effective relationships with them or if we are ineffective in managing and maintaining these relationships, it could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and prospects. 
 
 Certain natural disasters or other external events could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. 
 
 We may experience disruptions due to mechanical failure, power outage, human error, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, pandemics, hurricane, flood and other natural disasters, sabotage and vandalism. Our systems may be susceptible to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, computer denial of service attacks, phishing schemes, or other attempts to harm or access our systems. Such disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and prospects. 
 
 Various actual and potential conflicts of interest may be detrimental to stockholders. 
 
 Certain conflicts of interest may exist, or be perceived to exist, between certain of our directors or officers and us. Mr. Cummins and certain of our directors have other business interests to which they also must devote time, resources and attention. These other interests may conflict with such officer s or director s interest in us, including conflicting with interests in allocating resources, time and attention to our business and impacting decisions made on our behalf with respect to such entities, their affiliates or competitors. 
 
 11 

We do not have specific procedures in place with respect to potential conflicts of interest, however, in determining to engage with potential competitors and entities with whom our officers or directors may have relationships, we considered the risks and risk mitigation factors, including requiring that transactions valued at over 120,000 in which our officers, directors and holders of more than 5 of our common stock have an interest be approved or ratified by our Audit Committee. Mr. Cummins holds over 22 of our common stock, and has a financial interest in the success of our operations. 
 
 We also have more than a majority of independent directors on our Board in order to ensure that there are limitations on the risks of conflicts of interest impacting Board level decisions. We cannot, however, guarantee that the conflicts of interest described above, or other future conflicts of interest, will not manifest in advice or decisions that negatively impact our financial results and our operations. 
 
 The loss of any of our management team, our inability to execute an effective succession plan, or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our success and future growth will depend to a significant degree on the skills and services of our management team. We will need to continue to grow our management team in order to alleviate pressure on our existing team and in order to continue to develop our business. If our management team, including any new hires that we may make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. Furthermore, if we fail to execute an effective contingency or succession plan with the loss of any member of our management team, the loss of such management personnel may significantly disrupt our business. 
 
 The loss of key members of our management team could inhibit our growth prospects. Our future success also depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate key management and operating personnel. As we continue to develop and expand our operations, we may require personnel with different skills and experiences, and who have a sound understanding of our business and high computing power technologies. The market for highly qualified personnel in this industry is very competitive and we may be unable to attract such personnel. If we are unable to attract such personnel, our business could be harmed. 
 
 Employee disputes or litigation and related unfavorable publicity may negatively affect our future business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We may become involved in lawsuits or other disputes relating to employment matters, such as hostile work place, discrimination, wage and hour disputes, sexual harassment, or other employment issues. These types of claims, depending on their nature, can have a significant negative impact on businesses. Certain companies that have faced employment- or harassment-related lawsuits have had to terminate management or other key personnel, and have borne economic and other costs and suffered reputational harm that has negatively impacted their business. If we were to face any employment-related claims, our business could be negatively affected. 
 
 As previously disclosed, on June 23, 2023, the Company announced an internal investigation with respect to a potential sexual harassment claim between two of our executive officers. Based on information obtained through the investigation, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors determined that the relationship between the parties was consensual and the allegations of workplace harassment are unfounded. However, we cannot guarantee that this matter is resolved or that these or subsequent allegations will not result in litigation or other disputes. In such an event, we would likely incur significant legal fees and expenses, and any dispute could distract our management from the operation of our business or lead to employee separations from the Company. Moreover, while we do not believe any such claim would have merit, any dispute or resolution could result in the payment of damages, severance, vesting of equity awards or payment of other amounts by the Company, which could be significant. All of these factors could negatively affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We may depend upon outside advisors who may not be available on reasonable terms as needed. 
 
 To supplement the business experience of our officers and directors, we may be required to employ technical experts, appraisers, attorneys, or other consultants or advisors. Our management, with our Board approval in certain cases, without any input from stockholders will make the selection of any such advisors. Furthermore, it is 
 12 

anticipated that such persons may be engaged on an as needed basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation to us. In the event we consider it necessary to hire outside advisors, we may elect to hire persons who are affiliates, if they are able to provide the required services. 
 
 COVID-19 or any pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the United States or elsewhere may adversely affect our business. 
 
 COVID-19 or any pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the United States or elsewhere may adversely affect our business. The COVID-19 virus has had unpredictable and unprecedented impacts in the United States and around the world. The implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations and overall financial performance remain uncertain. The economic effects of the pandemic and any recovery and resulting societal changes, including the impact of current labor shortages in the United States, are currently not predictable, and the future financial impacts could vary from current projections. 
 
 If our co-hosting customers determine not to use our co-hosting facility, our co-hosting operations may suffer from significant losses. 
 
 We currently have material customer concentration of cryptomining customers. 
 
 As a result of the risks our crypto mining customers face, it is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand for our services that will be generated by these customers or the future demand for the products and services of these customers. Should some or all of our co-hosting customers suffer from harm or loss due to a set of circumstances, their businesses could be negatively impacted or prevented. Further, our contracts with these customers permit them to terminate our services at any time (subject to notice and certain other provisions). 
 
 If any of our customers' experience declining mining operations for any reason or determine to stop utilizing our co-hosting facilities, we could be pressured to reduce the prices we charge for our services or we could lose a major customer. Any such development could have an adverse effect on our margins and financial position, and would negatively affect our revenues and results of operations. 
 
 Under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, we may have liability for the 1 stock buyback tax to the extent holders of Series E Preferred Stock require that we redeem such stock. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax (the Excise Tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the Excise Tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax. Any share redemption or other share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022 may be subject to the Excise Tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the Excise Tax will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of any redemptions and repurchases, (ii) the nature and amount of any equity issuances, and (iii) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. Depending on the number of shares of our Series E Preferred Stock we sell and the number of holders of Series E Preferred Stock who redeem their stock, the Excise Tax could be applicable to the Company and adversely affect the cash we have available for our operations. As of the date of this prospectus supplement we have not sold or issued any shares of Series E Preferred Stock. 
 
 We maintain cash deposits in excess of federally insured limits. Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, including bank failures, could adversely affect our liquidity and financial performance. 
 
 13 

We regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured banks that exceed the FDIC insurance limits. Bank failures, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to liquidity constraints. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank failed and was taken into receivership by the FDIC. The failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC or other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S., or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. 
 
 Accounting for our power purchase agreements could cause variability in the results we report. 
 With respect to certain of our power purchase agreements, it is both possible and probable that we will net settle them, meaning that we have the ability and intent to sell power back into the grid in lieu of taking full physical delivery of all of the contracted power. Accordingly, these agreements will meet the definition of an accounting derivative. This means that these agreements will be accounted for at fair value at each quarterly measurement period, and these values may fluctuate significantly. As a result, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly based on factors outside of our control. We could have substantial variability in our financial results and disclosures, which, if material, could affect our operating results and in turn could impact our stock price. Investors should consider such derivative accounting matters when evaluating our financial results. 
 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 Continued volatility of our stock price may affect the price at which you could sell our common stock. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on an investment in our securities: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 
 changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 
 
 relative success of our competitors; 
 
 our operating results failing to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 
 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us and the market for our co-hosting facilities and services; 
 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 
 our ability to continue to expand our operations; 
 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business or our industry; 
 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the borrowing of additional debt; 
 
 14 

the volume of shares of common stock available for public sale pursuant to an effective registration statement or exemption from registration requirements 
 
 any major change in our board of directors or management; 
 
 sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, international currency and crypto currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 
 
 Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general, and Nasdaq in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. 
 
 The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our common stock, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our common stock also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 We do not expect to declare or pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, which may limit the return our shareholders realize on their investment. 
 
 We do not expect to declare or pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will invest future earnings in the development and growth of our business. Therefore, holders of our common stock may not receive any return on their investment in our common stock unless and until the value of such common stock increases and they are able to sell such shares of common stock, and there is no assurance that any of the foregoing will occur. 
 
 Failure to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock value. 
 
 We are a newly public company and are now required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act SOX ), which requires our management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, we will need to upgrade our systems, including information technology, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting, finance and legal staff. 
 
 We have identified the following material weakness in the design of our internal controls: 
 
 We have not designed and implemented controls to ensure we can record, process, summarize, and report financial data. 
 
 We have not yet designed and implemented user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user and privileged access to the financially relevant systems and data to appropriate personnel. 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls associated with related party transactions and disclosures. Controls in place were not designed or implemented at a sufficient level of precision or rigor to effectively identify related party relationships and disclose their related transactions in our financial statements. 
 15 

We also do not have a properly designed internal control system that identifies critical processes and key controls. 
 
 We are in the process of remediating such material weaknesses and there can be no assurance as to when or if we will fully remediate such material weaknesses. 
 
 Our efforts to develop and maintain our internal controls may not be successful, and we may be unable to maintain effective controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future and comply with the certification and reporting obligations under Sections 302 and 404 of SOX. Any failure to maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in our implementation or improvement of our internal controls over financial reporting could result in material misstatements that are not prevented or detected on a timely basis, which could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. 
 
 You may experience dilution of your ownership interest because of the future issuance of additional equity in our company. 
 
 In the future, we may issue additional shares of capital stock in our company, resulting in the dilution of current stockholders relative ownership. Our board and stockholders have approved an employee incentive plan and a non-employee director incentive plan. We have reserved 18,000,897 shares of our common stock for future issuance under our plans. Such conversions and issuances would also result in dilution of current stockholders relative ownership. 
 
 On January 6, 2022, we and Antpool entered into a Limited Liability Company Agreement of 1.21 Gigawatts, LLC pursuant to which we and Antpool will own 80 and 20 , respectively, of 1.21 Gigawatts. Antpool s interest in each such entity will be convertible by it at any time into a number of shares of our common stock equal to Antpool s capital contribution in connection with the acquisition of such interests divided by 7.50. Antpool s potential ownership of our common stock is dependent on its capital contributions to 1.21 Gigawatts which in turn will depend on which projects are approved by us and Antpool and the costs associated therewith. Accordingly, we cannot predict the amount of Antpool s potential ownership of our common stock. 
 
 On January 14, 2022, we granted an aggregate of 1,791,666 restricted stock units RSUs to three consultants, consisting of 125,000 RSUs to Roland Davidson, who acts as our Executive Vice President of Engineering, 416,666 RSUs to Nick Phillips, our Executive Vice President of Hosting and Public Affairs, and 1,250,000 RSUs to Etienne Snyman, who acts as our Executive Vice President of Power. Subsequently, Mr. Phillips 416,666 RSUs were terminated and Mr. Phillips was hired as an employee receiving awards under our employee incentive plan. 
 
 On June 27, 2023, the Company began issuing and selling common stock under an "at the market" sale agreement, with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC ("Craig-Hallum Capital"), pursuant to which the Company may sell up to 125 million in shares of our common stock, par value .001 per share (the "Common Stock"). The Company has sold approximately 7.9 million shares. 
 
 We may also issue other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for equity in our company in connection with hiring or retaining employees or consultants, future acquisitions or future sales of our securities. 
 
 Provisions in our Articles, our Bylaws, and Nevada law may discourage a takeover attempt even if a takeover might be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 
 Provisions contained in our Articles and Bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us if we have become a publicly traded company. Provisions of our Articles and Bylaws impose various procedural and other requirements, which could make it more difficult for stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. For example, our Articles authorize our Board to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of unissued series of preferred stock without any vote or action by our stockholders. Thus, our Board can authorize and issue shares of 
 16 

preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting or other rights of holders of our other series of capital stock. These rights may have the effect of delaying or deterring a change of control of our company. Additionally, our Bylaws establish limitations on the removal of directors and on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings. 
 
 For a more complete understanding of these provisions, please refer to the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Articles and Bylaws filed with the SEC. Though we are not currently, in the future we may become subject to Nevada s control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevada s control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and it does business in Nevada or through an affiliated corporation. The law focuses on the acquisition of a controlling interest which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares sufficient, but for the control share law, to enable the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors: (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third; (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority; or (iii) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. 
 
 The effect of the control share law is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with it, obtains only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to strip voting rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed by the control share law. If control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights is entitled to demand fair value for the redemption of such stockholder s shares. Nevada s control share law may have the effect of discouraging takeovers of the corporation. 
 
 In addition to the control share law, Nevada has a business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and interested stockholders for two years after the interested stockholder first becomes an interested stockholder, unless our Board approves the combination in advance or thereafter by both the Board and 60 of the disinterested stockholders. For purposes of Nevada law, an interested stockholder is any person who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term business combination is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential acquirer to use the corporation s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests of the corporation and its other stockholders. The effect of Nevada s business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of us from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our Board. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade their recommendations regarding our common stock, its trading price and volume could decline. 
 
 We expect the trading market for our common stock to be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our business or our industry. As a new public company, we have only minimal research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If we do not expand securities or industry analyst coverage, or if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline and our common stock to be less liquid. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 
 
 17 

We may not be able to maintain the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq, which may adversely affect the ability of holders of common stock to resell their securities in the secondary market. 
 
 Our common stock is presently listed on Nasdaq, which requires us to meet certain conditions to maintain our listing status. If the Company is unable to meet the continued listing criteria of Nasdaq and the common stock became delisted, trading of the common stock could thereafter be conducted in the over-the-counter markets in the OTC Pink Market, also known as pink sheets or, if available, on another OTC trading platform. We cannot assure you that we will meet the criteria for continued listing, in which case the common stock could become delisted. Any such delisting could harm our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in the loss of confidence in our financial stability by suppliers, customers and employees. Investors would likely find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate market quotations for, the common stock, as the liquidity that Nasdaq provides would no longer be available to investors. In addition, the failure of our common stock to continue to be listed on the Nasdaq could adversely impact the market price for the common stock and our other securities, and we could face a lengthy process to re-list the common stock, if we are able to re-list such stock. 
 
 We are a public reporting company. There are ongoing costs in maintaining compliance with being a public reporting company and our management will spend a significant amount of time ensuring such compliance. If we are unable to maintain compliance with our public reporting company obligations, our securities may be delisted and we may be unable to re-list our common stock on another national stock exchange or quotation system. 
 
 Risks Related to Possible REIT Status 
 We have not yet determined if or when we may elect to be taxed as a REIT. 
 Our board of directors has not yet determined whether we will elect to be taxed as a REIT and/or when any such election would be effective. In addition, even if we do make an election to be taxed as a REIT, our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate the REIT election of the Company, without the approval of holders of the common stock, if the board determines that it is no longer in the best interest of the stockholders to continue to qualify as a REIT. We can make no assurance that we will ever elect to be taxed as a REIT or, if we do make such an election, that such REIT election will be in place during a stockholder s entire holding period of our stock. Our board of directors broad discretion in setting policies and our stockholders inability to exert control over those policies increases the uncertainty and risks our stockholders face. 
 
 Our qualification as a REIT will depend upon our ability to meet requirements regarding our organization and ownership, distributions of our income, the nature and diversification of our income and assets, and other tests imposed by the Code. If we fail to quality as a REIT after electing to be taxed as a REIT, we would generally be disqualified from qualifying as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year of losing our REIT status. Losing our REIT status would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax liability. To qualify for REIT status, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard for any deduction for distributions paid and excluding any net capital gain to our stockholders. If we do not qualify as a REIT (either because we choose not to elect to be taxed as a REIT or because we failed to so qualify after having made a REIT election), this would reduce our net earnings available for distribution and would adversely affect the timing, amount, and character of distributions to our common stockholders. If we do not elect to be taxed as a REIT or fail to maintain REIT status, we will continue to be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. 
 
 If we elect REIT status, the REIT ownership and distribution requirements may inhibit opportunities or have an impact on the Company. 
 
 If we elect to be taxed as a REIT, then in order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy certain tests on an ongoing basis concerning, among other things, ownership requirements, the sources of our income, nature of our assets, and 
 18 

the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. For example, in order for us to qualify as a REIT, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares of stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year after the first year for which we elect to qualify as a REIT. Additionally, at least 100 persons must beneficially own our stock during at least 335 days of a taxable year (other than the first taxable year for which we elect to be taxed as a REIT). Additionally, as typical for REITs, our board of directors would likely pursue an amendment of our Articles to restrict any person from owning more than 9.8 by value of our outstanding capital stock. These ownership limits could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for our shares of common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 If we elect to be taxed as a REIT and we do not have other funds available to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement, we could be subject to corporate income tax and the 4 excise tax in a particular year. To qualify as a REIT, we must not have any non-REIT accumulated earnings and profits, as measured for U.S. federal income tax purposes, at the end of any REIT taxable year. Such non-REIT earnings and profits generally will include any accumulated earnings and profits of any corporations acquired by us (or whose assets we acquire), which, for this purpose, would include any earnings and profits we have in a taxable year in which we were taxed as a C corporation prior to the taxable year in which our REIT election is effective. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We lease approximately 10,700 square feet of office space at 3811 Turtle Creek Blvd., Suite 2100, Dallas, Texas 75219. We use this location as our principal offices. In addition, we lease approximately 11,000 square feet of office and warehouse space in Irving, Texas that serve as our hosting operations control center. 
 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, APLD Hosting LLC, owns in fee simple a 40-acre parcel of land located in Jamestown, Stutsman County, North Dakota. Our subsidiary APLD Rattlesnake Den I LLC, which is part of the 1.21 Gigawatts, LLC joint venture, in which the Company owns an 80 equity interest, is party to a 99-year land lease for a 50-acre parcel of land located in Garden City, Texas. APLD ELN-01, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, owns 40 acres of land in Ellendale, North Dakota. The Company has built datacenters on each of the properties in Jamestown, North Dakota; Garden City, Texas; and Ellendale, North Dakota. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 As of the date of this filing, we are not involved in any material pending legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 19 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Primary Market 
 The Company's Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "APLD". 
 
 Holders 
 As of July 25, 2023, we had 102 shareholders of record. 
 
 Dividends 
 We have not paid cash dividends to our common stock holders in the past. We anticipate that all of our earnings in the foreseeable future will be retained to finance the continued growth and development of our business and to repay our outstanding debts and any debts we may incur in the future. We have no intention of paying cash dividends to our common stock holders in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 We and our affiliates have not undertaken any share repurchases during the year ended May 31, 2023. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 20 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read the sections titled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 Business Overview 
 We are a designer, builder and operator of next-generation digital infrastructure. We have three primary business streams, artificial intelligence AI cloud services, high performance computing HPC datacenter hosting, and crypto datacenter hosting. 

Business Update 

AI Cloud Services 
 
 Our AI cloud services business operates through our Sai Computing brand and provides cloud services applicable to artificial intelligence. 
 
 On May 15, 2023, we announced the formal launch of our AI Cloud services business through Sai Computing. On May 16, 2023, we announced that Sai Computing secured its first major AI customer with an agreement worth up to 180 million over a 24-month period. The customer will make a significant prepayment as part of the agreement. 
 
 On June 23, 2023, we announced that Sai Computing had secured its second AI customer with an agreement worth up to 460 million over 36 months. We have also entered into two contracts with colocation service providers for secure space and energy for our hosting services. Our current strategy is to use a mix of third-party colocation centers and our HPC datacenters to deliver AI Cloud services to customers. 

HPC Datacenter Hosting 
 Our HPC datacenter business designs, builds, and operates Next-Gen datacenters which are designed to provide massive computing power and support high-compute applications within a cost-effective model. 
 
 We are in the process of constructing a 9 megawatt MW facility next to the Company s currently operating 100-MW hosting facility in Jamestown, North Dakota. This separate and unique building, designed and purpose-built for Graphics Processing Units GPUs ), will sit separate from our crypto hosting buildings and will host more traditional high performance computing applications, such as natural language processing, machine learning, and additional HPC developments. This facility is expected to be brought online in the second half of calendar year 2023. During early calendar year 2023, we began testing HPC hosting at this facility. The systems in this facility passed initial testing in the second calendar quarter of 2023. 
 
 In June, the Company expanded its commitment for up to GPUs for the Company's AI Cloud services business. The Company has received and deployed an initial production cluster of GPUs. 
 
 We have current plans to expand our HPC hosting capacity up to 200 MW through build outs at existing and future locations. 

Crypto Datacenter Hosting 
 Our crypto datacenter hosting business provides infrastructure and colocation services to crypto mining customers. 
 
 Jamestown, North Dakota Datacenter 
 21 

We purchased property in Jamestown, North Dakota on which we constructed our first co-hosting facility. Construction of our first co-hosting facility began in September 2021. On February 2, 2022, we brought our first facility online and it has been fully operational since that date. As of May 31, 2023, the facility had approximately 105 MW of capacity, which is fully contracted with our customers. 
 
 Garden City, Texas Datacenter 
 
 On November 24, 2021, we entered into a letter of intent to develop a second datacenter facility in Garden City, Texas. On April 13, 2022, the Company entered into a 99-year ground lease in Garden City, Texas, with the intent to build our second datacenter facility on this site. On April 25, 2022, we began construction on this site. This facility is collocated with a wind farm and upon completion is expected to provide 200 MW of power to hosting customers. The facility is expected to begin operating in the second half of calendar 2023 and the 200 MW capacity is fully contracted with our customers. 
 
 Ellendale, North Dakota Datacenter 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we completed the purchase of 40 acres of land in Ellendale, North Dakota, for a total cost of 1 million. We took possession of the land on August 15, 2022, built a hosting facility, and began energizing the site on March 4, 2023. The facility is fully energized and the facility will have approximately 180 MW of capacity, which is fully contracted with our customers 

Public Offering and Changes to Equity 
 
 On June 27, 2023, the Company began issuing and selling common stock under an "at the market" sale agreement, with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC ("Craig-Hallum Capital"), pursuant to which the Company may sell up to 125 million in shares of our common stock, par value .001 per share (the "Common Stock"). The Company has sold approximately 7.9 million shares. Net proceeds, less commission fees of approximately 2.0 million, are approximately 64.7 million. 

Debt Financing 
 Starion Term Loan 
 
 On July 25, 2022, APLD Hosting, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Applied Digital Corporation, entered into a Loan Agreement with Starion Bank and the Company as Guarantor (the Starion Loan Agreement ). The Starion Loan Agreement provides for a term loan (the Starion Term Loan in the principal amount of 15 million with a maturity date of July 25, 2027. The Starion Term Loan is secured by the Jamestown hosting facility, a security interest in the substantially all of the assets of the APLD Hosting LLC, and interests in all master hosting agreements related to the Jamestown hosting facility. 
 
 The Starion Loan Agreement provides for an interest rate of 6.50 per annum. The Starion Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, representations and warranties and events of default. The Company is not subject to financial covenants until May 31, 2024. At that time, the Company will be subject to a debt service coverage ratio. Deferred financing costs related to the Starion Term Loan total 0.1 million. 
 
 The City of Jamestown, North Dakota and Stutsman County s Economic Development Fund provides a multimillion-dollar economic development program, available to assist with expanding or relocating businesses. As part of financial packages, the Jamestown Stutsman Development Corporation (JSDC) makes direct loans, equity investments, and interest buy-downs to businesses. The Company has entered into an agreement with JDSC and Starion Bank which buys down the Company s interest rate to 1.5 for a period of 13 months through a loan and community bond (the Starion Term Loan Buy-Down ). The loan totals 0.2 million and bears an interest rate of 2 , and the bond totals 0.5 million. 
 
 22 

In connection with the Starion Loan Agreement, the Company repaid all of the outstanding balance on the March 11, 2022 agreement between the Company and Vantage Bank Texas. This agreement included a promissory note agreement for 7.5 million for a five year term with an interest rate of 5 per annum. 
 
 Vantage Garden City Loan 
 
 On November 7, 2022, APLD Rattlesnake Den I, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Loan Agreement (the Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement with Vantage Bank Texas and the Company, as guarantor, which agreement provides for a term loan ("The Vantage Garden City Loan") in the principal amount of 15 million . The Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement will be advanced in 16 installments for working capital needs for Rattlesnake Den I, LLC's datacenter in Garden City, Texas, with each installment not exceeding approximately 0.9 million for the costs and expenses of a building at the Company s hosting facility in Garden City, Texas (the Garden City Facility ). The unpaid principal amount of the Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement will bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.15 per annum, and the Borrower may prepay the Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement, in whole or in part, without the payment of any fee or penalty. The Loan is secured by the leasehold interest on the Garden City Facility, a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Rattlesnake Den I, LLC, and a security interest in the form of a collateral assignment of the Company s rights and interests in the master hosting agreements related to the Garden City Facility and records and data relating thereto.The Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement matures April 26, 2028. The Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default. As of May 31, 2023, an aggregate amount of 10.3 million has been advanced under the Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement, with the outstanding principal balance totaling 10.1 million. Total deferred costs related to the issuance of this loan total are 0.2 million. 
 
 Starion Ellendale Loan 
 
 On February 16, 2023, APLD ELN-01 LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Loan Agreement with Starion Bank and the Company as Guarantor (the Ellendale Loan Agreement ). The Ellendale Loan Agreement provides for a term loan (The "Ellendale Loan") in the principal amount of 20 million with a maturity date of February 3, 2028. The Ellendale Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, representations and warranties and events of default. The Ellendale Loan is secured by the Ellendale hosting facility, a security interest in the substantially all of the assets of the APLD ELN-01 LLC, and interests in all master hosting agreements related to the Ellendale hosting facility. The Ellendale Loan Agreement provides for an interest rate of 7.48 per annum. The proceeds of the Loan will be used to fund expansion on the Ellendale hosting datacenter. Total deferred costs related to the issuance of this loan total are 0.2 million. As of May 31, 2023, the total balance outstanding under the Ellendale Loan Agreement was 19.7 million. 
 
 B. Riley Loan 
 
 On May 23, 2023, SAI Computing LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ("Sai"), entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the "B. Riley Loan") with B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC and B. Riley Securities, Inc (collectively "B. Riley"). with the Company as Guarantor. The B. Riley Loan provides for a term loan of up to 50 million in the principal amount of 9.00 per annum. The proceeds of the B. Riley Loan will be used to provide additional liquidity to fund the buildout of the Company s recently announced AI cloud services platform and datacenters by Sai, and for general corporate purposes and working capital. The B. Riley Loan contains events of default and covenants customary for such an agreement. The B. Riley Loan is secured by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of SAI as set forth in the B. Riley Loan and a security interest in any proceeds of Sai's operations. Pursuant to the B. Riley Loan agreement, the Company unconditionally guaranteed Sai s obligations to B. Riley. The B. Riley Loan contains initial fees of approximately 1.5 million that were reduced from the initial funds remitted to Sai. The B. Riley Loan also contains a term fee of 1 million that is due upon the Company's initial principal payment. Finally, the B. Riley Loan and Security agreement contains a commitment fee of 3 on any balance outstanding as of each quarter end beginning with the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2023. As of May 31, 2023, the total outstanding balance under the B. Riley Loan was 36.5 million. The Company repaid the total balance of the B. Riley Loan on July 17, 2023. 
 
 23 

Results of Operations for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 
 The following table sets forth key components of the results of operations of Applied Digital Corporation during the three months and fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands). 
 24 

Three Months Ended Year Ended May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 Revenues: Hosting revenue 22,038 7,523 55,392 8,549 Cost of revenues 15,950 7,433 44,388 9,506 Gross profit 6,088 90 11,004 (957) Costs and expenses: Selling, general and administrative 12,332 4,356 55,059 19,941 Total costs and expenses 12,332 4,356 55,059 19,941 Operating loss (6,244) (4,266) (44,055) (20,898) Other income (expense): Interest Expense (855) (112) (1,980) (112) Gain on extinguishment of accounts payable 406 Loss on extinguishment of debt (94) (1,342) Total other expense, net (855) (112) (2,074) (1,048) Net loss from continuing operations before income tax expenses (7,099) (4,378) (46,129) (21,946) Income tax benefit (expense) 243 (266) 523 (540) Net loss from continuing operations (6,856) (4,643) (45,606) (22,486) Net loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 1,826 (1,044) Net loss including noncontrolling interests (6,856) (2,817) (45,606) (23,530) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (383) (10) (960) (10) Net loss attributable to Applied Digital Corporation (6,473) (2,807) (44,646) (23,520) Basic and diluted net (loss) gain per share: Continuing Operations (0.07) (0.06) (0.49) (0.39) Discontinued Operations 0.02 (0.02) Basic and diluted net loss per share (0.07) (0.04) (0.49) (0.41) Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 95,146,122 76,631,835 93,976,233 57,121,096 Adjusted Amounts (a) Adjusted Operating Loss from Continuing Operations 293 (3,933) (7,320) (6,222) Adjusted Operating Margin from Continuing Operations 1 (52) (13) (73) Adjusted Net Loss from Continuing Operations (319) (4,311) (8,871) (7,810) Other Financial Data (a) EBITDA (3,607) (3,391) (36,881) (20,714) as a percentage of revenues (16) (45) (67) (242) Adjusted EBITDA 2,930 (3,058) (146) (6,038) as a percentage of revenues 13 (41) (71) Adjusted Gross Profit 7,827 1,100 15,438 113 as a percentage of revenues 36 15 28 1 
 
 (a) Adjusted Amounts and Other Financial Data are non-GAAP performance measures. A reconciliation of reported amounts to adjusted amounts can be found in the "Non-GAAP Measures and Reconciliation" section of the MD A. 

Commentary on Results of Operations Comparative Results for the three months Ended May 31, 2023 compared to the three months ended May 31, 2022 
 
 25 

Revenues 
 
 Hosting revenues increased by 14.5 million, or 193 , from 7.5 million for the three months ended May 31, 2022 to 22.0 million for the three months ended May 31, 2023. The increase in hosting revenues was driven by the increase in energized capacity with the Company's Ellendale, North Dakota facility energizing during the three months ended May 31, 2023. 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 
 Cost of revenues increased by 8.6 million, or 116 , from 7.4 million for the three months ended May 31, 2022 to 16.0 million for the three months ended May 31, 2023. The increase in cost of revenues was primarily driven by the energization of the Company's Ellendale, North Dakota facility during the three months ended May 31, 2023. The primary drivers of the change to cost of revenues for the three months ended May 31, 2023 were: 
 
 approximately 6.7 million increase in energy costs used to generate hosting revenues; 
 
 approximately 0.9 million increase in personnel expenses directly attributable to generating hosting revenues; 
 
 approximately 0.7 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense directly attributable to the property and equipment supporting hosting revenues; and 
 
 approximately 0.3 million increase in other expenses directly attributable to generating hosting revenues. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 7.9 million, or 181 , from 4.4 million for the three months ended May 31, 2022 to 12.3 million for the three months ended May 31, 2023. The primary drivers of the change to selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended May 31, 2023 were: 
 
 approximately 5.2 million increase in stock-based compensation expense; 
 
 approximately 0.9 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense not directly attributable to property and equipment supporting hosting revenues; 
 
 approximately 0.9 million increase in employee salaries and benefits expense not directly attributable to revenues; 
 
 approximately 0.6 million increase in insurance expense; and 
 
 approximately 1.1 million increase in other selling, general, and administrative expenses such as computer and software expenses. 
 
 These factors are partially offset by an approximately 0.8 million decrease in professional service expense, which is attributable to the increase in full time employees that have replaced previously outsourced professional services. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Interest expense increased 0.8 million, or approximately 681 , from interest expense of 0.1 million for the three months ended May 31, 2022 to 0.9 million for the three months ended May 31, 2023. The increase was driven by the increase in finance leases and in the Company s debt obligations between periods. 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 
 26 

The income tax benefit increased by 0.5 million or 191 from a 0.3 million expense for the three months ended May 31, 2022 to a 0.2 million benefit for the three months ended May 31, 2023. This change was driven by a change in valuation allowance for the three months ended May 31, 2023 compared to the three months ended May 31, 2022. 
 
 Loss from Discontinued Operations 
 
 Gain from discontinued operations decreased by 1.8 million, or 100 , from 1.8 million for the three months ended May 31, 2022 to zero for the three months ended May 31, 2023. The change was due to the fact that the Company ceased generating revenues from mining operations in March 2022. 

Commentary on Results of Operations Comparative Results for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Hosting revenues increased by 46.9 million, or 548 , from 8.5 million for the year ended May 31, 2022 to 55.4 million for the year ended May 31, 2023. The increase in hosting revenues was driven by a full year of operations at our hosting facility in Jamestown, North Dakota and energization of our hosting facility in Ellendale, North Dakota for the year ended May 31, 2023 compared to a partial year of operations at the Jamestown, North Dakota facility for the year ended May 31, 2022. 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 
 Cost of revenues increased by 34.9 million, or 367 , from 9.5 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 to 44.4 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. The increase in cost of revenues was driven by a full year of operations at our hosting facility in Jamestown, North Dakota and energization of our hosting facility in Ellendale, North Dakota for the year ended May 31, 2023 compared to a partial year of operations at the Jamestown, North Dakota facility for the year ended May 31, 2022. The primary drivers of the change to cost of revenues for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 were: 
 
 approximately 28.5 million increase in energy costs used to generate hosting revenues; 
 
 approximately 2.7 million increase in personnel expenses directly attributable to generating hosting revenues; 
 
 approximately 3.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense directly attributable to the property and equipment supporting hosting revenues; and 
 
 approximately 0.5 million increase in other expenses directly attributable to generating hosting revenues. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 35.2 million, or 176 , from 19.9 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 to 55.1 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. The primary drivers of the change to selling, general and administrative expense for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 were: 
 
 approximately 19.7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense; 
 
 approximately 2.9 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense not directly attributable to property and equipment supporting hosting revenues; 
 
 approximately 4.0 million increase in employee salaries and benefits expense not directly attributable to revenues; 
 27 

approximately 2.9 million increase in insurance expense; 
 
 approximately 1.5 million increase in professional service expenses incurred as the Company experienced a full year of greater administrative needs; and 
 
 approximately 4.2 million increase in other selling, general, and administrative expenses such as computer and software expenses. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Interest expense increased 1.9 million, or 1,666 , from 0.1 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 to 2.0 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. The change is driven by the increase in finance leases and change in the Company s debt obligations between periods. 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt decreased 1.2 million, or 93 , from 1.3 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 to 0.1 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. This decrease was driven by the lack of extinguishment of our related party notes payable by conversion to common stock, which occurred during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, compared to a smaller extinguishment of term debt that was recognized in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 
 Income tax benefit increased 1.0 million or approximately 193 from a 0.5 million expense for the year ended May 31, 2022 to approximately 0.5 million benefit for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. This change was driven by a change in valuation allowance for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. 
 
 Loss from Discontinued Operations 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations decreased 1.0 million, or 100 , from 1.0 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 to zero for the year ended May 31, 2023. The change was due to the fact that the Company ceased generating revenues from mining operations in March 2022. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 Adjusted Operating Loss and Adjusted Net Loss 
 
 Adjusted Operating Loss and Adjusted Net Loss are non-GAAP measures that represent operating loss and net loss, respectively, from continuing operations excluding stock-based compensation and nonrecurring expenses. We believe these are useful metrics as they provide additional information regarding factors and trends affecting our business and provide perspective on results absent one-time or significant non-cash items. However, Applied Digital s presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that its future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Applied Digital s computation of Adjusted Operating Loss and Adjusted Net Loss may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies may not calculate Adjusted Operating Loss and Adjusted Net Loss in the same fashion. 
 
 Because of these limitations, Adjusted Operating Loss and Adjusted Net Loss should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Applied Digital compensates for these limitations by relying primarily on its GAAP results and using Adjusted Operating Loss and Adjusted Net Loss on a supplemental basis. You should review the reconciliation of operating loss to Adjusted Operating Loss and net loss to Adjusted Net Loss above and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate Applied Digital s business. 
 
 28 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adjusted for stock-based compensation, gain on extinguishment of accounts payable, loss on extinguishment of debt, one-time professional service costs, one-time costs related to electricity set up, and other non-recurring expenses. These costs have been adjusted as they are not indicative of business operations. Adjusted EBITDA is intended as a supplemental measure of Applied Digital s performance that is neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, GAAP. Applied Digital believes that the use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing its financial measures with those of comparable companies, which may present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. We also believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are useful metrics to investors because they provide additional information regarding factors and trends affecting our business, which are used in the business planning process to understand expected operating performance, to evaluate results against those expectations, and because of their importance as measures of underlying operating performance, as the primary compensation performance measure under certain programs and plans. However, you should be aware that when evaluating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, Applied Digital may incur future expenses similar to those excluded when calculating these measures. In addition, Applied Digital s presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that its future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Applied Digital s computation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same fashion. 
 
 Because of these limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Applied Digital compensates for these limitations by relying primarily on its GAAP results and using EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA on a supplemental basis. You should review the reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA above and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate Applied Digital s business. 
 
 Adjusted Gross Profit 
 
 Adjusted Gross Profit is a non-GAAP measure that represents gross profit adjusted for depreciation expense and one-time charges related to electricity set up within cost of revenues. We believe this is a useful metric as it provides additional information regarding gross profit aside from significant non-cash expense in depreciation. However, Applied Digital s presentation of this measure should not be construed as an inference that its future results will be unaffected by other factors within cost of revenues. Applied Digital s computation of Adjusted Gross Profit may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies may not calculate Adjusted Gross Profit in the same fashion. 
 
 Because of these limitations, Adjusted Gross Profit should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Applied Digital compensates for these limitations by relying primarily on its GAAP results and using Adjusted Gross Profit on a supplemental basis. You should review the reconciliation of gross profit to Adjusted Gross Profit above and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate Applied Digital s business. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 29 

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Three Months Ended Fiscal Year Ended in thousands May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 Adjusted operating loss Operating Loss from Continuing Operations (GAAP) (6,244) (4,266) (44,055) (20,898) Add: Stock-based compensation 5,195 32,074 12,337 Add: Gain on Extinguishment of Accounts Payable (406) Add: Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 94 1,342 Add: Non-recurring professional service costs 727 240 2,164 1,310 Add: One-time electricity charges 114 Add: Other non-recurring expenses 615 93 2,290 93 Adjusted Operating Loss from Continuing Operations (Non-GAAP) 293 (3,933) (7,320) (6,222) Adjusted operating margin from Continuing Operations 1 (52) (13) (73) Adjusted net income (loss) Net Loss from Continuing Operations (GAAP) (6,856) (4,643) (45,606) (22,486) Add: Stock-based compensation 5,195 32,074 12,337 Add: Gain on Extinguishment of Accounts Payable (406) Add: Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 94 1,342 Add: Non-recurring professional service costs 727 240 2,164 1,310 Add: One-time electricity charges 114 Add: Other non-recurring expenses 615 93 2,290 93 Adjusted net loss from Continuing Operations (Non-GAAP) (319) (4,310) (8,871) (7,810) EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Net Loss from Continuing Operations (GAAP) (6,856) (4,643) (45,606) (22,486) Add: Interest Expense 855 112 1,980 112 Add: Income Tax Benefit (Expense) (242) 266 (523) 540 Add: Depreciation and Amortization 2,636 875 7,267 1,120 EBITDA (Non-GAAP) (3,607) (3,390) (36,881) (20,714) Add: Stock-based compensation 5,195 32,074 12,337 Add: Gain on Extinguishment of Accounts Payable (406) Add: Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 94 1,342 Add: Non-recurring professional service costs 727 240 2,164 1,310 Add: One-time electricity charges 114 Add: Other non-recurring expenses 615 93 2,290 93 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) 2,930 (3,057) (146) (6,038) Adjusted Gross Profit Gross profit (GAAP) 6,088 90 11,004 (957) Add: Depreciation and amortization in cost of revenues 1,739 1,010 4,320 1,070 Add: One-time electricity charges 114 Adjusted Gross Profit (Non-GAAP) 7,827 1,100 15,438 113 

Sources of Liquidity 
 
 30 

We have primarily generated cash in the last 12 months from the proceeds of our term loans, issuance of common stock, and the receipt of contractual deposits and revenue prepayments from hosting customers. The Company's primary term loans are noted below. 
 
 On July 25, 2022, the Company entered into the Starion Loan Agreement. The Starion Loan Agreement provides for the Starion Term Loan which has a total principal balance of 15.0 million, with an interest rate per annum of 6.50 . Approximately 7.1 million of the proceeds were used to pay down the remaining Vantage term loan balance that was entered into on March 11, 2022. The remaining proceeds of the term loan will be used for working capital needs for the operation of Phase I of the hosting facility in Jamestown, North Dakota. 
 
 On November 7, 2022, the Company entered into the Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement, with a maximum total principal value of 15 million, and an interest rate per annum of 6.15 . As of February 28, 2023, an aggregate amount of 10.3 million has been advanced under the Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement. The proceeds of the Vantage Garden City Loan will be used for the costs and expenses of a building at the Garden City Facility. 
 
 On February 16, 2023, the Company entered into the Starion Ellendale Loan Agreement with Starion Bank. This agreement provides for a term loan in the principal amount of 20 million with a maturity date of February 3, 2028. The loan provides for an interest rate of 7.48 per annum. The proceeds of the loan will be used to fund expansion on the Ellendale Facility. On March 30, 2023, the Company received funding for the Starion Ellendale Loan. The funding, net of issuance fees, totaled 19.8 million. 
 
 On May 23, 2023, the Company entered into the B. Riley Loan and Security Agreement with B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC and B. Riley Securities. The B. Riley Loan and Security Agreement provides for a term loan in the principal amount of up to 50 million, with an interest rate of 9.00 per annum. The proceeds of the Loan will be used to provide additional liquidity to fund the buildout of the Company s recently announced AI cloud platform and datacenters by the Company, and for general corporate purposes and working capital. The Company was initially advanced 34.9 million in funding, net of issuance fees of 1.6 million. The Company repaid the total balance of the B. Riley Loan on July 17, 2023. 
 
 See Note 7 - Debt to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our term loans. 
 
 On June 27, 2023, the Company began issuing and selling common stock under an "at the market" sales agreement, with Craig-Hallum Capital, pursuant to which the Company may sell up to 125 million in shares of Common Stock. The Company has sold approximately 7.9 million shares. Net proceeds, less commission fees of approximately 2.0 million, are approximately 64.7 million. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, we received 100.1 million in payments for future hosting services. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, we generated revenue from crypto mining and co-hosting, but we have incurred net losses from operations. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, we have generated revenue from co-hosting, but incurred net losses from operations. As of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 29.0 million and 38.8 million, respectively, and an accumulated deficit of 100.7 million and 56.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Funding Requirements 
 
 We have experienced net losses through the periods ended May 31, 2023. Our transition to profitability is dependent on the successful operation of our hosting facilities. We believe that amounts we received from proceeds from our term loans, proceeds from stock offerings, and payments we have received from our hosting operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs for at least the next 12 months and all of the Company s known requirements and plans for cash. We have based our estimates as to how long we expect we will be able to fund our operations on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect, in which case, we would be required to obtain additional financing sooner than currently 
 31 

projected, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. 
 
 We expect that our general and administrative expenses and our operating expenditures will continue to increase as we continue to expand our operations and as we bear the costs of being a public company. We believe that the significant investments in property and equipment continue during calendar 2023 as we continue to grow our AI cloud services business. We also expect that our revenues will increase as we continue to bring online additional capacity at existing datacenter facilities and as we begin to provide services to AI cloud services and HPC customers. 

Summary of Cash Flows 
 
 The following table provides information about Applied Digital s net cash flow for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022. 
 Fiscal Year Ended in thousands May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 58,735 (872) Net cash used in investing activities (132,088) (45,871) Net cash provided by financing activities 70,628 81,292 Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (2,725) 34,549 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 46,299 11,750 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 43,574 46,299 
 
 Commentary on cash flows for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The net cash provided by operating activities of 58.7 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 consisted primarily of the following: 
 
 32.1 million non-cash adjustment for stock-based compensation expense; 
 
 26.8 million increase in customer deposits due to the Company executing new contracts during the period; and 
 
 44.8 million increase in deferred revenue due to prepayments from new contracts as well as more cash being received than revenue recognized during the period. 
 
 The above factors were partially offset by the 45.6 million loss from continuing operations 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 The net cash used in investing activities of 132.1 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was driven by the increase of purchases of property and equipment and other assets related to the construction of the Company s Garden City, Texas and Ellendale, North Dakota hosting facilities, as well as deposit payments on equipment. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 32 

The net cash provided by financing activities of 70.6 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the following factors: 
 
 45.7 million in proceeds from term loans 
 
 36.5 million in proceeds from the related party loan; and 
 
 4.1 million in equity contributions to 1.21 Gigawatts, a subsidiary of the Company, by noncontrolling interest. 
 
 These above factors were partially offset by the extinguishment of the Vantage term loan totaling 7.1 million. 
 
 Commentary on cash flows for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The net cash used in operating activities of 0.9 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 consisted primarily of the following: 
 
 22.5 million in loss from continuing operations; and 
 
 1.0 million in loss from discontinued operations 
 
 These above factors were partially offset by the following 
 
 12.3 million non-cash expense adjustment for stock-based compensation expense; 
 
 6.4 million increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to the timing of payments; 
 
 9.5 million increase in customer deposits due to the Company executing new contracts during the period; and 
 
 3.9 million increase in deferred revenue due to prepayments from new contracts as well as more cash being received than revenue recognized during the period. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 The net cash used in investing activities of 45.9 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 consisted of: 
 
 55.0 million in purchases of property and equipment related to the construction of the Company s Jamestown, ND facility; and 
 
 9.1 million in the sale of equipment related to the Company s discontinued operations. 

Financing Activities 
 
 The net cash provided by financing activities of 81.3 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 consisted primarily of: 
 
 34.5 million in proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock , partially offset by issuance costs of 2.9 million. 
 
 33 

40.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock from the April 2022 initial public offering, partially offset by issuance costs of 4.3 million 
 
 7.3 million in proceeds from the issuance of term loans; and 
 
 7.0 million in contributions in equity contributions to 1.21 Gigawatts, a subsidiary of the Company, by noncontrolling interest. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 None. 
 Significant Accounting Pronouncements 
 None. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of recently issued financial accounting standards, refer to Note 3 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 
 We account for stock-based compensation with performance conditions by recognizing expense ratably over the requisite service period once the Company concludes that it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved. The Company's conclusion as to the probability of achievement is complex and requires judgment. In addition, the Company makes estimates around the service period for certain performance awards that are probable of being achieved. The Company may revise its estimate when it determines that it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved within a different time period. 
 
 The Company reassesses the probability related to vesting and the requisite service period at each reporting period, and recognizes a cumulative catch up adjustment for such changes in its probability assessment in subsequent reporting periods. The Company's determination of probability is based on historical metrics, future projections, and the Company's historical performance against such projections. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our financial instruments are denominated in United States Dollars and are not subject to interest rate or foreign currency exchange risks. Our term note facility and the note payable issued thereunder bears interest at a fixed interest rate. We have determined our energy services agreement for our Ellendale, North Dakota facility represents a derivative instrument with a notional amount of 180 MW, however, we have determined that 
 34 

this instrument does not have any value as the agreement provides purchases and sales at market value. We do not hold any other financial instruments. 
 
 Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of exposure due to potential changes in inflation. 
 
 Inflation Risk 
 
 Inflationary factors such as increases in costs may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our operating expenses. 
 
 We manage a portion of our inflation risk through our participation in a long-term Electricity Supply Agreement, through which we have negotiated a fixed rate for the electricity to be used by our Jamestown, ND hosting facility. 
 35 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 
 36 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 36 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Applied Digital Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Applied Digital Corporation (the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

August 2, 2023 
 See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 37 

APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except number of shares and par value data) 
 May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right of use asset, net Finance lease right of use asset, net Other Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current portion of operating lease liability Current portion of finance lease liability Current portion of term loan Customer deposits Current deferred revenue Sales and use tax payable Total current liabilities Deferred tax liability Long-term portion of operating lease liability Long-term portion of finance lease liability Long-term portion of term loan Long-term related party loan Other long-term related party liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Stockholders deficit: Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding at May 31, 2023, and shares issued and shares outstanding at May 31, 2022 
 Treasury stock, shares at May 31, 2023 and shares at May 31, 2022, at cost 
 ) ) Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity attributable to Applied Digital Corporation Noncontrolling interest Total Stockholders' equity including noncontrolling interest TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 38 

APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 Revenues: Hosting revenue Cost of revenues Gross profit ) Costs and expenses: Selling, general and administrative Total costs and expenses Operating loss ) ) Other income (expense): Interest Expense ) ) Gain on extinguishment of accounts payable Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) Net loss from continuing operations before income tax expenses ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net loss from continuing operations ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Net loss including noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net loss attributable to Applied Digital Corporation ) ) Basic and diluted net loss per share: Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations Basic and diluted net loss per share Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 
 See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 39 

APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 For the Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Total Mezzanine Equity Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling interest Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, May 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Extinguishment of debt Issuance of dividends to preferred stock ) Conversion of series A and B preferred stock ) ) ) ) Service agreement stock compensation Issuance of Series D preferred stock Issuance Costs of Series D preferred Stock ) ) ) Preferred Stock Dividends Accrued ) ) Conversion of Series C and D preferred stock ) ) ) ) ) Initial public offering of common stock Offering costs of initial public offering ) ) ) Contributions by noncontrolling interest Net Loss ) ) ) ) Balance, May 31, 2022 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock - vesting of awards ) ) ) Issuance of common stock - restricted stock awards Stock-based compensation Common stock forfeited ) Capital contribution to noncontrolling interest Net Loss ) ) ) ) Balance, May 31, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 40 

APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss attributable to Applied Digital Corporation ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net loss from continuing operations ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and Amortization Gain on extinguishment of accounts payable ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Stock-Based Compensation Lease Expense Non-cash interest expense Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Customer deposits Deferred revenue Deferred Tax ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Other Assets ) Lease Assets and Liabilities ) Payments of operating leases ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations Net cash used in operating activities of discontinued operations ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES ) CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property and equipment and other assets ) ) Deposits on equipment ) Investments in private companies ) Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities of discontinued operations NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Initial public offering of common stock Issuance of preferred stock Repayment of finance leases ) ) Preferred stock issuance costs ) Common stock issuance costs ) Term loan payoff ) Proceeds from issuance of term loan Term Loan Issuance Costs ) ) Proceeds from issuance of related party term loan Related party term Loan Issuance Costs ) Loan Payments ) Payments of employee restricted stock tax withholdings ) Noncontrolling interest contributions Net cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations Net cash provided by financing activities of discontinued operations CASH FLOW PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET (DECREASE INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD (See Note 3) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD (See Note 3) Less: cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of discontinued operations Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of continuing operations 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Interest Paid Income Taxes Paid SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES Non-cash dividends paid in-kind Operating right-of-use assets obtained by lease obligation Finance right-of-use assets obtained by lease obligation Fixed assets in accounts payable 
 See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 

2. 
 million and negative working capital of million. Historically the Company has incurred losses and has relied on equity and debt financings to fund its operations. Based on an analysis of cash flows, current net working capital, and expected operations revenue, the Company believes its current cash on hand is sufficient to meet its operating and capital requirement for at least next twelve months from the date these financial statements were issued. 

3. 

Restricted Cash 
 
 43 

million. The Company is required to keep these balances in separate accounts for the duration of the letter of credit agreements, which last through the first quarter of calendar 2024 . 
 
 Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included in other assets Total Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 

44 

from grant date, and the only conditions for vesting are service conditions. The Company has recognized the expense of the RSUs based on grant date fair value of the awards ratably over the service period. 

operating and reporting segment. 
 
 45 

4. 
 years Other Equipment and Fixtures years Construction in Progress Information Systems and Software years Land Building Land Land Improvements years Building years Total cost of property and equipment Accumulated Depreciation ) ) Property and Equipment, Net 
 million and million for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line basis for the period assets are in service. Construction in progress represents assets received but not placed into service as of May 31, 2023. 

5. 

46 

Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F Total 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 As of May 31, 2023, the Company had million in deferred revenue, which represents the Company s remaining performance obligations. The Company expects to recognize all of this revenue within the next months. 
 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Advance billings Revenue recognized ) Other adjustments Balance at May 31, 2022 Advance billings Revenue recognized ) Other adjustments Balance at May 31, 2023 
 
 Customer Deposits 
 Customer deposits received Customer deposits refunded Other adjustments Balance at May 31, 2022 Customer deposits received Customer deposits refunded Other adjustments ) Balance at May 31, 2022 
 47 

6. 
 
 of our then outstanding Common Stock beginning in April 2023. 
 
 Other long-term liabilities Accrued Interest Payable 
 
 Related Party Revenue 
 
 The Company has revenue transactions with related party customers: 
 
 Customer A is a subsidiary of an entity which is deemed to beneficially own over of the Company's outstanding common stock. 
 
 Customer B is owned by an individual who is deemed to beneficially own over of the Company's outstanding stock. 
 
 Customer B 
 
 The following tables illustrate related party deferred revenue and deposits balances as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022. 
 
 (in thousands) Customer A Balances as of Caption May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 Deferred revenue Customer Deposits 

48 

Customer Deposits 
 
 Related Party Sublease Income 

7. 
 
 Less: Deferred Issuance Costs ) ) Less: Current portion of Term Loan ) ) Less: Long-term related party loan ) Long-term portion of Term Loan 
 
 Below is the weighted-average interest rate for the Company's term loans as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 Weighted-average interest rate 
 
 FY25 FY26 FY27 FY28 Thereafter Total Term Loan Remaining Payments 
 
 49 

million with a maturity date of July 25, 2027. The Starion Loan Agreement provides for an interest rate of per annum. The Starion Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, representations and warranties and events of default. The Company is not subject to financial covenants under the Starion Loan Agreement until May 31, 2024. At that time, the Company will be subject to a debt service coverage ratio. Deferred financing costs related to the Starion Term Loan total million. 
 
 The City of Jamestown, North Dakota and Stutsman County s Economic Development Fund provides a multimillion-dollar economic development program, available to assist with expanding or relocating businesses. As part of financial packages, the Jamestown Stutsman Development Corporation (JSDC) makes direct loans, equity investments, and interest buy-downs to businesses. The Company has entered into an agreement with JDSC and Starion Bank which buys down the Company s interest rate to for a period of months through a loan and community bond (the Starion Term Loan Buy-Down ). The loan totals million and bears an interest rate of , and the bond totals million. 
 
 In connection with the Starion Loan Agreement, the Company repaid all of the outstanding balance on the March 11, 2022 loan agreement between the Company and Vantage Bank Texas. This loan agreement included a promissory note agreement for million for a term with an interest rate of per annum. 
 
 Vantage Garden City Loan 
 
 On November 7, 2022, APLD Rattlesnake Den I, LLC, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, entered into a loan agreement with Vantage Bank Texas and the Company, as guarantor, which agreement provides for a term loan in the principal amount of million (the Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement ). The loan pursuant to the Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement will be advanced in installments, with each installment not exceeding approximately million for the costs and expenses of a building at the Company s hosting facility in Garden City, Texas (the Garden City Facility ). The unpaid principal amount of the Garden City Facility will bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum, and the Company may prepay the Garden City Facility, in whole or in part, without the payment of any fee or penalty. The Garden City Facility matures April 26, 2028. The Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default. As of May 31, 2023, an aggregate amount of million has been advanced under the Vantage Garden City Loan Agreement, with the outstanding balance totaling million. Total deferred costs related to the issuance of this loan total are million. 
 
 Starion Ellendale Loan 
 
 On February 16, 2023, APLD ELN-01 LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Loan Agreement with Starion Bank and the Company as Guarantor (the Ellendale Loan Agreement ). The Ellendale Loan Agreement provides for a term loan in the principal amount of million with a maturity date of February 3, 2028. The Ellendale Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, representations and warranties and events of default. The Ellendale Loan Agreement provides for an interest rate of per annum. The proceeds of the loan under the Ellendale Loan Agreement will be used to fund expansion on the Ellendale, North Dakota hosting datacenter. Total deferred costs related to the issuance of this loan total are million. As of May 31, 2023, the total balance outstanding under the Ellendale Loan Agreement was million. 
 
 B. Riley Loan 
 
 On May 23, 2023, Sai Computing LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the "B. Riley Loan and Security Agreement") with B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC and B. Riley Securities, with the Company as Guarantor. The B. Riley Loan and Security Agreement provides for a term 
 50 

million in the principal with an interest rate of per annum (the "B. Riley Loan"). The proceeds of the B. Riley Loan will be used to provide additional liquidity to help fund the buildout of the Company s recently announced AI cloud services platform and datacenters by the Company, and for general corporate purposes and working capital. The B. Riley Loan and Security Agreement contains initial fees of approximately million that were reduced from the initial funds remitted to the Company. The B. Riley Loan and Security agreement also contains a term fee of million that is due upon the Company's initial principal payment. Finally, the B. Riley Loan and Security agreement contains a commitment fee of on any balance outstanding as of each quarter end beginning with the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2023. As of the date of May 31, 2023, the total outstanding balance of the B. Riley Loan was million. 

8. 
 
 million for the year ended May 31, 2023, compared to income tax expense of million for the year ended May 31, 2022. The Company s effective tax rate was and ) , for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively. 
 
 Foreign State Total current expense Deferred expense / (benefit) Federal ) Foreign State Total deferred (benefit) expense ) Total income tax (benefit) expense ) 
 
 Stock-based compensation ) State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Change in valuation allowance ) ) Other, net ) ) Income tax expense / (benefit) ) 

Deferred income taxes reflect the temporary differences between the amounts at which assets and liabilities are recorded for financial reporting purposes and the amounts utilized for tax purposes. 
 51 

Stock-Based Compensation Capitalized Research and Development Lease Liability Other Gross Deferred Tax Assets Less: Valuation Allowances ) ) Total Net Deferred Tax Asset Deferred Tax Liabilities: Property, Plant, and Equipment ) ) Right of Use Assets ) ) Other Total Net Deferred Tax Liability ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 
 
 The Company had million and million of federal and state tax net operating losses at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At May 31, 2023, million is available indefinitely to offset future income. The remaining carryforward amounts expire at varying dates beginning in 2028. 
 
 A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire net deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company has recorded an increase in the valuation allowance of million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company has provided a valuation allowance for the portion of the deferred tax assets that it has determined are not more likely than not to be recognized. 
 
 The valuation allowance is primarily attributable to deferred tax assets for net operating losses that management believes are more likely than not to expire prior to being realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income of the appropriate character (i.e., capital or ordinary) during the period in which the temporary differences become deductible. Management considers, among other things, the scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities and the history of positive taxable income in evaluating the realizability of the deferred tax assets. Management believes that it is not likely that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize its deferred tax assets. Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, certain substantial changes in the Company s ownership, including a sale of the Company or significant changes in ownership due to sales of equity, may have limited, or may limit in the future, the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that could be used annually to offset future taxable income. 
 
 The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax. Tax years ending May 31, 2021 through May 31, 2023 are open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject, as carryforward attributes generated in these years may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) or other authorities if they have or will be used in a future period. The Company is not currently under examination by the IRS or any other taxing jurisdictions for any tax years. 

9. 
 equity incentive plans, which the Company s stockholders approved on January 20, 2022. The plans consist of the 2022 Incentive Plan, previously referred to 
 52 

million shares of restricted stock awards and approximately million of restricted stock units under the plans. 

Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Outstanding as of May 31, 2023 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, total remaining expense to be recognized related to these awards was million and the weighted average remaining recognition period for the unvested awards was months. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of May 31, 2023 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, total remaining expense to be recognized related to these awards was million and the weighted average remaining recognition period for the unvested awards was months. 
 
 Share Forfeiture 
 
 On June 6, 2022, through an agreement between the Company and Xsquared Holding Limited Sparkpool ), Sparkpool agreed to forfeit shares of Common Stock that had been issued to it pursuant to the service agreement executed on March 19, 2021. Sparkpool had ceased providing the contracted services for the Company, and agreed to forfeit shares to compensate for future services that will not be rendered. As a result of this agreement, shares of Common Stock were forfeited and returned to the Company and placed in treasury. 
 
 53 

10. 
 
 Short-term lease expense Selling, General and Administrative Sublease Income Selling, General and Administrative ) ) Total operating lease cost Finance lease expense: Amortization of ROU assets related to revenue production Cost of Sales Amortization of ROU assets not related to revenue production Depreciation and Amortization Expense Interest on finance leases Interest Expense Variable finance lease expense Selling, General and Administrative Total finance lease cost Total Lease Cost 
 FY25 FY26 FY27 FY28 Beyond Total Present value of lease liabilities ) ) ) Less: Current portion of lease liability Long-term portion of lease liability 

54 

Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate Finance leases Operating leases 
 
 The Company has entered into operating leases signed but not yet commenced with total minimum payments of approximately million to support the Company's AI Cloud service business. The payments are expected to be made over a total of months. 
 
 million. The payments are expected to be made over a total of months. 

11. 
 million related to the energy services agreement for its Jamestown, North Dakota hosting facility. The minimum term of this agreement is , and will remain in effect on a year-to-year basis unless terminated by either party by notice given at least 365 calendar days in advance of termination. The commitment is fully due within the next fiscal year, as the company commits to specific power consumption on an annual basis as part of the energy services agreement. 
 
 Other 
 The Company has other purchase commitments of approximately million related to the buildout of its AI Cloud hosting services business and insurance premiums. These commitments are expected to be fulfilled within twelve months of May 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company also has a commitment for H100 GPUs to support its AI Cloud services business, which has been subsequently financed through an arrangement totaling approximately million over months as discussed in Note 14 - Subsequent Events . 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 Letter of Credit 
 
 As of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, the Company had letters of credit outstanding totaling million and million, respectively. As discussed in Note 3 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies , the Company is required to maintain these amounts in separate accounts, and therefore the cash is restricted. Further, the Company had no unused lines of credit as of May 31, 2023 or May 31, 2022, respectively. 
 
 55 

to million. 

Claims and Litigation 

12. 
 
 million shares of granted but unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units that would have a potentially dilutive effect on earnings per share. ) Net loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Net Loss including noncontrolling interests ) ) Net Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net loss attributable to Applied Digital Corporation ) ) Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic and diluted net loss per share Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 

13. 
 
 56 

Cost of Sales Gross Profit Impairment of Cryptocurrency Assets ) Gain on Sale of Fixed Assets Loss on Asset Reclass to Discontinued Operations ) Net Loss from Discontinued Operations ) 
 
 14. 
 million over months for H100 GPUs in connection with its AI Cloud Services business. 
 
 Additional Debt Financing 
 
 The Company received an additional million in funding from the B. Riley Loan and Security Agreement, bringing the total outstanding loan principal balance to million. Subsequently, the Company repaid the entire outstanding loan principal balance, along with all outstanding interest and fees. 
 
 Common Stock Issuance 
 
 The Company began issuing common stock under an "at the market" sale agreement pursuant to which the Company may sell up to million in shares of Common Stock. The Company has sold approximately million shares. Net proceeds, less commission fees of approximately million, are approximately million. 
 
 Customer Prepayment 
 
 The Company has confirmed receipt of a customer prepayment for its AI cloud services business of approximately million. 

57 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, and as a result of the material weaknesses described below, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of May 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual and interim financial statements will not be detected or prevented on a timely basis. 
 
 We have identified the following material weakness in the design of our internal controls: 
 
 We have not designed and implemented controls to ensure we can record, process, summarize, and report financial data. 
 
 We have not yet designed and implemented user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user and privileged access to the financially relevant systems and data to appropriate personnel. 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls associated with related party transactions and disclosures. Controls in place were not designed or implemented at a sufficient level of precision or rigor to effectively identify related party relationships and disclose their related transactions in our financial statements. 
 
 We also do not have a properly designed internal control system that identifies critical processes and key controls. 
 
 In order to remediate these material weaknesses, we have begun to take the following steps, among others: 
 
 1. Hiring additional qualified accounting and financial reporting personnel to support division of responsibilities; 
 2. Improving and updating our systems; 
 3. Developing IT general controls to manage access and program changes across our key systems and the execution of improvements to application controls within our systems; and 
 4. Implementing processes and controls to better identify and manage segregation of duties. 
 
 We will not be able to fully remediate the material weaknesses until these steps have been completed and have been operating effectively for a sufficient period of time. 
 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm due to the fact that the Company is a Smaller Reporting Company and exempt from the requirement. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except as set forth above, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2023, which were identified in connection with management s evaluation required by paragraph 
 58 

(d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable . 
 
 Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 The following table provides information regarding our Named Executive Officers (as defined below) and directors as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 Name Age Position(s) Period of Service Executive Officers Wes Cummins 45 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Director from February 2007 to December 2020 and March 2021 to Present, sole officer from March 2012 to December 2020 and CEO, Secretary and Treasurer from March 2021 to Present David Rench 45 Chief Financial Officer March 2021 to Present Michael Maniscalco 43 Chief Technology Officer Executive Vice President of Technology from September 2021 to June 2023; Chief Technology Officer beginning in July 2023 Non-Employee Directors Chuck Hastings 45 Director April 2021 to Present Kelli McDonald 45 Director April 2021 to Present Douglas Miller 66 Director April 2021 to Present Virginia Moore 49 Director April 2021 to Present Richard Nottenburg 69 Director June 2021 to Present 
 
 Executive officers 
 
 Wes Cummins 
 59 

Mr. Cummins has served as a member of our Board from 2007 until 2020 and from March 11, 2021 through present. During that time Mr. Cummins also served in various executive officer positions and he is currently serving as our chairman of the Board, chief executive officer, president, secretary and treasurer. Mr. Cummins was also the founder and CEO of 272 Capital LP, a registered investment advisor, which he sold to B. Riley Financial, Inc. (Nasdaq: RILY) in August 2021. Following the sale Mr. Cummins joined B. Riley as President of B. Riley Asset Management. Mr. Cummins intends to spend at least 40 hours per week on our business. Mr. Cummins has been a technology investor for over 20 years and held various positions in capital markets including positions at investment banks and hedge funds. Prior to founding 272 Capital and starting our operating business, Mr. Cummins was an analyst with Nokomis Capital, L.L.C., an investment advisory firm, a position he held from October 2012 until February 2020. Mr. Cummins also served as president of B. Riley Co., from 2002 to 2011. Mr. Cummins also serves as a member of the boards of Sequans Communications S.A. (NYSE: SQNS), a fabless designer, developer and supplier of cellular semiconductor solutions for massive, broadband and critical Internet of Things markets and Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG), designer, manufacturer and marketer of sensors, and sensor-based measurement systems, as well as specialty resistors and strain gages based upon their proprietary technology. Mr. Cummins served on the board of Telenav, Inc. (NASDAQ: TNAV) from August 2016 until February 2021. He holds a BSBA from Washington University in St. Louis where he majored in finance and accounting. 
 
 David Rench 
 
 Mr. Rench became our chief financial officer in March 2021 and continues to serve in that capacity. Prior to joining us, Mr. Rench co-founded in 2010, and from 2010 to 2017 served as the VP of Finance and Operations of, a software startup company, Ihiji, until the company was acquired by Control4 in 2017. After the acquisition of Ihiji, Mr. Rench joined and served as Chief Financial Officer of Hirzel Capital, an investment management company, from 2017 to 2020. Mr. Rench holds a BBA from the Neeley School of Business at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas, and an MBA from the Cox School of Business at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. 
 
 Michael Maniscalco 
 
 Mr. Maniscalco became our Executive Vice President of Technology in September 2022, and was named Chief Technology Officer in July 2023. In 2009, Mr. Maniscalco co-founded Ihiji, a remote network management services company, where he served as the Vice President of Product through February 2018, after Ihiji was acquired in 2017. From 2018 until his employment with the Company, Mr. Maniscalco founded and and served as Chief Executive Officer of Better Living Technologies from 2018 to 2022.. In addition, Mr. Maniscalco has founded several other companies and organizations over the last five years. 
 
 Appointment of Officers 
 
 Our executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our Board. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 
 
 Non-employee directors 
 
 Chuck Hastings 
 
 Mr. Hastings currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of B. Riley Wealth Management. Mr. Hastings joined B. Riley Financial in 2013 as a portfolio manager and became Director of Strategic Initiatives at B. Riley Wealth Management in 2018 and President in 2019. Prior to joining B. Riley, Mr. Hastings served as Portfolio Manager at Tri Cap LLC and was Head Trader at GPS Partners, a Los Angeles-based hedge fund, where he managed all aspects of trading and process including price and liquidity discovery and trade execution from 2005 to 2009. While at GPS Partners, Mr. Hastings was instrumental in growing the fund with the founding partners from a small start-up to one of the largest funds on the West Coast. Earlier in his career, Mr. Hastings served as a convertible bond trader at 
 60 

Morgan Stanley in New York. Mr. Hastings also serves as a Board member for IQvestment Holdings. Mr. Hastings holds a B.A. in political science from Princeton University. He is a recognized leader in the financial industry with more than two decades of global financial and business expertise. 
 
 Kelli McDonald 
 
 Ms. McDonald has a passion for high impact charity work in her local community. Ms. McDonald works in merchandising and book sales for an independent bookstore. She worked in early childhood education from 2006 to 2020. She served as the Fundraising Chairperson and Social Media Manager for KSD NOW in the early inception of the district-wide supplemental nutrition program, helping social workers launch a now-vital service. In addition to work in non-profit development, early childhood education and the Literacy Project, Ms. McDonald founded NG Gives Back. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from The University of Wisconsin Oshkosh. 
 
 Douglas Miller 
 
 Mr. Miller has served as a member of the board of directors of three public companies over the past nine years: Telenav, Inc. (NASDAQ: TNAV) from July 2015 to February 2021, CareDx, Inc. (NASDAQ: CDNA) from July 2016 to May 2017, and Procera Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: PKT) from May 2013 to June 2015. He has chaired the Audit Committee for each of these companies, and has also served as a Lead Independent Director and as chair or committee member on Compensation, Nominating and Governance and Special committees. Prior to his roles as board member, Mr. Miller served as senior vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer of Telenav, a wireless application developer specializing in personalized navigation services, from 2006 to 2012. From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Miller served as vice president and chief financial officer of Longboard, Inc., a privately held provider of telecommunications software. Prior to that, from 1998 to 2005, Mr. Miller held various management positions, including senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer, at Synplicity, Inc., a publicly traded electronic design automation company. 
 
 Mr. Miller also served as chief financial officer of 3DLabs, Inc., a publicly held graphics semiconductor company, and as an audit partner at Ernst Young LLP, a professional services organization. Mr. Miller is a certified public accountant (inactive). He holds a B.S.C. in Accounting from Santa Clara University. 
 
 Virginia Moore 
 
 Ms. Moore is the Co-founder, and CEO since 2017, of Catavento, a home textiles company based in Los Angeles. For 7 years prior to that, Ms. Moore was a partner and Vice President of Corbis Global, a 100- person architectural and engineering outsourcing firm. Earlier in her career she held positions in Marketing and Category Management with Coca-Cola, AC Nielsen and Universal Studios Home Entertainment. Ms. Moore earned a Business Administration degree from Universidad Cat lica de Cordoba in her native Argentina and an MBA from ESADE Business School in Barcelona, Spain. 
 
 Richard Nottenburg 
 
 Dr. Nottenburg is Executive Chairman of NxBeam Inc., which designs and builds leading proprietary mmWave ICs and radio products to power the next generation of satellite and terrestrial communication networks. Dr. Nottenburg is on the board of directors of Cognyte Software Ltd., (NASDAQ: CGNT),a global leader in security analytics software and Verint Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: VRNT), a customer engagement company. He serves as chairman of the compensation committee of both companies. He is also a member of the board of Sequans Communications S.A. (NYSE: SQNS), a leading developer and provider of 5G and 4G chips and modules for massive, broadband and critical IoT applications where he serves on both the audit and compensation committees. Previously, Dr. Nottenburg served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Sonus Networks, Inc. from 2008 through 2010. From 2004 until 2008, Dr. Nottenburg was an officer with Motorola, Inc., ultimately serving as its Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Technology Officer. 
 61 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of its Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Commission and to furnish the Company with copies of all such reports they file. Based on the Company s review of the copies of such forms received by it, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that none of its directors, executive officers or persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the Common Stock failed to comply with Section 16(a) reporting requirements during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 (the Last Fiscal Year ), except for one Form 4 filed by Virginia Moore reporting eight late transactions. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers, and directors. The full text of our code of business conduct and ethics is posted on the Investors section of our website: www.applieddigital.com. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our code of business conduct and ethics, or waivers of these provisions, on our website or in public filings. 
 
 Board of Directors Composition 
 
 Our Board currently consists of six members. Each of our current directors serves until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or earlier death, resignation or removal. Despite the expiration of a director s term, however, the director shall continue to serve until such director s successor is elected and qualifies or until there is a decrease in the number of directors. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 Lead Independent Director 
 
 Our Board has appointed Douglas Miller as our lead independent director. Our lead independent director is expected to provide leadership to our Board if circumstances arise in which the role of chief executive officer and chairperson of our Board may be, or may be perceived to be, in conflict, and perform such additional duties as our Board may otherwise determine and delegate. 
 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 
 Our Board has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating and Governance Committee, each of which have the composition and responsibilities described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board. Each committee operates under a written charter approved by our Board that satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Copies of each committee s charter are posted on the Investors section of our website. Membership in each committee is shown in the following table. 
 Audit Committee 
 Compensation Committee 
 Nominating and Governance Committee 
 Wes Cummins 
 Chuck Hastings 

Kelli McDonald 

Douglas Miller 

62 

Virginia Moore 

Richard Nottenburg 

Chair Member 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Our Audit Committee is comprised of Messrs. Miller, Hastings and Nottenburg. Mr. Miller is the chairperson of our Audit Committee. Each Audit Committee member meets the requirements for independence under the current Nasdaq Global Select Market listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Mr. Miller qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ). This designation does not impose any duties, obligations, or liabilities that are greater than are generally imposed on members of our Audit Committee and our Board. Each member of our Audit Committee is financially literate. Our Audit Committee is directly responsible for, among other things: 
 
 selecting a firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements; 
 ensuring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 
 discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm and reviewing, with management and that firm, our interim and year-end operating results; 
 establishing procedures for employees to anonymously submit concerns about questionable accounting or audit matters; 
 considering the adequacy of our internal controls and internal audit function; 
 inquiring about significant risks, reviewing our policies for risk assessment and risk management, including cybersecurity risks, and assessing the steps management has taken to control these risks; 
 reviewing and overseeing our policies related to compliance risks; 
 reviewing related party transactions that are material or otherwise implicate disclosure requirements; and 
 approving or, as permitted, pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Our Compensation Committee is comprised of Mr. Nottenburg, Ms. McDonald, Ms. Moore and Mr. Miller. Mr. Nottenburg is the chairperson of our Compensation Committee. The composition of our Compensation Committee meets the requirements for independence under the current Nasdaq Global Select Market listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Each member of this committee is a non- employee director, as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Our Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things: 
 
 reviewing and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the compensation and the terms of any compensatory agreements of our executive officers; 
 reviewing and recommending to our Board the compensation of our directors; 
 administering our stock and equity incentive plans; 
 reviewing and approving, or making recommendations to our Board with respect to, incentive compensation and equity plans; and 
 establishing our overall compensation philosophy. 
 
 Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 Our Nominating and Governance Committee is comprised of Ms. Moore, Ms. McDonald and Mr. Hastings. Ms. Moore is the chairperson of our Nominating and Governance Committee. The composition of our Nominating and Governance Committee meets the requirements for independence under the current Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Our Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things: 
 
 63 

identifying and recommending candidates for membership on our Board; 
 recommending directors to serve on board committees; 
 reviewing and recommending our corporate governance guidelines and policies; 
 reviewing succession plans for senior management positions, including the chief executive officer; 
 reviewing proposed waivers of the code of business conduct and ethics for directors, executive officers, and employees (with waivers for directors or executive officers to be approved by the Board); 
 evaluating, and overseeing the process of evaluating, the performance of our Board and individual directors; and 
 advising our Board on corporate governance matters. 
 
 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 
 
 Our Board of directors is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. Our Board, as a whole, determines our appropriate level of risk, assesses the specific risks that we face, and reviews management s strategies for adequately mitigating and managing the identified risks. Although our Board administers this risk management oversight function, the committees of our Board support our Board in discharging its oversight duties and address risks inherent in their respective areas. The Audit Committee reviews our major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including our procedures and related policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. Our Audit Committee also reviews matters relating to compliance, cybersecurity, and security and reports to our Board regarding such matters. The Compensation Committee reviews risks and exposures associated with compensation plans and programs. We believe this division of responsibilities is an effective approach for addressing the risks we face and that our Board leadership structure supports this approach. 
 
 Board Diversity 
 
 Each year, our Nominating and Governance Committee will review, with the Board, the appropriate characteristics, skills, and experience required for the Board as a whole and its individual members. In evaluating the suitability of individual candidates, our nominating and governance committee will consider factors including, without limitation, an individual s character, integrity, judgment, potential conflicts of interest, other commitments, and diversity. While we have no formal policy regarding board diversity for our Board as a whole nor for each individual member, the Nominating and Governance Committee does consider such factors as gender, race, ethnicity and experience, area of expertise, as well as other individual attributes that contribute to the total diversity of viewpoints and experience represented on the Board. 
 
 In August 2021, the SEC approved a Nasdaq Stock Market proposal to adopt new listing rules relating to board diversity and disclosure. As approved by the SEC, the new Nasdaq listing rules require all Nasdaq listed companies to disclose consistent, transparent diversity statistics regarding their boards of directors. The rules also require most Nasdaq-listed companies to have, or explain why they do not have, at least two diverse directors, including one who self-identifies as female and one who self identifies as either an under-represented minority or LGBTQ+. The Board Diversity Matrix below presents the Board s diversity statistics in the format prescribed by the Nasdaq rules. 
 
 Board Diversity Matrix (as of July 25, 2023) 
 Total Number of Directors 
 6 Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 Part I: Gender Identity 
 Directors 
 2 
 4 0 
 0 
 Part II: Demographic Background 
 African American or Black 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 Alaskan Native or Native American 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 Asian 
 0 
 0 0 
 0 
 
 64 

Hispanic or Latinx 
 1 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 White 
 1 
 4 
 0 
 0 
 Two or More Races or Ethnicities 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 Other (Race or Ethnicity) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 LGBTQ+ 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

To see our Board Diversity Matrix as of August 30, 2022, please see our proxy statement filed with the SEC on 
 September 27, 2022. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 To our knowledge, (i) no director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years; (ii) no director or executive officer has been convicted of a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years; (iii) no director or executive officer has been the subject of any order, judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities during the past ten years; and (iv) no director or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Compensation Overview 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our compensation programs are designed to: 
 
 Attract, motivate, incentivize, and retain employees at the executive level who contribute to our long-term success; 
 Provide compensation packages to our executives that are competitive, reward the achievement of our business objectives, and effectively align their interests with those of our stockholders; and 
 Focus on long-term equity incentives that correlate with the growth of sustainable long-term value for our stockholders. 
 
 Our Compensation Committee is responsible for the executive compensation programs for our Named Executive Officers and reports to our Board of Directors on its discussions, decisions, and other actions. Our Chief Executive Officer makes recommendations for the respective executive officers that report to him to our Compensation Committee and typically attends Compensation Committee meetings. Our Chief Executive Officer makes such recommendations (other than with respect to himself) regarding base salary, and short-term and long-term compensation, including equity incentives, for our executive officers based on our results, an executive officer's individual contribution toward these results, the executive officer's role and performance of his or her duties, and his or her achievement of individual goals. Our Compensation Committee then reviews the recommendations and other data, including various compensation survey data and publicly available data of our peers, and makes decisions as to the target total direct compensation for each executive officer, including our Chief Executive Officer, as well as each individual compensation element. While our Chief Executive Officer typically attends meetings of the Compensation Committee, the Compensation Committee meets outside the presence of our Chief Executive Officer when discussing his compensation and when discussing certain other matters, as well. 
 
 65 

Our Compensation Committee is authorized to retain the services of one or more executive compensation advisors, as it sees fit, in connection with the establishment of our executive compensation programs and related policies. In fiscal year ending May 31, 2023, the Compensation Committee retained Compensia Inc., a national compensation consulting firm with compensation expertise relating to technology and life science companies, to provide it with market information, analysis, and other advice relating to executive compensation on an ongoing basis. The Compensation Committee engaged Compensia, Inc. to, among other things, assist in developing an appropriate group of peer companies to help us determine the appropriate level of overall compensation for our executive officers, as well as to assess each separate element of compensation, with a goal of ensuring that the compensation we offer to our executive officers, individually as well as in the aggregate, is competitive and fair. We do not believe the retention of, and the work performed by, Compensia, Inc. creates any conflict of interest. 
 
 Compensation and Governance Practices and Policies 
 
 We endeavor to maintain strong governance standards in our policies and practices related to executive compensation. Below is a summary of our key executive compensation and corporate governance practices. 
 
 What We Do What We Don t Do 
 Annually assess the risk-reward balance of our compensation programs in order to mitigate undue risks in our programs 
 No pension plans or Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans 
 Provide compensation mix that more heavily weights variable pay 
 No hedging or pledging of our securities 
 An independent compensation consultant advises the Compensation Committee 
 No excise tax gross-ups upon a change of control 

Peer Group 
 
 The Compensation Committee reviews market data of companies that we believe are comparable to us. With Compensia s assistance, the Compensation Committee developed a peer group for use when making its compensation decisions for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023, which consisted of publicly traded technology companies headquartered in the U.S. that generally had a market capitalization between 0.25x and 4.0x the Company s market capitalization. The Compensation Committee referred to compensation data from this peer group and broader survey data (for similarly-sized companies) when making base salary, cash bonus and equity award decisions for our executive officers for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023. The following is a list of the public companies that composed our peer group for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023: 
 
 Alkami Technology CleanSpark Paya Backblaze Couchbase Riot Platforms Bakkt Holdings Fastly Stronghold Digital Mining Bit Digital Greenidge Generation Holdings Sumo Logic Cantaloupe IronNet TeraWulf Cipher Mining Marathon Digital Holdings Veritone 
 
 Base Salaries 
 
 The compensation of Named Executive Officers is generally determined and approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The base salaries of each of the Named Executive Officers for the fiscal years ending May 31, 2022 and 2023 were as follows. 
 
 66 

Named Executive Officer 
 Position 
 Base Salary FY22 
 Base Salary FY22 
 Wes Cummins 
 CEO 
 300,000 
 600,000 David Rench 
 CFO 
 240,000 
 350,000 Michael Maniscalco 
 CTO 
 200,000 275,000 
 
 Annual Bonuses 
 
 We maintain an annual bonus program that rewards each of our Named Executive Officers for our performance against business objectives. Our Board of Directors establishes performance goals for this program each year and then evaluates performance against these established goals to determine the amount of each award. This program is based on performance over a fiscal year and pays out early in the following year, subject to the executive s continued service through the payment date. All awards under this program are subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors. For the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023, the target annual bonuses for our Named Executive Officers were as follows. 
 
 Named Executive Officer 
 Position 
 Target Bonus of Salary) 
 Wes Cummins 
 CEO 
 100 
 David Rench 
 CFO 
 100 
 Michael Maniscalco 
 CTO 
 75 
 
 Equity Compensation 
 
 During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, we granted restricted stock units RSUs and performance stock units PSUs to each of our Named Executive Officers. We feel this equity mix effectively aligns Named Executive Officer compensation with shareholder returns while also achieving retention objectives. During the fiscal year , grants to our Named Executive Officers were as follows: 
 
 Named Executive Officer 
 Position 
 # of Restricted Stock Units 
 # of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (at target) 
 Wes Cummins 
 CEO 
 1,100,000 1,400,000 David Rench 
 CFO 
 460,000 490,000 Michael Maniscalco 
 CTO 
 216,000 175,000 
 
 The RSUs are time-based and provide for vesting in tranches over three years. The PSUs are performance-based and provide for earning between 50 -250 of the employee s target units if certain financial targets are met during the measurement period, which consists of two fiscal years, and for vesting of any earned units on the third anniversary of grant. 
 
 Employment Agreements with Named Executive Officers 
 
 The Company currently has employment agreements with Mr. Cummins, and Mr. Rench. The employment agreements include non-compete and non-solicitation provisions. See Employment Agreements and Arrangements Between the Company and Named Executives of this Item 11 for a description of the material terms of Mr. Cummins s and Mr Rench's employment agreements. The Company does not currently have an employment agreement with Mr. Maniscalco. 
 
 Welfare and other Benefits 
 
 67 

See Welfare and other benefits of this Item 11 for a description of certain benefits provided to our Named Executive Officers. The Company maintains a broad-based 401(k) plan for its employees including its Named Executive Officers. Our Named Executive Officers did not participate in, or otherwise receive any benefits under, any pension or retirement plan sponsored by us during the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023. Our Named Executive Officers did not participate in, or earn any benefits under, a nonqualified deferred compensation plan sponsored by us during the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023. 
 
 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 
 
 Except as provided below, the Named Executive Officers employment agreements do not provide for any special payments in the event of a termination of employment or a Change in Control of the Company while the agreement is in effect. 
 
 Under the terms of each Named Executive Officer s restricted stock award (each, an Award ), if the Named Executive Officer s employment terminates before the Award is vested and the termination is on account of the Named Executive Officer s death, disability or termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Award), the Named Executive Officer will vest in a portion of the unvested Award based on the number of full months of employment that the Named Executive Officer has completed as of the termination date, and since the grant date of the Award. Under the terms of each Named Executive Officer s PSU Award, the portion 
 of the Target Award that will be earned and vested is determined based on both the months of employment 
 completed as of the termination date and on achievement of certain performance factors defined in the Award during 
 the period prior to the termination of employment 
 
 In addition, if there is a change in control of the Company as defined in the Award Change in Control of the Company while the Award remains unvested, the Award will be treated in accordance with one of the following as determined by the Compensation Committee: (1) the Award may be replaced with a new award that constitutes a Replacement Award under the terms of the Award and relevant tax rules; (2) if the Company s stock continues to be publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (or another established securities market) after the Change in Control, then the Award will continue in place and be treated as a Replacement Award; or (3) if, following the Change in Control, the Company s stock is no longer publicly traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (or another established securities market), the unvested portion of the Award shall become vested immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Committee may determine that any unvested portion of the Award will be cancelled and terminated for consideration instead. Notwithstanding 
 the foregoing, for PSU Awards, if the Change in Control occurs prior to the date that the Committee determines the 
 number of units earned under the Award, the Named Executive Officer will vest in a portion of the Award based on 
 the months of employment completed as of the Change in Control, applied to the higher of 100 of the target Award and the amount earned based on actual performance as of the end of the last full calendar quarter preceding the Change in Control date. 
 
 If payment of an Award in connection with a Change in Control would result in liability for an excise tax under 
 Section 4999 of the Code for excess parachute payments as defined in Section 280G of the Code, the amount of 
 the Award may be reduced to avoid imposition of the excise tax, if such reduction results in a greater post-tax 
 benefit to the Named Executive Officer as compared to payment of the full amount of the Award and imposition of 
 the excise tax. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company under applicable SEC rules and are providing disclosure regarding our executive compensation arrangements pursuant to the rules applicable to emerging growth companies, which means that we are not required to provide a compensation discussion and analysis and certain other disclosures regarding our executive compensation. The following discussion relates to the compensation of each of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and its two other most highly compensated individuals who were serving as executive officers at the end of the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, for services rendered in all capacities during such year (the Named 
 68 

Executive Officers ), consisting of Wes Cummins, our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Chairman of the Board, David Rench, our Chief Financial Officer, and Michael Maniscalco, our Chief Technology Officer. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 Name and Principal Position(s) Year Salary ) (1) 
 Bonus ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (2) 
 All Other Compensation ) (3) 
 Total ) Wes Cummins 2023 312,500 150,000 5,492,078 5,954,578 Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer 2022 279,167 300,000 4,020,000 4,599,167 2021 52,083 52,083 David Rench 2023 272,292 339,375 2,098,578 2,710,245 Chief Financial Officer 2022 254,707 180,000 1,339,987 1,774,694 2021 41,667 20,000 61,667 Michael Maniscalco 2023 200,000 92,500 854,941 1,147,441 Chief Technology Officer (4) 
 2022 61,667 61,667 
 __________________ 
 1. 2021 amounts represent compensation for partial year service from March 2021 through May 31, 2021. 
 2. Consists of value of restricted stock awards made outside of the 2022 Incentive Plan. 
 3. Consists of restricted stock units granted through the 2022 Incentive Plan and health care premiums paid by the Company. 
 4. Mr. Maniscalco joined the Company in September 2021 as EVP, Technology, and became Chief Technology Officer on July 5, 2023. 

Employment Agreements 
 
 Cummins Agreement 
 
 Wes Cummins is our Chief Executive Officer. On January 4, 2022, we and Mr. Cummins entered into an Employment Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2021 (the Cummins Employment Agreement ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Cummins Employment Agreement, Mr. Cummins receives a base salary of 300,000 per annum, subject to annual review, and shall also be eligible for an annual bonus of up to 100 of his base salary, to be determined at our sole discretion. The term of the Cummins Employment Agreement ends on October 31, 2024, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 60 days prior to the relevant end date. 
 
 The Cummins Employment Agreement grants Mr. Cummins an incentive award of 500,000 restricted shares of our common stock Restricted Stock ). 
 
 The Restricted Stock will vest in accordance with the following schedule (pending an effective registration statement covering the resale of shares of common stock comprising the stock award, which has yet to occur at the time of this filing): 
 Number of Shares Vesting Date 250,000 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4/1/2022 62,500 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7/1/2022 62,500 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10/1/2022 
 69 

62,500 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1/1/2023 62,500 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4/1/2023 
 __________________ 
 Shares will vest on such date or the date, if later, on which the SEC declares effective a registration statement covering the resale of the shares of restricted stock (such date, the Later Date ). 
 
 The Cummins Employment Agreement requires Mr. Cummins to devote his full-time efforts to his employment duties and obligations, and provides that Mr. Cummins will be entitled to participate in all benefit plans provided to our employees in accordance with our applicable plan, policy or practices, as well as in any long-term incentive program established by us. It also provides for unlimited annual paid vacation, and reimbursement of reasonable business expenses, and provides that either party may terminate the employment arrangement pursuant to the notice requirements set forth in the Cummins Employment Agreement. 
 
 The Cummins Employment Agreement contains restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Cummins from disclosing our confidential information at any time, from competing with us in any geographic area where we do business during his employment, and from soliciting our employees, contractors or customers, during his employment and for one year thereafter. 
 
 Rench Agreement 
 
 David Rench is our Chief Financial Officer. On January 4, 2022, we and Mr. Rench entered into an Employment Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2021 (the Rench Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Rench Employment Agreement, Mr. Rench receives a base salary of 240,000 per annum, subject to annual review, and shall also be eligible for an annual bonus of up to 75 of his base salary, to be determined at our sole discretion. The term of the Rench Employment Agreement ends on October 31, 2024, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 60 days prior to the relevant end date. 
 
 The Rench Employment Agreement grants Mr. Rench an incentive award of 166,666 shares of Restricted Stock. The Restricted Stock will vest in accordance with the following schedule (pending an effective registration statement covering the resale of shares of common stock comprising the stock award, which has yet to occur at the time of this filing) : 
 Number of Shares Vesting Date 83,333 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4/1/2022 20,833 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7/1/2022 20,833 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10/1/2022 20,833 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1/1/2023 20,834 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4/1/2023 
 __________________ 
 Shares will vest on such date or the Later Date, if later. 
 
 The Rench Employment Agreement requires Mr. Rench to devote forty (40) hours per week to his employment duties and obligations, and provides that Mr. Rench will be entitled to participate in all benefit plans provided to our employees in accordance with our applicable plan, policy or practices, as well as in any long-term incentive program established by us. It also provides for unlimited annual paid vacation, and reimbursement of reasonable business expenses, and provides that either party may terminate the employment arrangement pursuant to the notice requirements set forth in the Rench Employment Agreement. 
 
 The Rench Employment Agreement contains restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Rench from disclosing our confidential information at any time, from competing with us in any geographic area where we do business during his employment, and from soliciting our employees, contractors or customers, during his employment and for one year thereafter. 
 70 

On July 18, 2022, the Compensation Committee increased Mr. Rench s annual base salary to 275,000, effective August 1, 2022. 
 
 Maniscalco 
 
 The Company does not currently have an employment agreement with Mr. Maniscalco. Mr. Maniscalco receives a base salary of 275,000 per annum, subject to annual review, and is eligible for an annual bonus of up to 75 of his base salary, to be determined at our sole discretion. Mr. Maniscalco is entitled to participate in all benefit plans provided to our employees in accordance with our applicable plan, policy or practices, as well as in any long-term incentive program established by us. 
 
 Severance Agreements 
 None of our employees have severance agreements. 
 
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT MAY 31, 2023 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 Name 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Wes Cummins 
 416,667 (1) 
 3,487,503 600,000 (2) 
 5,022,000 700,000 (3) 
 5,859,000 David Rench 
 208,334 (4) 
 1,743,756 210,000 (5) 
 1,757,700 245,000 (6) 
 2,050,650 Michael Maniscalco 
 125,000 (7) 
 1,046,250 75,000 (8) 
 627,750 87,500 (8) 
 732,375 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Consists of restricted stock units that vest as follows: 83,333 on each of August 5, 2023, August 5, 2024 and February 5, 2025 and 83,334 on each of February 5, 2024 and August 5, 2025. 
 
 (2) Consists of restricted stock units that vest as follows: 200,000 on April 4, 2024 and 100,000 on each of October 4, 2024, April 4, 2025, October 4, 2025 and April 4, 2026. 
 
 (3) Consists of performance stock units, at threshold, that may be earned during the two fiscal years beginning in 2023 and 2024 if certain financial performance criteria are met and will vest on April 4, 2026. 
 
 (4) Consists of restricted stock units that vest as follows: 41,667 on each of August 5, 2023, February 5, 2024, February 5, 2025 and August 5, 2025 and 41,666 on August 5, 2024. 
 
 (5) Consists of restricted stock units that vest as follows: 70,000 on April 4, 2024 and 35,000 on each of October 4, 2024, April 4, 2025, October 4, 2025 and April 4, 2026. 
 
 (6) Consists of performance stock units, at threshold, that may be earned during the two fiscal years beginning in 2023 and 2024 if certain financial performance criteria are met and will vest on April 4, 2026. 
 
 71 

(7) Consists of restricted stock units that vest as follows: 30,556 on August 5, 2023, and 23,611 on each of February 5, 2024, August 5, 2024, February 5, 2025 and August 5, 2025. 
 
 (8) Consists of restricted stock units that vest as follows: 25,000 on April 4, 2024 and 12,500 on each of October 4, 2024, April 4, 2025, October 4, 2025 and April 4, 2026. 
 
 (9) Consists of performance stock units, at threshold, that may be earned during the two fiscal years beginning in 2023 and 2024 if certain financial performance criteria are met and will vest on April 4, 2026. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information, as of May 31, 2023, regarding the shares of the Company s common stock authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans. 
 
 Plan 
 Number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants or rights (1) 
 Weighted average of exercise price of outstanding 
 Number of shares of Common Stock remaining available for future issuance 
 2022 Incentive Plan 
 0.00 5,085,720 2022 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan 
 0.00 1,359,229 Compensation plans not approved by shareholders (1) 
 895,839 0.00 
 ________________ 
 (1) Reflects restricted stock units which were not granted under the 2022 Incentive Plan or 2022 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan. 
 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 
 On October 9, 2021, our Board approved two equity incentive plans, which our stockholders approved on January 20, 2022. The two plans consist of the 2021 Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ), which provides for grants of various equity awards to our employees and consultants, and the 2021 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (the Director Plan and, together with the Incentive Plan, the Plans ), which provides for grants of restricted stock to non-employee directors and for deferral of cash and stock compensation if such deferral provisions are activated at a future date. 
 
 The Incentive Plan 
 
 The following is a summary of the material features of the Incentive Plan, qualified in its entirety by reference to the Incentive Plan. 
 
 Administration 
 
 The Compensation Committee administers the Incentive Plan. The Compensation Committee has full and exclusive discretionary power to interpret the terms and the intent of the Incentive Plan and any award agreement or other agreement or document ancillary to or in connection with the Incentive Plan, to select eligible employees and third-party service providers to receive awards Participants ), to determine eligibility for awards and to adopt such rules, regulations, forms, instruments, and guidelines for administering the Incentive Plan as it may deem necessary or proper. Such authority shall include, but not be limited to, selecting award recipients, establishing all award terms and conditions, including the terms and conditions set forth in award agreements, granting awards as an alternative to or as the form of payment for grants or rights earned or due under compensation plans, service contracts or other of our arrangements, construing any ambiguous provision of the Incentive Plan or any award agreement, and, 
 72 

subject to stockholder or Participant approvals as may be required, adopting modifications and amendments to the Incentive Plan or any award agreement. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Compensation Committee shall be final and binding upon Participants, us, and all other interested individuals. 
 
 The Compensation Committee may delegate its administrative duties or powers to one or more of its members or to one or more of our officers, our affiliates or subsidiaries, or to one or more agents or advisors. However, the authority to grant awards to individuals who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, cannot be delegated to anyone who is not a member of the Compensation Committee. As used in this summary, the term Incentive Plan Administrator means the Compensation Committee and any delegate, as appropriate. 
 
 Eligibility 
 
 Any employee of, and any third-party service provider to, us, an affiliate or a subsidiary is eligible to participate in the Incentive Plan if selected by the Incentive Plan Administrator. We are not able to estimate the number of individuals that the Incentive Plan Administrator will select to participate in the Incentive Plan or the type or size of awards that the Incentive Plan Administrator will approve. Therefore, the benefits to be allocated to any individual or to various groups of individuals are not presently determinable. 
 
 Awards 
 
 Under the Incentive Plan, if approved by stockholders, we will be able to grant nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, cash-based awards and other stock-based awards. 
 
 Options. Options granted under the Incentive Plan may be incentive stock options ISOs or nonqualified stock options. Options entitle the Participant to purchase a specified number of shares of common stock from us at a specified option price, subject to applicable vesting conditions and such other provisions as the Incentive Plan Administrator may determine consistent with the Incentive Plan, including, without limitation, restrictions on transferability of the underlying shares. The per-share option price will be fixed by the Incentive Plan Administrator at the time the option is granted, but cannot be less than the per- share fair market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant (or, with respect to ISOs, in the case of a holder of more than 10 percent of outstanding voting securities, 110 percent of such per share fair market value). The option price may be paid, in the Incentive Plan Administrator s discretion, in cash or its equivalent, with shares of common stock, by a cashless, broker-assisted exercise, or a combination thereof, or any other method accepted by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 The minimum vesting period for an option is generally one year. The maximum period in which a vested option may be exercised will be fixed by the Incentive Plan Administrator at the time the option is granted but cannot exceed 10 years (five years for ISOs granted to a holder of more than 10 percent of our outstanding voting securities). The Award Agreement will set forth the extent to which a Participant may exercise the option following termination of employment. No employee may be granted ISOs that are first exercisable in a calendar year for common stock having an aggregate fair market value (determined as of the date the option is granted) exceeding 100,000. 
 
 SARs. A stock appreciation right SAR entitles the Participant to receive an amount upon exercise equal to the excess of the fair market value of one share of common stock on the exercise date over the grant price of the SAR. SARs shall be subject to applicable vesting conditions and such other provisions as the Incentive Plan Administrator may determine consistent with the Incentive Plan, including, without limitation, mandatory holding periods for any shares received upon exercise. The grant price per SAR shall be determined by the Incentive Plan Administrator, but cannot be less than the fair market value of one share of common stock on the grant date. 
 
 The minimum vesting period for a SAR is generally one year. The maximum period in which a vested SAR may be exercised will be fixed by the Incentive Plan Administrator at the time the SAR is granted, but generally cannot exceed 10 years. The Award Agreement shall set forth the extent to which a Participant may exercise the SAR following termination of employment. The amount payable upon the exercise of an SAR may, in the Incentive Plan 
 73 

Administrator s discretion, be settled in cash, common stock, or a combination thereof, or any other manner approved by the Incentive Plan Administrator. 
 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. Restricted stock is common stock issued to a Participant subject to applicable vesting and other restrictions. Restricted stock units are similar to restricted stock except that no shares of common stock are actually issued to the Participant unless and until the restrictions on the award lapse. An award of restricted stock or restricted stock units will be forfeitable, or otherwise restricted, until conditions established at the time of the grant are satisfied. These conditions may include, for 
 example, a requirement that the Participant complete a specified period of service or the attainment of certain performance objectives. Any restrictions imposed on an award of restricted stock or restricted stock units will be prescribed by the Incentive Plan Administrator. 
 
 The minimum vesting period for restricted stock and restricted stock units is generally one year. The Award Agreement shall set forth the extent to which a Participant may retain restricted stock or restricted stock units following termination of employment. Participants may be granted full voting rights with respect to restricted stock during the applicable restriction period, but will have no voting rights with respect to restricted stock units until common stock is issued in settlement thereof. Restricted stock will become freely transferable by the Participant after all conditions and restrictions have been satisfied. Vested restricted stock units may, in the Incentive Plan Administrator s discretion, be settled in cash, common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock or any other manner approved by the Incentive Plan Administrator. 
 
 Performance Shares and Performance Units. A performance share award entitles a Participant to receive a payment equal to the fair market value of a specific number of shares of common stock, subject to applicable performance and vesting conditions. A performance unit award is similar to a performance share award except that a performance unit award is not necessarily tied to the value of common stock. The Incentive Plan Administrator will prescribe, as set forth in an award agreement, the performance conditions that must be satisfied during the applicable performance period for an award of performance shares or performance units to be earned. The Incentive Plan Administrator may also impose time-based vesting conditions on the payment of earned performance shares or performance units. 
 
 The minimum performance period or vesting period for performance shares and performance units is generally one year. The award agreement shall set forth the extent to which a Participant may retain performance units and performance shares following termination of employment. To the extent that performance units or performance shares are earned and vested, the obligation may be settled in cash, common stock or a combination of cash and common stock. If the award is settled in shares of common stock, the shares may be subject to additional restrictions deemed appropriate by the Incentive Plan Administrator. 
 
 Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards. The Incentive Plan also allows the Incentive Plan Administrator to make cash-based awards and other stock-based awards to Participants on such terms and conditions as the Incentive Plan Administrator prescribes, including without limitation, time-based and performance-based vesting conditions. The minimum vesting period for other stock-based awards is generally one year. The award agreement shall set forth the extent to which a Participant may retain cash-based and other stock and equity-based awards following termination of employment. To the extent that any cash-based and other stock and equity-based awards are granted, they may, in the Incentive Plan Administrator s discretion, be settled in cash or common stock. 
 
 Dividend Equivalents 
 
 Participants may be granted dividend equivalents based on the dividends declared on shares that are subject to any award during the period between the grant date and the date the Award is exercised, vests or expires. The payment of dividends and dividend equivalents prior to an award becoming vested is prohibited, and the Incentive Plan Administrator shall determine the extent to which dividends and dividend equivalents may accrue during the vesting period. 
 
 Minimum Vesting of Stock-Based Awards 
 74 

Awards granted under the Incentive Plan are generally subject to a minimum vesting period of at least one year. Awards may be subject to cliff-vesting or graded-vesting conditions, with graded vesting starting no earlier than one year after the grant date. The Incentive Plan Administrator may provide for shorter vesting periods in an award agreement for no more than five percent of the maximum number of shares authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan. 
 
 Transferability 
 
 In general, awards available under the Incentive Plan will be nontransferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 Performance Objectives 
 
 The Compensation Committee shall have full discretionary authority to select performance measures and related performance goals upon which payment or vesting of an award depends. Performance measures may relate to financial metrics, non-financial metrics, GAAP and non-GAAP metrics, business and individual objectives or any other performance metrics that the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. 
 The Compensation Committee may provide in any award that any evaluation of performance may include or exclude any of the following events that occurs during a performance period: (a) asset write- downs, (b) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (c) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or provisions affecting reported results, (d) any reorganization and restructuring programs, (e) extraordinary nonrecurring items as described in management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations appearing in the our annual report to stockholders for the applicable year, (f) acquisitions or divestitures, and (g) foreign exchange gains and losses. 
 
 The Compensation Committee shall retain the discretion to adjust performance-based awards upward or downward, either on a formula or discretionary basis or any combination, as the Committee determines. 
 
 Change in Control 
 
 Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement or otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, upon a Change in Control the following shall occur: 
 
 a. For awards other than performance awards, a Replacement Award (that is, an award with a value and terms that are at least as favorable as the outstanding award) may be issued; 
 b. For awards other than performance awards, if a Replacement Award is not issued and our common stock ceases to be publicly traded after the Change in Control, such awards shall be immediately vested and exercisable upon such Change in Control; 
 c. For unearned performance awards, the award shall be (i) earned on a pro-rata basis at the higher of actual or target performance and (ii) measured as of the end of the calendar quarter before the effective date of the Change in Control, or, if the award is stock-price based, as of the effective date of the Change in Control; 
 d. For earned but unvested performance awards, the award shall be immediately vested and payable as of the effective date of the Change in Control; 
 e. For awards other than performance awards, if our common stock continues to be publicly traded after a Change in Control, such awards shall continue under their applicable terms, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, in the case of awards other than performance awards, the Compensation Committee may cancel such awards, and the award holders shall receive shares or cash equal to the difference between the amount stockholders receive for their shares pursuant to the Change in Control event and the purchase price per share, if any, under the award. 
 
 75 

Except as may be provided in a severance compensation agreement between us and the Participant, if, in connection with a Change in Control, a Participant s payment of any awards will cause the Participant to be liable for federal excise tax levied on certain excess parachute payments, then either (i) all payments otherwise due or (ii) the reduced payment amount to avoid an excess parachute payment, whichever will provide the Participant with the greater after-tax economic benefit taking into account any applicable excise tax, shall be paid to the Participant. In no event will any Participant be entitled to receive any kind of gross-up payment or reimbursement for any excise taxes payable in connection with Change in Control payments. 
 
 Share Authorization 
 
 The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Incentive Plan was initially 13,333,333 shares. On January 1st of each year, for a period of not more than nine years, beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2031, the number of shares authorized under the Incentive Plan automatically increases in an amount equal to 3 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year. On January 1, 2023, 2,834,229 shares were added to the Incentive Plan, resulting in a new number of shares authorized under the Incentive Plan of 16,167,562, all of which can be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options. 
 
 In connection with any corporate event or transaction (including, but not limited to, a change in our shares or our capitalization) such as a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, separation, partial or complete liquidation, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split up, spin off, or other distribution of our stock or property, combination of shares, exchange of shares, dividend in kind, or other like change in capital structure, number of outstanding shares or distribution (other than normal cash dividends) to our stockholders, or any similar corporate event or transaction, the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of Participants rights under the Incentive Plan, shall substitute or adjust, as applicable, the number and kind of shares that may be issued under the Incentive Plan or under particular forms of awards, the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding awards, the option price or grant price applicable to outstanding awards, and other value determinations applicable to outstanding awards. The Compensation Committee may also make appropriate adjustments in the terms of any awards under the Incentive Plan to reflect or relate to such changes or distributions and to modify any other terms of outstanding awards, including modifications of performance goals and changes in the length of performance periods. 
 
 If an award entitles the holder to receive or purchase shares of common stock, the shares covered by such award or to which the award relates shall be counted against the aggregate number of shares available for awards under the Incentive Plan as follows: 
 
 a. With respect to any awards, the number of shares available for awards shall be reduced by one share for each share covered by such award or to which the award relates; and 
 b. Awards that do not entitle the holder to receive or purchase shares and awards that are settled in cash shall not be counted against the aggregate number of shares available for awards under the Incentive Plan. 
 
 In addition, any shares related to awards which terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without issuance of shares shall be available again for grant under the Incentive Plan. 
 In no event, however, will the following shares again become available for awards or increase the number of shares available for grant under the Incentive Plan: 
 
 (i) shares tendered by the Participant in payment of the exercise price of an option; 
 (ii) shares withheld from exercised awards for tax withholding purposes; 
 (iii) shares subject to a SAR that are not issued in connection with the settlement of that SAR; and 
 (iv) shares repurchased by us with proceeds received from the exercise of an option. 
 
 Amendment and Termination 
 
 76 

No award may be granted under the Incentive Plan after 10 years from the date the Incentive Plan was approved by stockholders. The Compensation Committee may, at any time and from time to time, alter, amend, modify, suspend, or terminate the Incentive Plan and any award agreement in whole or in part; provided, however, that, 
 
 (i) without the prior approval of our stockholders, options or SARs issued under the Incentive Plan will not be repriced, repurchased (including a cash buyout), replaced, or re-granted through cancellation, or by lowering the option price of a previously granted option or the grant price of a previously granted SAR (except in connection with a permitted adjustment in authorized shares described above), and 
 (ii) any amendment of the Incentive Plan must comply with the rules of the primary stock exchange or trading market, if any, that our common stock is publicly traded on (the Trading Market ), and (iii) no material amendment of the Incentive Plan shall be made without stockholder approval if stockholder approval is required by law, regulation, or Trading Market rule. 
 
 The Compensation Committee may make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events affecting us or our financial statements or of changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles, whenever the Compensation Committee determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent unintended dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Incentive Plan. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no termination, amendment, suspension, or modification of the Incentive Plan or an award agreement shall adversely affect in any material way any award previously granted under the Incentive Plan, without the written consent of the Participant holding such award. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Consequences 
 
 We have been advised by counsel regarding the federal income tax consequences of the Incentive Plan. No income is recognized by a Participant at the time an option or SAR is granted. If the option is an ISO, no income will be recognized upon the Participant s exercise of the option (except that the alternative minimum tax may apply). Income is recognized by a Participant when they dispose of shares acquired under an ISO. The exercise of a nonqualified stock option or SAR generally is a taxable event that requires the Participant to recognize, as ordinary income, the difference between the shares fair market value and the option price. If a Participant disposes of shares acquired under an ISO before two years after the ISO was granted, or before one year after the ISO was exercised, this is a disqualifying disposition and any gain recognized by the Participant upon the disposition of such shares will be taxed as ordinary income to the extent such gain does not exceed the fair market value of such shares on the date the ISO was exercised over the option price. 
 
 Income is recognized on account of the award of restricted stock and performance shares when the shares first become transferable or are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture unless the Participant makes an election to recognize income on the grant date under Section 83(b) of the Code. At the applicable time, the Participant recognizes income equal to the fair market value of the common stock. 
 
 With respect to awards of performance units, restricted stock units, and cash-based awards, a Participant will recognize ordinary income equal to any cash that is paid and the fair market value of common stock that is received in settlement of an award. 
 
 Except in the case of a disqualifying distribution of shares acquired upon the exercise of an ISO, as described above, upon the sale or other disposition of shares acquired by a Participant under the Incentive Plan, the Participant will recognize short-term or long-term capital gain or loss, depending on whether such shares have been held for more than one year at such time. Such capital gain or loss will equal the difference between the amount realized on the sale of the shares and the Participant s tax basis in such shares (generally, the amount previously included in income by the Participant in connection with the grant or vesting of the shares or the exercise of the related option). 
 
 We generally will be entitled to claim a federal income tax deduction on account of the exercise of a nonqualified stock option or SAR or upon the taxability to the recipient of restricted stock and performance shares, the settlement 
 77 

of a performance unit or restricted stock unit, and the payment of a cash-based or other stock-based award (subject to tax limitations on our deductions in any year that certain remuneration paid to certain executives exceeds 1 million). The amount of the deduction is equal to the ordinary income recognized by the Participant. We will not be entitled to a federal income tax deduction on account of the grant or the exercise of an ISO unless the Participant has made a disqualifying disposition of the shares acquired on exercise of the ISO, in which case we will be entitled to a deduction at the same time and in the same amount as the Participant s recognition of ordinary income. Except in the case of a disqualifying disposition of shares acquired on exercise of an ISO, a Participant s sale or other disposition of shares acquired under the Incentive Plan should have no tax consequences for us. 
 
 The Director Plan 
 
 The following is a summary of the material features of the Director Plan, qualified in its entirety by reference to the Director Plan. 
 
 Awards and Deferrals 
 
 The Director Plan permits (1) the grant of shares of common stock to each of our non-employee directors and (2) if and when authorized by the Board, the deferral by the directors of some or all of their directors cash retainer fee and stock compensation. The Director Plan will have a term of ten years from the date on which it is approved by stockholders. 
 
 Administration 
 
 Our Chief Financial Officer Director Plan Administrator will administer the Director Plan. The Director Plan Administrator will interpret all provisions of the Director Plan, establish administrative regulations to further the purposes of the Director Plan and take any other action necessary for the proper operation of the Director Plan. All decisions and acts of the Director Plan Administrator shall be final and binding upon all participants in the Director Plan. 
 
 Eligibility 
 
 Each of our non-employee director is eligible to be a participant in the Director Plan (a Director until they no longer serve as a non-employee director. The Board currently includes six (6) non-employee directors. 
 
 Share Authorization 
 
 The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Director Plan is 1,833,333 shares. The aggregate fair market value (determined as of the grant date) of shares that may be issued as stock compensation to a Director in any year shall not exceed 750,000, provided, however, that with respect to new directors joining the Board, the maximum amount shall be 1,000,000 for the first year, or portion thereof, of service. 
 
 In connection with the occurrence of any corporate event or transaction (including, but not limited to, a change in our shares or our capitalization) such as a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, separation, partial or complete liquidation, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split up, spin-off, or other distribution of our stock or property, combination of shares, exchange of shares, dividend in kind, or other like change in capital structure, number of outstanding shares or distribution (other than normal cash dividends) to our stockholders, or any similar corporate event or transaction, the Director Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the Directors rights under the Director Plan, shall substitute or adjust, as applicable, the number and kind of shares that may be issued under the Director Plan, the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding grants, the annual grant limits, and other value determinations applicable to outstanding grants. The Director Plan Administrator may also make appropriate adjustments in the terms of any grants under the 
 78 

Director Plan to reflect or relate to such changes or distributions and to modify any other terms of outstanding grants. 
 
 Grant of Shares 
 
 As of the first day of each compensation year (as defined in the Director Plan), we will, unless a different formula is selected in accordance with the last sentence of this paragraph, grant each Director a number of shares of our common stock for such year determined by (i) dividing the amount of each Director s cash retainer for the compensation year by the fair market value of the shares on the first day of the compensation year, and (ii) rounding such number of shares up to the nearest whole share. We may revise the foregoing formula for any year without stockholder approval, subject to the Plan s overall share limits. First Amendment to the Director Plan, adopted as of April 4, 2023 and effective as of November 10, 2022, adjusted the definition of the compensation year and changed the annual amount of shares of common stock to be awarded to the number of shares having a fair market value as of the date of grant of 160,000, rounded up to the nearest whole share. 
 
 Vesting of Shares 
 
 Shares granted under the Director Plan will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date unless otherwise determined by the Director Plan Administrator. Unvested shares will be forfeited when a Director s service as a director terminates, except that (i) a Director s unvested shares shall become fully vested upon the Director s death or disability and (ii) a Director who elects not to stand for reelection as a Director for the following compensation year shall vest in a pro-rata portion of their outstanding grants at the annual meeting at which their service as a Director terminates. 
 
 Deferral Elections 
 
 While the deferral provision is not initially effective, at any point after the Director Plan is approved, the Board may determine that non-employee directors may defer all or part of their cash compensation (in 10 increments) into a deferred cash account, and they may defer all or part of their stock compensation (in 10 increments) into a deferred stock account. Prior to the Board s taking action to permit deferrals under the Director Plan, no cash or stock deferrals shall be permitted. Deferred cash and stock accounts, once permitted and created, would be unfunded and maintained for record keeping purposes only, and directors wishing to defer amounts under the 2021 Directors Plan would be required to make their deferral elections by December 31st (or such earlier date as the Director Plan Administrator may designate) of the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which such compensation is earned or granted or, if later, within 30 days after first becoming eligible to make deferrals under the Director Plan. 
 
 Distributions of Deferrals 
 
 Distributions of deferrals under the Director Plan, once permitted, would generally be paid in a lump sum unless the Director specifies installment payments over a period up to 10 years. Deferred cash account amounts would be paid in cash, and deferred stock would be paid in whole shares of common stock. Unless otherwise elected by the Director, distributions would begin on February 15th of the year following the year in which the Director ceases to be a non-employee director. A Director could also elect to have their distributions commence on (a) the February 15th of the year following the later of the year in which they cease to be a non-employee director and the year in which they attain a specified age, or (b) the February 15th of the year following the year in which they attain a specified age, without regard to whether they are still a non- employee director. 
 Cash deferral accounts would be credited with earnings and losses on such basis as determined by the Board or its designee, and stock deferral accounts would be credited with additional shares equal to the value of any dividends paid during the deferral period on deferred stock. Under limited hardship circumstances, Directors could withdraw some or all of the amounts of deferred cash and stock in their deferral accounts. 
 
 Change in Control 
 
 79 

Unless otherwise determined by the Director Plan Administrator in connection with a grant, a Change in Control shall have the following effects on outstanding awards. 
 
 a. On a Change in Control in which a Director receives a replacement award with a value and terms that are at least as favorable as the Director s outstanding awards (a Replacement Award ), the Director s outstanding awards shall remain outstanding subject to the terms of the Replacement Award. 
 b. On a Change in Control in which our shares cease to be publicly traded, the Director s outstanding awards shall become immediately vested unless the Director receives Replacement Awards. 
 c. On a Change in Control in which our shares continue to be publicly traded, a Director s outstanding awards shall remain outstanding and be treated as Replacement Awards. 
 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Director Plan Administrator may determine that any or all outstanding awards granted under the Director Plan will be canceled and terminated upon a Change in Control, and that in connection with such cancellation and termination, the Director shall receive for each share of common stock subject to such award a cash payment (or the delivery of shares of stock, other securities or a combination of cash, stock and securities equivalent to such cash payment) equal to the consideration received by our stockholders for a share of common stock in such Change in Control. 
 
 Amendment and Termination 
 
 The Director Plan Administrator may, at any time, alter, amend, modify, suspend, or terminate the Director Plan in whole or in part; provided, however, that, without the prior approval of our stockholders, no such amendment shall increase the number of shares that may be granted to any Director, except as otherwise provided in the Director Plan, or increase the total number of shares that may be granted under the Director Plan. In addition, any amendment of the Director Plan must comply with the rules of the Trading Market, and no material amendment of the Director Plan shall be made without stockholder approval if stockholder approval is required by law, regulation, or stock exchange rule. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Consequences 
 
 With respect to shares granted under the Director Plan, unless deferred if and when the Board authorizes the deferral feature, the Director will be taxed on the fair market value of such shares at ordinary income rates at the time such shares vest or, if the Director made an election under Section 83(b), on the grant date. We will receive a corresponding deduction for the same amount at the same time. 
 
 With respect to cash or shares deferred under the Director Plan, Directors will be taxed on amounts distributed to them from their deferred cash and deferred stock accounts at ordinary income rates at the time of such distributions. We will receive a deduction for the same amounts at the same time. 
 Upon the sale or other disposition of shares acquired by a Director under the Director Plan, the Director will recognize short-term or long-term capital gain or loss, depending on whether such shares have been held for more than one year at such time. Such capital gain or loss will equal the difference between the amount realized on the sale of such shares and the Director s tax basis in such shares (generally, the amount previously included in income by the Director in connection with the grant or vesting of such shares). Such sale or other disposition by a Director should have no tax consequences for us. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 The number of shares to be issued in each year is not determinable, as it varies based on the amount of stock awards determined to be paid to Directors as part of their retainer fees. 
 
 Welfare and other benefits 
 
 80 

We provide health, dental, and vision insurance benefits to our Named Executive Officers, on the same terms and conditions as provided to all other eligible U.S. employees except for a recently hired employee in North Dakota for whom separate benefit arrangements are being put together due to North Dakota laws. 
 
 We maintain a broad-based 401(k) plan including our Named Executive Officers. Our Named Executive Officers did not participate in, or otherwise receive any benefits under, any pension or retirement plan sponsored by the Company during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. Our Named Executive Officers did not participate in, or earn any benefits under, a non-qualified deferred compensation plan sponsored by the Company during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 The following table presents the compensation for each person who served as a director on our Board during fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 
 
 Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) (1) 
 Total 
 ) 
 Chuck Hastings 
 33,000 210,503 243,503 Kelli McDonald 
 38,000 210,503 248,503 Douglas Miller 
 45,000 210,503 255,503 Virginia Moore 
 35,000 210,503 245,503 Richard Nottenburg 
 36,000 210,503 246,503 
 
 (1) Amounts shown represent the aggregate grant date fair value, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, of awards of restricted stock granted during fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. Each director held 76,191 unvested shares of restricted stock as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table shows the annual cash retainer fees for non-employee directors. 

Base retainer 
 
 40,000 
 Audit Committee Chair 
 
 20,000 
 Audit Committee Member 
 
 10,000 
 Compensation Committee Chair 
 
 15,000 
 Compensation Committee Member 
 
 7,500 
 Nominating and Governance Committee Chair 
 
 12,000 
 Nominating and Governance Committee Member 
 
 6,000 
 Lead Independent Director 
 
 25,000 

Directors serving in multiple leadership roles receive incremental compensation for each role. Directors are not expected to receive additional compensation for attending regularly scheduled Board or committee meetings. For less than full years of service, the compensation paid to the non-employee directors will be prorated based on the number of days of service. Directors also receive customary reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related to Board service. 
 
 In addition to the annual cash retainer fees, directors also receive an annual grant of restricted stock valued at 
 160,000, calculated using the closing price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date 
 of grant, which is the date of each annual meeting of stockholders, and vesting on the first anniversary of the date of 
 grant. 
 
 81 

On April 21, 2023, directors received (i) a grant of 76,191 shares of restricted stock that will vest on November 10, 
 2023 in order to compensate directors who were elected on November 10, 2022 for the subsequent 12 months, and 
 (ii) a grant of 18,630 vested shares in light of the fact that the non-employee directors did not receive a grant of 
 equity on April 21, 2022 as originally contemplated under the Director Plan. 
 
 Directors who are employees of the Company do not receive any additional compensation for Board service. 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 None of the members of our Compensation Committee is, or has been, our officer or employee. None of our executive officers currently serves, or during the year ended May 31, 2021 served, as a member of the Board, or as a member of the compensation or similar committee, of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock, as of July 25, 2023, by: 
 
 (a) each of our Named Executive Officers 
 (b) each of our Directors 
 (c) all of our directors and officers as a group 
 (d) each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock. 
 
 We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, based on information furnished to us, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. Any securities that are exercisable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock within 60 days of July 25, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding the securities for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 
 We have based our calculation of the percentage ownership of our common stock on 103,950,005 shares of our common stock. 
 Shares Beneficially Owned (b) Name and Address(a) Number Percentage Directors and Officers: Wes Cummins 23,394,201 (b) 22.5 David Rench 207,664 (c) Chuck Hastings 559,321 (d) Kelli McDonald 194,821 (e) Douglas Miller 194,821 (f) Virginia Moore 462,438 (g) 
 Richard Nottenburg 194,821 (h) Michael Maniscalco 47,222(i) Officers and Directors as a group (8 people) 25,255,309 (b)-(i) 
 24.3 
 82 

5 Holders: Guo Chen 
 Bo Dong 
 c/o GMR Limited Trinity Chamber PO BOX 4301 Tortola, British Virgin Islands 
 7,440,148 (j) 
 7.16 
 ______________________________ 
 Less than 1 . 
 (a) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each person or entity named in the table is c/o Applied Blockchain, Inc., 3811 Turtle Creek Blvd., Suite 2100, Dallas, TX 75219. 
 (b) Includes (i) 17,590,238 shares of common stock held by Cummins Family Ltd, of which Mr. Cummins is the CEO, (ii) 742,166 shares of common stock held by Wesley Cummins IRA Account, (iii) 2,030,686 shares of Common Stock held by B. Riley Asset Management, LLC, of which Mr. Cummins is the President and (iv) 83,333 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of RSUs held by Mr. Cummins within 60 days of July 25, 2023. 
 (c) Includes 41,667 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of RSUs held by Mr. Rench within 60 days of July 25, 2023. 
 (d) Includes 76,191 shares of restricted Common Stock held directly by Mr. Hastings which will vest on November 11, 2023. 
 (e) Includes 76,191 shares of restricted Common Stock held directly by Ms. McDonald which will vest on November 11, 2023. 
 (f) Includes 76,191 shares of restricted Common Stock held directly by Mr. Miller which will vest on November 11, 2023. 
 (g) Includes (i) 267,617 shares of common stock, held directly by Mr. Moore and (ii) 76,191 shares of restricted Common Stock held directly by Ms. Moore which will vest on November 11, 2023. 
 (h) Includes 76,191 shares of restricted Common Stock held directly by Dr. Nottenburg which will vest on November 11, 2023. 
 (i) Includes 30,556 shares of Common Stock issuable upon vesting of RSUs held by Mr. Maniscalco within 60 days of July 25, 2023. 
 (j) Guo Chen, as 50 owner and sole director of GMR Limited, and Bo Dong, as 50 owner of GMR, each have voting and dispositive power over the 7,440,148 shares of our common stock held by GMR Limited. Mr. Chen and Mr. Dong disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Related Transactions 
 
 In addition to the compensation arrangements discussed in the sections titled Management and Executive Officer and Director Compensation, the following is a description of each transaction since June 1, 2022 and each currently proposed transaction in which: 
 
 a. we have been or are to be a participant; 
 b. the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and 
 c. any of our directors, executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 
 
 GMR Limited GMR holds more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock. Guo Chen, a 50 owner and sole director of GMR, is also deemed to beneficially own shares of our Common Stock held by GMR. GMR and subsidiaries made payments to the Company of approximately 9.2 million during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 
 
 Mr. Chen owns 60 of Alternity Fund Ltd., which owns 100 of GOI. On December 8th, 2021, we entered into a Service Order with GOI pursuant to which we provide energized space for mining activities of GOI. During fiscal 
 83 

year 2023, Global Operating Infrastructure LLC paid approximately 6.4 million to Company pursuant to the Service Order. 
 
 Bryant Riley, chairman of the board and co-chief executive officer, of B. Riley Financial, Inc. (Nasdaq: RILY), directly or indirectly through subsidiaries of RILY, held in excess of 5 of our then outstanding Common Stock beginning in April 2023. Such shares no longer represent more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock. On May 23, 2023, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC and B. Riley Securities, Inc., each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of RILY, with a total possible principal amount up to 50 million. As of May 31, 2023 the total loan balance was 36.5 million, all of which has been subsequently repaid as of July 17, 2023. 
 
 Review, Approval, or Ratification of Transactions with Related Parties 
 
 In July 2021, we adopted a charter of the Audit Committee, pursuant to which all related party transactions including those between us, our directors, executive officers, majority stockholders and each of our respective affiliates or family members will be reviewed and approved by our Audit Committee, or if no Audit Committee exists, by a majority of the independent members of our Board. Our existing policies are designed to comply with applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 Please see the discussion of director independence under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance starting on page 60 above. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 The Audit Committee oversees the Company s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with management the audited financial statements in the Company s Form 10-K, including a discussion of the acceptability of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements. 
 
 The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm, which is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the matters required to be discussed by Statements on Auditing Standards (SAS 61), as may be modified or supplemented, and their judgments as to the acceptability of the Company s accounting principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed with the Audit Committee under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
 
 In addition, the Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm their independence from management and the Company, including receiving the written disclosures and letter from the independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1, as may be modified, or supplemented, and has considered the compatibility of any non-audit services with the auditors independence. 
 
 The Audit Committee discussed with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for their audit. The Audit Committee met with the independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations and the overall quality of the Company s financial reporting. 
 
 In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board approved, that the audited financial statements be included in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 for filing with the SEC. 
 84 

Respectfully submitted, 
 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
 Douglas Miller, Chair 
 Chuck Hastings 
 Richard Nottenburg 
 
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 The following table presents fees billed to the Company for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm, Marcum LLP, for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 (in thousands) Fiscal Years Ended May 31, 2023 2022 Type of Fees: Audit fees 556 423 Total fees 556 423 
 
 For the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Audit Committee approved all of the services provided by, and fees paid to, Marcum LLP. 
 
 The Audit Committee has established a policy requiring approval by it of all fees for audit and non-audit services to be provided by the Company s independent registered public accountants, prior to commencement of such services. Consideration and approval of fees generally occurs at the Committee s regularly scheduled meetings or, to the extent that such fees may relate to other matters to be considered at special meetings, at those special meetings. 
 
 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 Documents filed as part of this report 
 All financial statements: 
 Index to consolidated financial statements Page Report of Registered Independent Public Accounting Firm 
 36 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2022 and 202 2 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Annual Period Ended May 31, 202 3 , and 202 2 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Annual Period ended May 31, 202 3 and 202 2 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Annual Period ended May 31, 202 3 and 202 2 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 

Financial statement schedules: 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended from time to time. 
 
 85 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended from time to time (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021) 
 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 15, 2021, by and between the Company and B. Securities, Inc., for the benefit of B. Riley Securities, Inc. and the Investors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 4.1.1 Amendment, dated December 13, 2021, to Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 15, 2021, by and between the Company and B. Riley Securities, Inc., for the benefit of B. Riley Securities, Inc. and the Investors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 6 the Company's form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 
 4.1.2 Amendment No. 2, dated February 22, 2022, to Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 15, 2021, by and between the Company and B. Riley Securities, Inc., for the benefit of B. Riley Securities, Inc. and the Investors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022). 
 4.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 30, 2021, by and between the Company and B. Securities, Inc., for the benefit of B. Riley Securities, Inc. and the Investors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 4.2.1 Amendment, dated December 13, 2021, to Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 30, 2021, by and between the Company and B. Riley Securities, Inc., for the benefit of B. Riley Securities, Inc. and the Investors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 
 4.2.2 Amendment No. 2, dated February 22, 2022, to Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 30, 2021, by and between the Company and B. Riley Securities, Inc., for the benefit of B. Riley Securities, Inc. and the Investors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022). 
 4.3 Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and between the Company, the Key Holders and Investors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 4.4 Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and between the Company, the Key Holders and Investors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 4.5 Description of Securities. 
 10.1 Services Agreement, dated March 19, 2021, by and among the Company, GMR Limited, Xsquared Holding Limited, and Valuefinder (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 10.2 Master Professional Services Agreement between Ulteig Engineers, Inc. and APLD Hosting, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 10.3 Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreement, dated April 13, 2021, between Bitmain Technologies Limited and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the company's Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-2588818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 10.4 Coinmint Colocation Mining Services Agreement dated as of June 15, 2021 by and between Coinmint, LLC and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 
 86 

10.5# 
 Service Framework Agreement, dated July 5, 2021, by and between APLD Hosting, LLC and JointHash Holding Limited (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021). 
 10.6# 
 Amended and Restated Electric Services Agreement, dated September 13, 2021, by and between APLD Hosting, LLC and [Redacted] (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021). 
 10.7 Sublease Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Encap Investments L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 10.8# 
 Service Framework Agreement, dated July 5, 2021, by and between APLD Hosting, LLC and Bitmain Technologies Limited I ncoporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Annual R ep ort on Form 10-K, fi led with the SEC on August 29, 2022. 
 10.9# 
 Master Hosting Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2021, by and between APLD Hosting, LLC and F2Pool Mining, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021). 
 10.10# 
 Master Hosting Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2021, by and between APLD Hosting, LLC and Hashing LLC. ((Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021). 
 10.11 Services Agreement, effective as of October 12, 2021, by and among Applied Blockchain, LTD and Xsquared Holding Limited. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021). 
 10.12 
 2022 Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's registration statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-265698), filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 
 10.12.1 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's registration statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-265698), filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 
 10.12.2 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Employees) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's registration statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-265698), filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 
 10.12.3 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Consultants) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's registration statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-265698), filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 
 10.13 
 2022 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's registration statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-265698), filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 
 10.13.1 
 First Amendment to the 2022 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, dated April 4, 2023. 
 10.13.2 Form of Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's registration statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-265698), filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 
 10.14# 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2022, by and between the Company and Antpool Capital Asset Investment L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 5 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on January 24, 2022). 
 10.15 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Wes Cummins (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 5 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on January 24, 2022). 
 10.16 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2021, by and between the Company and David Rench (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 5 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on January 24, 2022). 
 
 87 

10.17 Ground Lease, effective as of April 13, 2022, by and between EDB, Ltd and APLD - Rattlesnake Den I LLC 
 10.18 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Regina Ingel (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Amendment No. 5 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on January 24, 2022). 
 10.18.1 Amendment dated August 1, 2022 to Employment Agreement between Applied Blockchain, Inc. and Regina Ingel (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 
 10.19 Loan Agreement dated as of March 11, 2022 by and between APLD Hosting, LLC, Vantage Bank Texas and Applied Blockchain, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 6 the Company's form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 
 10.20 Continuing Guaranty Agreement dated as of March 11, 2022 by Applied Blockchain, Inc. for the benefit of Vantage Bank Texas. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Amendment No. 6 the Company's form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258818), filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 
 10.21 Letter between Applied Blockchain, Inc. and Xsquared Holding Limited dated June 6, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on June 8, 2022). 
 10.22 Hosting Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2022, by and between Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. and Applied Blockchain, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on October 12, 2022). 
 10.23 Loan Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2022, by and among APLD Hosting, LLC, Starion Bank, and Applied Blockchain, Inc. as Guarantor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 
 10.24 Security Agreement, dated of July 25, 2022, by and between APLD Hosting, LLC and Starion Bank (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 
 10.25 Security Agreement, dated of July 25, 2022, by and among APLD Hosting, LLC, Applied Blockchain, Inc., as Grantor, and Starion Bank(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 
 10.26 Unlimited Commercial Corporate Guaranty of Applied Blockchain, Inc. dated as of July 25, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 
 10.27 Loan Agreement by and among APLD Rattlesnake Den I, LLC, as borrower, Vantage Bank Texas, as lender, and the Company, as guarantor, entered into as of November 7, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 
 10.28# Loan Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2023 by and among APLD ELN-01 LLC, Starion Bank, and Applied Digital Corporation as Guarantor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023). 
 10.29# Security Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2023 by and between APLD ELN-01 LLC and Starion Bank (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023). 
 10.30 Security Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2023 by and among APLD ELN-01 LLC, Applied Digital Corporation and Starion Bank (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023). 
 
 88 

10.31 Unlimited Commercial Corporate Guaranty of Applied Digital Corporation dated as of February 16, 2023 (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023). 
 10.32# Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2023, by and among SAI Computing, LLC as Borrower, B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC and B. Riley Securities, Inc., as Lenders, B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC as Collateral Agent, and Applied Digital Corporation as Guarantor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-31968), filed with the SEC on May 24, 2023). 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Marcum, LLP. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (contained on signature page). 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 Management compensatory agreement. 
 # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Rule 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The omitted information is not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 89 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Dallas, Texas on August 2, 2023. 
 APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION 
 By: 
 /s/ Wes Cummins 
 
 Name: Wes Cummins 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 By: 
 /s/ David Rench 
 
 Name: David Rench Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Wes Cummins and David Rench, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (i) act on, sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments to this Report together with all schedules and exhibits thereto, (ii) act on, sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all exhibits to this Report and any and all exhibits and schedules thereto, (iii) act on, sign and file any and all such certificates, notices, communications, reports, instruments, agreements and other documents as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith and (iv) take any and all such actions which may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith, granting unto such agents, proxies and attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or appropriate to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby approving, ratifying and confirming all that such agents, proxies and attorneys-in-fact, any of them or any of his, her or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Person Capacity Date /s/ Wes Cummins Chairperson of the Board and Director (Principal Executive Officer) August 2, 2023 Wes Cummins 
 90 

/s/ David Rench Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) August 2, 2023 David Rench /s/ Chuck Hastings Director August 2, 2023 Chuck Hastings /s/ Kelli McDonald Director August 2, 2023 Kelli McDonald /s/ Douglas Miller Director August 2, 2023 Douglas Miller /s/ Virginia Moore Director August 2, 2023 Virginia Moore /s/ Richard Nottenburg Director August 2, 2023 Richard Nottenburg 

91 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 apld-articlesofincorpora.htm
 EX-3.1

apld-articlesofincorpora 

FRANCISCO V. AGUILAR Secretary of State 202 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov TY 1. 3. sto De 5. cla sto 2. tim 6. Ce and De 7. 8. 4. am or A Th DocuSign Envelope ID: 0CC121EB-2068-498C-94A6-E60A2BF8912E Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation NRS 78.1955, 78.1955(6) Certificate of Designation Certificate of Amendment to Designation - Before Issuance of Class or Series Certificate of Amendment to Designation - After Issuance of Class or Series Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation PE Ent Clas ck: sign Am ss ck: Effe e: Res rtific Am sign With Sign Info end ser ttac is fo OR PRINT - USE DARK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT ity information: Name of entity: Certificate of Amendment to Designation- Before Issuance of Class or Series Certificate of Amendment to Designation- After Issuance of Class or Series By resolution of the board of directors pursuant to a provision in the articles of incorporation this certificate establishes OR amends the following regarding the voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of the following class or series of stock. s or series of (Certificate of ation only) The class or series of stock being designated within this filing: Entity or Nevada Business Identification Number (NVID): The original class or series of stock being amended within this filing: endment of or series of Time: (must not be later than 90 days after the certificate is filed) ctive date and Date: olution: ate of Designation endment to ation only) As of the date of this certificate no shares of the class or series of stock have been issued. The amendment has been approved by the vote of stockholders holding shares in the corporation entitling them to exercise a majority of the voting power, or such greater proportion of the voting power as may be required by the articles of incorporation or the certificate of designation. The resolution of the board of directors authorizing the withdrawal of the certificate of designation establishing the class or series of stock: No shares of the class or series of stock being withdrawn are outstanding. drawal: ature: (Required) Date of Designation: Designation being Withdrawn: X ______________________________ Date: rmation for ment of class ies of stock: Signature of Officer For Certificate of Designation or Amendment to Designation Only (Optional): h additional page(s) if necessary Page 1 of 1 Revised: 12/15/2022rm must be accompanied by appropriate fees. Applied Digital Corporation C13283-2001 Series E Preferred Stock See Exhibit A attached hereto for Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designations for Series E Preferred Stock 6/7/2023 

EXHIBIT A TO CERTIFICATE, AMENDMENT OR WITHDRAWAL OF DESIGNATION OF SERIES E REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK OF APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED THAT: 1. The Certificate of Designations of Series E Redeemable Preferred Stock of Applied Digital Corporation (the Corporation is hereby amended by striking out Section 1.1(d)(i)(A) thereof and by substituting in its place the following new Section: (A) The holders of shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, out of legally available funds, dividends on each share of Series E Preferred Stock at an annual rate of 8.0 of the Stated Value. Dividends will be declared and accrued monthly. Such dividends shall be payable upon Board approval, which may not be monthly, out of legally available funds in cash. Dividends payable on the Series E Preferred Stock for any Dividend Period (as defined below) (including any Dividend Period during which any shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall be redeemed) shall be computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months and a 360- day year. The holders of shares of Series E Preferred Stock are not entitled to any dividend in excess of full cumulative dividends on shares of Series E Preferred Stock. Such dividends shall be payable upon Board approval, which may not be monthly, out of legally available funds in cash. 2. That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 78.380 of the Nevada Revised Statutes by the unanimous consent of the members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be signed and attested to this 7th day of June, 2023. ____________________________ David Rench Chief Financial Officer DocuSign Envelope ID: 0CC121EB-2068-498C-94A6-E60A2BF8912E 

Business Entity - Filing Acknowledgement 02/14/2023 Work Order Item Number: W2023021401529-2703770 Filing Number: 20232955038 Filing Type: Certificate of Designation Filing Date/Time: 2/14/2023 12:12:00 PM Filing Page(s): 9 Indexed Entity Information: Entity ID: C13283-2001 Entity Name: Applied Digital Corporation Entity Status: Active Expiration Date: None Commercial Registered Agent CAPITOL CORPORATE SERVICES, INC. 202 SOUTH MINNESOTA STREET, Carson City, NV 89703, USA FRANCISCO V. AGUILAR Secretary of State GABRIEL DI CHIARA Chief Deputy STATE OF NEVADA OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE Commercial Recordings Division 202 N. Carson Street Carson City, NV 89701 Telephone (775) 684-5708 Fax (775) 684-7138 North Las Vegas City Hall 2250 Las Vegas Blvd North, Suite 400 North Las Vegas, NV 89030 Telephone (702) 486-2880 Fax (702) 486-2888 The attached document(s) were filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, Commercial Recording Division. The filing date and time have been affixed to each document, indicating the date and time of filing. A filing number is also affixed and can be used to reference this document in the future. Respectfully, FRANCISCO V. AGUILAR Secretary of State Page 1 of 1 Commercial Recording Division 202 N. Carson Street 

Filed in the Office of Secretary of State State Of Nevada Business Number C13283-2001 Filing Number 20232955038 Filed On 2/14/2023 12:12:00 PM Number of Pages 9 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm EX-3.1 2 a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm EX-3.1 Business Entity - Filing Acknowledgement 04/12/2022 Work Order Item Number: W2022041200473-2050767 Filing Number: 20222245441 Filing Type: Certificate Pursuant to NRS 78.209 Filing Date/Time: 4/12/2022 9:06:00 AM Filing Page(s): 1 Indexed Entity Information: Entity ID: C13283-2001 Entity Name: Applied Blockchain, Inc. Entity Status: Active Expiration Date: None Commercial Registered Agent CAPITOL CORPORATE SERVICES, INC. 202 SOUTH MINNESOTA STREET, Carson City, NV 89703, USA BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State KIMBERLEY PERONDI Deputy Secretary for Commercial Recordings STATE OF NEVADA OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE Commercial Recordings Division 202 N. Carson Street Carson City, NV 89701 Telephone (775) 684-5708 Fax (775) 684-7138 North Las Vegas City Hall 2250 Las Vegas Blvd North, Suite 400 North Las Vegas, NV 89030 Telephone (702) 486-2880 Fax (702) 486-2888 The attached document(s) were filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, Commercial Recording Division. The filing date and time have been affixed to each document, indicating the date and time of filing. A filing number is also affixed and can be used to reference this document in the future. Respectfully, BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State Page 1 of 1 Commercial Recording Division 202 N. Carson Street 1 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm Filed in the Office of Secretary of State State Of Nevada Business Number C13283-2001 Filing Number 20222245441 Filed On 4/12/2022 9:06:00 AM Number of Pages 1 2 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm Certified Copy 01/05/2022 12:23:57 PM Work Order Number: W2022010501262 - 1823582 Reference Number: 20222004999 Through Date: 01/05/2022 12:23:57 PM Corporate Name: Applied Blockchain, Inc. The undersigned filing officer hereby certifies that the attached copies are true and exact copies of all requested statements and related subsequent documentation filed with the Secretary of State s Office, Commercial Recordings Division listed on the attached report. Document Number Description Number of Pages 20211673333 Certificate of Correction - 07/28/2021 2 20211638120 Amendment After Issuance of Stock - 07/28/2021 1 20211638141 Certificate of Designation - 07/28/2021 19 20211631740 Certificate of Correction - 07/23/2021 1 20211631749 Amendment After Issuance of Stock - 07/23/2021 1 20211631763 Certificate of Designation - 07/23/2021 19 20211566343 Certificate of Acceptance by Registered Agent - 06/29/2021 1 20211502899 Annual List - 06/02/2021 2 20211456018 Certificate of Correction - 05/13/2021 2 20211387751 Amended and Restated Articles - 04/15/2021 71 20211386244 Certificate of Correction - 04/15/2021 2 BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State KIMBERLEY PERONDI Deputy Secretary for Commercial Recordings STATE OF NEVADA OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE Commercial Recordings Division 202 N. Carson Street Carson City, NV 89701 Telephone (775) 684-5708 Fax (775) 684-7138 North Las Vegas City Hall 2250 Las Vegas Blvd North, Suite 400 North Las Vegas, NV 89030 Telephone (702) 486-2880 Fax (702) 486-2888 3 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm Certified By: Electronically Certified Certificate Number: B202201052285184 You may verify this certificate online at http://www.nvsos.gov Respectfully, BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Nevada Secretary of State BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State KIMBERLEY PERONDI Deputy Secretary for Commercial Recordings STATE OF NEVADA OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE Commercial Recordings Division 202 N. Carson Street Carson City, NV 89701 Telephone (775) 684-5708 Fax (775) 684-7138 North Las Vegas City Hall 2250 Las Vegas Blvd North, Suite 400 North Las Vegas, NV 89030 Telephone (702) 486-2880 Fax (702) 486-2888 4 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm Filed in the Office of Secretary of State State Of Nevada Business Number C13283-2001 Filing Number 20211673333 Filed On 7/28/2021 10:57:00 AM Number of Pages 2 5 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 6 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 7 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 8 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 9 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 10 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 11 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 12 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 13 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 14 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 15 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 16 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 17 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 18 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 19 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 20 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 21 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 22 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 23 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 24 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 25 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm TYPE OR PRINT - USE DARK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT 1. Entity information: Name of represented entity: Applied Blockchain, Inc. Entity or Nevada Business Identification Number (NVID): (for entities currently on file) NV20011309405 2. Registered Agent Acceptance: Registered Agent Acceptance 3. Information Being Changed: Statement of Change takes the following effect: (select only one) Appoints New Agent (complete section 4) Update Represented Entity Acting as Registered Agent (complete sections 5) Update Registered Agent Name (complete sections 4 5) Update Registered Agent Address (complete sections 4 5) 4. Registered Agent Information Before the Change: (Non- commercial registered agents ONLY) Name Telephone Nevada 0 Street Address City Zip Code Nevada Mailing Address (only if different from above) City Zip Code 5. Newly Appointed Registered Agent or Registered Agent Information After the Change: Commercial Registered Agent (name only below) Noncommercial Registered Agent (name and address below) Office or position with Entity (title and address below) CAPITOL CORPORATE SERVICES, INC. Name of Registered Agent OR Title of Office or Position with Entity 202 SOUTH MINNESOTA STREET Carson City Nevada 89703 Street Address City Zip Code Nevada Mailing Address (only if different from above) City Zip Code 6. Electronic Notification: (Optional) Email address for electronic notifications for Non-Commercial or Office or Positions with Entity registered agents only: 7. Certificate of Acceptance of Appointment of Registered Agent: (Required) I hereby accept appointment as Registered Agent for the above named Entity. X DELANIE CASE Authorized Signature of Registered Agent or On Behalf of Registered Agent Entity Date 06/29/2021 8. Signature of Represented Entity: (Required) X DAVID RENCH Authorized Signature On Behalf of the Entity Date 06/29/2021 BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 202 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 (775) 684-5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov www.nvsilverflume.gov Registered Agent Acceptance/Statement of Change This form must be accompanied by appropriate fees. page1 of 1 Filed in the Office of Secretary of State State Of Nevada Business Number C13283-2001 Filing Number 20211566343 Filed On 06/29/2021 07:54:31 AM Number of Pages 1 26 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 27 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 28 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm Filed in the Office of Secretary of State State Of Nevada Business Number C13283-2001 Filing Number 20211456018 Filed On 5/13/2021 3:41:00 PM Number of Pages 2 29 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 30 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 31 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 32 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm Filed in the Office of Secretary of State State Of Nevada Business Number C13283-2001 Filing Number 20211387751 Filed On 4/15/2021 2:18:00 PM Number of Pages 71 33 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 34 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 35 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 36 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 37 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 38 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 39 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 40 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 41 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 42 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 43 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 44 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 45 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 46 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 47 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 48 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 49 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 50 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 51 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 52 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 53 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 54 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 55 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 56 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 57 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 58 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 59 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 60 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 61 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 62 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 63 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 64 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 65 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 66 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 67 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 68 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 69 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 70 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 71 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 72 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 73 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 74 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 75 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 76 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 77 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 78 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 79 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 80 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 81 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 82 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 83 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 84 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 85 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 86 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 87 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 88 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 89 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 90 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 91 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 92 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 93 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 94 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 95 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 96 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 97 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 98 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 99 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 100 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 101 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 102 

12/27/22, 11:40 AM a04-12x2022appliedamende https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000162828022023816/a04-12x2022appliedamende.htm 103 

12/27/22, 11:43 AM applieddigitalcorporatio https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000114487922000081/applieddigitalcorporatio.htm 

12/27/22, 11:43 AM applieddigitalcorporatio https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000114487922000081/applieddigitalcorporatio.htm 

12/27/22, 11:43 AM applieddigitalcorporatio https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000114487922000081/applieddigitalcorporatio.htm 

12/27/22, 11:43 AM applieddigitalcorporatio https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000114487922000081/applieddigitalcorporatio.htm 

12/27/22, 11:43 AM applieddigitalcorporatio https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1144879/000114487922000081/applieddigitalcorporatio.htm 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 descriptionofcapitalstock-.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 
 Exhibit 4.5 

 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following descriptions are summaries of the material terms of our Second Amended Articles of Incorporation (the Articles and our amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ). 
 
 Reference is made to the more detailed provisions of, and the descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to, our Articles and Bylaws, forms of which are filed with the SEC as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and applicable law. 
 
 We effected a one-for-six reverse stock split in connection with our listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market pursuant to which holders of our issued and outstanding common stock immediately prior to listing our common stock on Nasdaq Global Select Market had every six shares of our common stock reclassified as one share of our common stock. No fractional shares were issued. We refer to this as the Reverse Stock Split . 
 
 General 
 
 We are authorized to issue 171,666,666 shares of capital stock, 0.001 par value per share, of which 166,666,666 are designated as common stock (the Common Stock and 5,000,000 are designated as preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 As of July 25, 2023, there were 103,950,005 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding and we had (i) 15,792,688 shares reserved for issuance under the 2022 Incentive Plan, (ii) 1,359,229 shares reserved for issuance under the 2022 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, (iii) 545,836 shares reserved for issuance under restricted stock unit awards to certain consultants and (iv) 4,965,432 shares in treasury. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding Preferred Stock, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our Board od Directors (the Board out of legally available funds. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Each holder of our Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share owned of record on all matters voted upon by stockholders, subject to any rights of our Preferred Stock, or series of our Preferred Stock, to vote together as a single class. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share equally and ratably in our assets, if any, remaining after the payment of all of our debts and liabilities and the liquidation preference of any outstanding Preferred Stock. 
 
 Other Rights 
 
 Our Common Stock has no preemptive rights, no cumulative voting rights and no redemption, sinking fund or conversion provisions. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 We are authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock at 0.001 par value per share. As of the date hereof, 2,120,578 shares of Preferred Stock have been issued and retired, 0 shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding and 2,879,422 shares of Preferred Stock remain available and authorized for issuance. 
 Each series of Preferred Stock to be issued, if any, will have such number of shares, designations, preferences, powers and qualifications and special or relative rights or privileges as will be determined by our Board, which may include, among others, dividend rights, voting rights, redemption and sinking fund provisions, liquidation preferences, conversion rights and preemptive rights. The rights of the holders of our Common Stock will be subject 
 
 4867-1627-9342v.2 

to the rights of holders of any Preferred Stock outstanding and issued in the future. The issuance of Preferred Stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with the possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 
 
 Terms 
 
 The specific terms of any Preferred Stock being offered will be described in the prospectus supplement relating to that Preferred Stock. The following summaries of the provisions of the Preferred Stock are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to, the certificate of designation relating to the particular class or series of Preferred Stock offered with that prospectus supplement for specific terms, including 
 
 the designation of the Preferred Stock 
 
 the number of shares of the Preferred Stock being offered, the liquidation preference per share and the offering price of the Preferred Stock 
 
 the dividend rate(s), period(s) and or payment date(s) or method(s) of calculating these items applicable to the Preferred Stock 
 
 the place or places where dividends will be paid, whether dividends will be cumulative or noncumulative, and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends on the Preferred Stock will accumulate, if applicable 
 
 the procedures for any action and remarketing of the Preferred Stock 
 
 the provision of a sinking fund, if any, for the Preferred Stock 
 
 the provision for redemption, if applicable, of the Preferred Stock 
 
 any listing of the Preferred Stock on any securities exchange 
 
 the terms and conditions, if applicable, upon which the Preferred Stock will be convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, and whether at our option or the option of the holder 
 
 whether the Preferred Stock will rank senior or junior to or on a parity with any other class or series of Preferred Stock 
 
 the voting rights, if any, of the Preferred Stock 
 
 any other specific terms, preferences, rights, limitations or restrictions of the Preferred Stock and 
 
 a discussion of the United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the Preferred Stock. 
 
 Series E Preferred Stock 
 
 Our Board has created out of the authorized and available shares of our Preferred Stock, a series of convertible redeemable preferred stock, designated as the Series E Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series E Preferred Stock ). The following is a brief description of the terms of the Series E Preferred Stock. The Board has authorized the sale of up to 2,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock. The Board may choose, in its sole discretion, to offer an additional 2,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock for sale. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 The holders of the Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, and we shall pay, out of legally available funds, dividends on each share of Series E Preferred Stock at an annual rate of 8.0 of the Stated Value (as defined below). Dividends will be declared and accrued monthly. Such dividends shall be payable upon Board approval, which may not be monthly, out of legally available funds in cash or our Common Stock. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 

Subject to the liquidation preference stated in the ranking section in the Certificate of Designations for the Series E Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the funds and assets available for distribution, an amount per share equal to the Stated Value, or 25.00, plus an amount per share that is issuable as the result of accrued or unpaid Dividends. After payment to the holders of our Series E Preferred Stock, the remaining funds and assets available for distribution to our stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each such holder. 
 
 Redemption Rights 
 Each holder of shares of Series E Preferred Stock is entitled to redeem any portion of the outstanding Series E Preferred Stock held by such holder at any time in cash or our Common Stock. Additionally, we may redeem a share of Series E Preferred Stock at our option at any time from time to time upon not less than 10 calendar days written notice to the holders prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price of 100 of the Stated Value of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be redeemed plus accrued but unpaid dividends. 
 
 Other Rights 
 Our Series E Preferred Stock has no preemptive rights, no voting rights and no sinking fund or conversion provisions. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification Matters 
 
 Our Bylaws contain provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by the Nevada Revised Statute, or NRS. 
 
 Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability 
 
 for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders 
 
 for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law 
 
 under the NRS for the unlawful payment of dividends or 
 
 for any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 
 
 Our Bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers to the maximum extent not prohibited by the NRS and allows us to indemnify other employees and agents as set forth in the NRS. Subject to certain limitations, our Bylaws also require us to advance expenses incurred by our directors and officers for the defense of any action for which indemnification is required or permitted. 
 
 We believe that provisions of our Bylaws are necessary to attract and retain qualified directors, officers, and key employees. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance. 
 
 The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers as required by these indemnification provisions. 
 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, executive officers, or persons controlling us, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock and our Series E Preferred Stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A.. The transfer agent s address and phone number is 150 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021, telephone number (781) 575-2000. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our common stock is presently quoted on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol APLD. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.13 1>
 4
 apld-firstamendmentto2022n.htm
 EX-10.13 1

Document 

Exhibit 10.13.1 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT 
 TO THE APPLIED BLOCKCHAIN, INC. 
 2022 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK PLAN 

In accordance with Section 12.1 of the Applied Blockchain, Inc. 2022 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, Effective January 20, 2022 (the Plan ), the Plan is hereby amended as follows 
 1. The Plan is amended to reflect the current name of the Company and is renamed the Applied Digital Corporation 2022 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan. 
 2. Section 2.13 of the Plan is amended in its entirety to read as follows 
 Compensation Year means the 12-month period commencing on the date of the Company s Annual Meeting each year, during which period Directors Cash Compensation is paid. 
 3. Section 6.1 of the Plan is amended in its entirety to read as follows 
 6.1 Annual Grants. As of the date of the Company s Annual Meeting each year after the November 10, 2022 Meeting, the Company shall make a Grant of Shares to each Director. The number of Shares granted to each Director each year (i) shall equal the number of Shares that, as of the Grant Date, has a Fair Market Value of 160,000, and (ii) such number of Shares to be rounded up to the nearest whole Share, provided, however , that the Corporation may revise the foregoing formula for any year without shareholder approval, subject to the Plan s overall Share limits. Except as provided herein, the Shares shall remain unvested and forfeitable. 
 4. The following new Section 6.1A shall be added to the Plan to read as follows 
 6.1A Special 2022 Grant. A special one-time Share Grant shall be made to Directors who were elected at the 2022 annual meeting of shareholders. The special Grant pursuant to this Section 6.1A shall be in the amount of 76,191 Shares per eligible Director. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Shares Granted pursuant to this Section 6.1A shall remain unvested and forfeitable, and shall be subject to the remaining provisions of this Plan including, but not limited to, the Vesting provisions of Section 6.4, and Forfeiture of Nonvested Shares provisions of Section 6.7. 

5. The provisions of this First Amendment to the Plan shall be effective as of November 10, 2022. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation by its duly authorized officer has caused these presents to be signed this 4 th day of April, 2023. 
 APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION 
 
 By s David Rench 
 Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation and Administrator of the Plan 
 2 

</EX-10.13 1>

<EX-10.17>
 5
 apld-rattlesnakedenillcg.htm
 EX-10.17

apld-rattlesnakedenillcg 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 apld-ex211to2023form10xk.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Percent Owned APLD Hosting, LLC Nevada 100 1.21 Gigawatts, LLC Delaware 80 APLD Rattlesnake Den I LLC Delaware 80 APLD Rattlesnake Den II LLC Delaware 80 APLD JTND Phase II, LLC Delaware 80 APLD ELN-01 LLC Nevada 100 Applied Talent Resources LLC Nevada 100 APLD GPU-01 LLC Delaware 100 APLD HPC-01 LLC Delaware 100 Sai Computing Holdings LLC Delaware 100 Sai Computing LLC Delaware 100 Sai - Foundry Computing LLC Delaware 98 Highland Digital Holdings LLC Delaware 50 

4863-4322-4879v.1 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 marcumconsentinwithout404.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Applied Digital Corporation on Form S-3 File No. 333-272023, 333-267478, 333-258818 and Form S-8 File No. 333-267811 of our report dated July 27, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Applied Digital Corporation as of August 2, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2023, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Applied Digital Corporation for the year ended May 31, 2023. 

s Marcum LLP 
 
 Marcum LLP 
 New York, NY 
 August 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex311apldfy23q410-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit No. 31.1 
 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Wesley Cummins, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 of Applied Digital Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date August 2, 2023 By s Wesley Cummins Wesley Cummins, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chairperson of the Board and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex312apldfy23q410-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit No. 31.2 
 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David Rench, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 of Applied Digital Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date August 2, 2023 By s David Rench David Rench, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex321apldfy23q410-k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit No. 32.1 
 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 of Applied Digital Corporation (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),Wesley Cummins, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date August 2, 2023 By s Wesley Cummins Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chairperson of the Board and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex322apldfy23q410-k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit No. 32.2 
 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 of Applied Digital Corporation (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), David Rench, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date August 2, 2023 By s David Rench Chief Financial Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 apld-20230531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 apld-20230531_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 apld-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 apld-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 apld-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

