<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230915_10-K_edgar_data_1653876_0001829126-23-006106.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1867109</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82285</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>618384</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>427633</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>275027</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>426326</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-006106.hdr.sgml : 20230915
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230915074401
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-006106
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230915
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230915

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOMENTOUS HOLDINGS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653876
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				320471741
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-207163
		FILM NUMBER:		231256698

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 CURZON STREET
		CITY:			LONDON, ENGLAND
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1J 7WS
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44-203-871-3051

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 CURZON STREET
		CITY:			LONDON, ENGLAND
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1J 7WS

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-006106.txt : 20230915

10-K
 1
 momentous_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NO. 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

6770 

 (Primary
Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address
and telephone number of Registrant s executive office) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the Registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of September 15, 2023 the Registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 
 
 Description of Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 3 

Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 10 

Item 2 
 
 Properties 
 
 11 

Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 11 

Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 11 

PART II 

Item 5 
 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 12 

Item 6 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 12 

Item 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 13 

Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 14 

Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 

Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 15 

Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 15 

Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 
 16 

PART III 

Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 17 

Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 19 

Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 20 

Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 20 

Item 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 20 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 21 

i 

PART
I 

ITEM 1.
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

As
used in this annual Report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , mean Momentous
Holdings Corp., unless otherwise indicated. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements
regarding our ability to locate and acquire an operating business and the resources and efforts we intend to dedicate to such an endeavor,
our development of a viable business plan and commencement of operations, and our ability to locate sources of capital necessary to commence
operations or otherwise meet our business needs and objectives. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in
this Report, including statements regarding our future financial position, liquidity, business strategy, and plans and objectives of
management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, estimate, 
 continue, anticipate, intend, should, plan, could, 
 target, potential, is likely, will, expect and similar expressions,
as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on
our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. 

The
results anticipated by any or all of these forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors, uncertainties, and risks that
may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include those described in Item 1A. 
Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. 

Description
of Business 

Momentous Holdings Corp. we , us ,
 Momentous , the Company was a modern craft beverage company, founded in 2015, that is based in London, United
Kingdom. We designed, produced, marketed and sold handcrafted, award-winning alcohol beverage products with a portfolio consisting of
gin, vodka, bitter aperitif and ready-to-drink cocktails RTD ). 

Our
strategy was to produce premium products with minimal impact to the environment through the use of modern technology during production.
Our methods help us to conserve energy and reduce water waste whilst delivering what we believe is a superior product. We also focus
on environmentally friendly and recyclable packaging to reduce our carbon footprint. 

We
filed our Form 10-K for the period ended May 31, 2020 on February 26, 2021 and have been dormant since that time. On July 6,
2023 as a result of a custodianship in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A-23-871246-B, Custodian Ventures LLC Custodian ),
managed by David Lazar was appointed custodian of the Company. On the same date, Custodian appointed David Lazar as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

David
Lazar, 31, has been CEO and Chairman of the Company since July 6, 2023. David Lazar is a private investor. Mr. Lazar has been a
partner at Zenith Partners International since 2013, where he specializes in research and development, sales, and marketing. From 2014
through 2015, David was the Chief Executive Officer of Dico, Inc., which was then sold to Peekay Boutiques. Since February of 2018, Mr.
Lazar has been the managing member of Custodian Ventures LLC, where he specializes in assisting distressed public companies. Since March 2018,
David has acted as the managing member of Activist Investing LLC, which specializes in active investing in distressed public companies.
Currently, David is Chairman and CEO of Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. TTNP ). David has a diverse knowledge of financial,
legal, and operations management; public company management, accounting, audit preparation, due diligence reviews, and SEC regulations. 

Our
fiscal year end is May 31. 

1 

Corporate
History 

We
were incorporated as Momentous Holdings Corp. on May 29, 2015 in the State of Nevada for the purpose of designing, acquiring and
developing mobile apps and mobile software for download by end consumers. 

On
December 31, 2018, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Andrew Eddy Owner ), an individual residing
in Great Britain and owner of 100 of the issued and outstanding capital shares of V Beverages Limited. V Beverages ),
a company organized under the laws of the United Kingdom (the Share Exchange Agreement ). V Beverages in turn owns 100 
of the issued and outstanding capital shares of MaxChater Ltd. MaxChater ), a company organized under the laws of the United
Kingdom, which it acquired on August 1, 2018. 

Pursuant
to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding capital shares of V Beverages (the Target
Shares ). Upon the closing of the transactions under the Share Exchange Agreement, the Owner transferred the Target Shares to the
Company in exchange for 15,750,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001. 

Following
the acquisition of V Beverages, we ceased operations of developing mobile apps, the original business of the Company. 

The
transaction has been accounted for as a reverse merger, whereby V Beverages is considered to be the accounting acquirer and became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In accordance with the accounting treatment for a reverse merger or a reverse
acquisition, the Company s historical financial statements prior to the reverse merger were and will be replaced with the
historical financial statements of V Beverages prior to the reverse merger and in all future filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC ). 

MaxChater
was viewed as the predecessor entity for financial reporting purposes, and Momentous Holdings Corp. was viewed as the successor entity. 

Employees 

As
of September 1, 2023 we had one employee, David Lazar 

Facilities 

The Company has no facilities at this time. 

2 

ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Financial Condition 

We
currently have no operations, and investors therefore have no basis on which to evaluate the Company s future prospects. 

We
currently have no operations and will be reliant upon a merger with or acquisition of an operating business to commence operations and
generate revenue. Because we have no operations and have not generated revenues, investors have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective of locating and completing a business combination with a target business. We have no current arrangements
or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete a business combination
in a reasonable timeframe, on reasonable terms, or at all. If we fail to complete a business combination as planned, we will never generate
any operating revenues. 

We
may face difficulties or delays in our search for a business combination, and we may not have access to sufficient capital to consummate
a business combination. 

We
may face difficulty identifying a viable business opportunity or negotiating or paying for any resulting business combination. Economic
factors that are beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent economic downturn, as well as increased competition
for acquisitions of operating entities that we expect to encounter as a result thereof, may hinder our efforts to locate and/or obtain
a business that is suitable for our business goals at a price we can afford and on terms that will enable us to sufficiently grow our
business to generate value to our shareholders. We have limited capital, and we may not be able to take advantage of any available business
opportunities on favorable terms or at all due to the limited availability of capital. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient
capital to provide us with the necessary funds to successfully develop and implement our plan of operation or acquire a business we deem
to be appropriate or necessary to accomplish our objectives, in which case we may be forced to terminate our business plan and your investment
in the Company could become worthless. 

If
we are not successful in acquiring a new business and generating material revenues, investors will likely lose their investment. 

If
we are not successful in developing a viable business plan and acquiring a new business through which to implement it, our investors 
entire investment in the Company could become worthless. Even if we are successful in combining with or acquiring the assets of an operating
entity, we can provide no assurances that the Company will be able to generate significant revenue therefrom in the short-term or at
all or that investors will derive a profit from their investment. If we are not successful, our investors will likely lose their entire
investment. 

If
we cannot manage our growth effectively, we may not become profitable. 

Businesses,
including development-stage companies such as ours and/or any operating business or businesses we may acquire, often grow rapidly and
tend to have difficulty managing their growth. If we are able to acquire an operating business, we will likely need to expand our management
team and other key personnel by recruiting and employing experienced executives and key employees and/or consultants capable of providing
the necessary support. 

We
cannot assure you that our management will be able to manage our growth effectively or successfully. Our failure to meet these challenges
could cause us to lose money, and your investment could be lost. 

3 

Because
we have limited capital, we may need to raise additional capital in the future by issuing debt or equity securities, the terms of which
may dilute our current investors and/or reduce or limit their liquidation or other rights. 

We
may require additional capital to acquire a business. We may not be able to obtain additional capital when required. Future business
development activities, as well as administrative expenses such as salaries, insurance, general overhead, legal and compliance expenses,
and accounting expenses will require a substantial amount of additional capital. The terms of securities we issue in future capital raising
transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include liquidation preferences, superior voting rights or the issuance
of other derivative securities, which could have a further dilutive effect on or subordinate the rights of our current investors. Any
additional capital raised through the sale of equity securities will likely dilute the ownership percentage of our shareholders. Additionally,
any debt securities we issue would likely create a liquidation preference superior that of our current investors and, if convertible
into shares of Common Stock, would also pose the risk of dilution. 

We
may be unable to obtain necessary financing if and when required. 

Our
ability to obtain financing, if and when necessary, may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both in general and in the
particular industry or industries in which we may choose to operate), our limited operating history and current lack of operations, the
national and global economies, and the condition of the market for microcap securities. Further, economic downturns such as the current
global depression caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may increase our requirements for capital, particularly if such economic downturn persists
for an extended period of time or after we have acquired an operating entity, and may limit or hinder our ability to obtain the funding
we require. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with any revenues we may generate from
future operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, we may be required to discontinue our development or implementation
of a business plan, cancel our search for business opportunities, cease our operations, divest our assets at unattractive prices or obtain
financing on unattractive terms. If any of the foregoing should happen, our shareholders could lose some or all of their investment. 

Because
we are still developing our business plan, we do not have any agreement for a business combination. 

We
have no current arrangement, agreement or understanding with respect to engaging in a business combination with any specific entity.
We may not be successful in identifying and evaluating a suitable acquisition candidate or in consummating a business combination. We
are neutral as to what industry or segment for any target company. We have not established specific metrics and criteria we will look
for in a target company, and if and when we do, we may face difficulty reaching a mutual agreement with any such entity, including in
light of market trends and forces beyond our control. Given our early-stage status, there is considerable uncertainty and therefore inherent
risk to investors that we will not succeed in developing and implementing a viable business plan. 

4 

Risks
Related to a Potential Business Acquisition 

We
may encounter difficulty locating and consummating a business combination, including as a result of the competitive disadvantages we
have. 

We
expect to face intense competition in our search for a revenue-producing business to combine with or acquire. Given the current economic
climate, venture capital firms, larger companies, blank check companies such as special purpose acquisition companies and other investors
are purchasing operating entities or the assets thereof in high volumes and at relatively discounted prices. These parties may have greater
capital or human resources than we do and/or more experience in a particular industry within which we choose to search. Most of these
competitors have a certain amount of liquid cash available to take advantage of favorable market conditions for prospective business
purchaser such as those caused by the recent pandemic. Any delay or inability to locate, negotiate and enter into a business combination
as a result of the relative illiquidity of our current asset or other disadvantages we have relative to our competitors could cause us
to lose valuable business opportunities to our competitors, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
may expend significant time and capital on a prospective business combination that is not ultimately consummated. 

The
investigation of each specific target business and any subsequent negotiation and drafting of related agreements, S.E.C. disclosure and
other documents will require substantial amounts of management s time and attention and material additional costs in connection
with outsourced services from accountants, attorneys, and other professionals. We will likely expend significant time and resources searching
for, conducting due diligence on, and negotiating transaction terms in connection with a proposed business combination that may not ultimately
come to fruition. In such event, all of the time and capital resources expended by the Company in such a pursuit may be lost and unrecoverable
by the Company or its shareholders. Unanticipated issues which may be beyond our control or that of the seller of the applicable business
may arise that force us to terminate discussions with a target company, such as the target s failure or inability to provide adequate
documentation to assist in our investigation, a party s failure to obtain required waivers or consents to consummate the transaction
as required by the inability to obtain the required audits, applicable laws, charter documents and agreements, the appearance of a competitive
bid from another prospective purchaser, or the seller s inability to maintain its operations for a sufficient time to allow the
transaction to close. Such risks are inherent in any search for a new business and investors should be aware of them before investing
in an enterprise such as ours. 

Conflicts
of interest may arise between us and our shareholders, directors, or management, which may have a negative impact on our ability to consummate
a business combination or favorable terms or generate revenue. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, David Lazar, is not required to commit his full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating his time between managing the Company and other businesses in which he is or may be involved. We do not intend to have
any employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. David Lazar, is not obligated to contribute any specific number of
hours to our affairs, and he may engage in other business endeavors while he provides consulting services to the Company. If any of his
other business affairs require him to devote substantial amounts of time to such matters, it could materially limit his ability to devote
his time and attention to our business which could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination or generate
revenue. 

It
is possible that we obtain an operating company in which a director or officer of the Company has an ownership interest in or that he
or she is an officer, director, or employee of. If we do obtain any business affiliated with an officer or director, such business combination
may be on terms other than what would be arrived at in an arms-length transaction. If any conflict of interest arises, it could adversely
affect a business combination or subsequent operations of the Company, in which case our shareholders may see diminished value relative
to what would have been available through a transaction with an independent third party. 

5 

We
may engage in a business combination that causes tax consequences to us and our shareholders. 

Federal
and state tax consequences will, in all likelihood, be a significant factor in considering any business combination that we may undertake.
Under current federal law, such transactions may be subject to significant taxation to the buyer and its shareholders under applicable
federal and state tax laws. While we intend to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences
to the extent practicable in accordance with our business objectives, there can be no assurance that any business combination we undertake
will meet the statutory or regulatory requirements of a tax-free reorganization or similar favorable treatment or that the parties to
such a transaction will obtain the tax treatment intended or expected upon a transfer of equity interests or assets. A non-qualifying
reorganization, combination or similar transaction could result in the imposition of significant taxation, both at the federal and state
levels, which may have an adverse effect on both parties to the transaction, including our shareholders. 

It
is unlikely that our shareholders will be afforded any opportunity to evaluate or approve a business combination. 

It
is unlikely that our shareholders will be afforded the opportunity to evaluate and approve a proposed business combination. In most cases,
business combinations do not require shareholder approval under applicable law, and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do not afford
our shareholders with the right to approve such a transaction. Further, David Lazar, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director, controls
our operations. Accordingly, our shareholders will be relying almost exclusively on the judgement of our board of directors Board and Chief Executive Officer and any persons on whom they may rely with respect to a potential business combination. In order to develop
and implement our business plan, may in the future hire lawyers, accountants, technical experts, appraisers, or other consultants to
assist with determining the Company s direction and consummating any transactions contemplated thereby. We may rely on such persons
in making difficult decisions in connection with the Company s future business and prospects. The selection of any such persons
will be made by our Board, and any expenses incurred or decisions made based on any of the foregoing could prove to be adverse to the
Company in hindsight, the result of which could be diminished value to our shareholders. 

Because
our search for a business combination is not presently limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses, prospective
investors will be unable to evaluate the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations until such time as they
are identified and disclosed. 

We
are still determining the Company s business plan, and we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating entity
in any number of industries or sectors. Because we have not yet entered into any letter of intent or agreement to acquire a particular
business, prospective investors currently have no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, prospects or other metrics or qualities they deem appropriate
in considering to invest in the Company. Further, if we complete a business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business we acquire. For example, if we acquire a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
operating history, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a new business or a development stage entity.
Although our management intends to evaluate and weigh the merits and risks inherent in a particular target business and make a decision
based on the Company and its shareholders interests, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all the
significant risks inherent in a target business, that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence or that we will ultimately
acquire a viable business and generate material revenue therefrom. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to reduce the likelihood that those risks will adversely impact a target business or mitigate any harm to the
Company caused thereby. Should we select a course of action, or fail to select a course of action, that ultimately exposes us to unknown
or unidentified risks, our business will be harmed and you could lose some or all of your investment. 

6 

Past
performance by our management and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

While
our Chief Executive Officer has prior experience in advising businesses, his past performance, the performance of other entities or persons
with which he is involved, or the performance of any other personnel we may retain in the future will not necessarily be an indication
of either (i) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) the future operating results
of the Company including with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of
him or any other of our personnel or their affiliates performance as indicative of our future performance or that an investment
in us will be profitable. In addition, an investment in the Company is not an investment in any entities affiliated with our management
or other personnel. While management intends to endeavor to locate a viable business opportunity and generate shareholder value, there
can be no assurance that we will succeed in this endeavor. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that are outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive opportunity for the Company. Although management intends to endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all the significant risks, or that we will accurately determine the actual value of a prospective operating entity to acquire.
In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s ability
to evaluate and make decisions on behalf of the Company may be limited, or we may make material expenditures on additional personnel
or consultants to assist management in the Company s operations. Investors should be aware that the information contained herein
regarding the areas of our management s expertise will not necessarily be relevant to an understanding of the business that we
ultimately elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risks
or strategic opportunities that may arise. Accordingly, any shareholders in the Company following a business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their shares, and any resulting loss will likely not be recoverable. 

We
may attempt to complete a business combination with a private target company about which little information is available, and such target
entity may not generate revenue as expected or otherwise by compatible with us as expected. 

In
pursuing our search for a business to acquire, we will likely seek to complete a business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and the only information available to us prior to making a decision
may be from documents and information provided directly to us by the target company in connection with the transaction. Such documents
or information or the conclusions we draw therefrom could prove to be inaccurate or misleading. As such, we may be required to make our
decision on whether to pursue a potential business combination based on limited, incomplete, or faulty information, which may result
in our subsequent operations generating less revenue than expected, which could materially harm our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Our
ability to assess the management of a prospective target business may be limited and, as a result, we may acquire a target business whose
management does not have the skills, qualifications, or abilities to enable a seamless transition, which could, in turn, negatively impact
our results of operations. 

When
evaluating the desirability of a potential business combination, our ability to assess the target business s management may be
limited due to a lack of time, resources, or information. Our management s assessment of the capabilities of the target s
management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities expected. Further,
in most cases the target s management may be expected to want to manage us and replace our Chief Executive Officer. Should the
target s management not possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to manage a public company or assist with their
former entity s merger or combination into ours, the operations and profitability of the post-acquisition business may be negatively
impacted and our shareholders could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. 

7 

Any
business we acquire will likely lack diversity of operations or geographical reach, and in such case we will be subject to risks associated
with dependence on a single industry or region. 

Our
search for a business will likely be focused on entities with a single or limited business activity and/or that operate in a limited
geographic area. While larger companies have the ability to manage their risk by diversifying their operations among different industries
and regions, smaller companies such as ours and the entities we anticipate reviewing for a potential business combination generally lack
diversification, in terms of both the nature and geographic scope of their business. As a result, we will likely be impacted more acutely
by risks affecting the industry or the region in which we operate than we would if our business were more diversified. In addition to
general economic risks, we could be exposed to natural disasters, civil unrest, technological advances, and other uncontrollable developments
that will threaten our viability if and to the extent our future operations are limited to a single industry or region. If we do not
diversify our operations, our financial condition and results of operations will be at risk. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to us, may adversely affect our business, ability
to negotiate and complete a business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by federal, state, and local governments. In addition to S.E.C. regulations, any business
we acquire in the future may be subject to substantial legal or regulatory oversight and restrictions, which could hinder our growth
and expend material amounts on compliance. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application by courts and administrative judges may also
change from time to time, and any such changes could be unfavorable to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments,
and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could result
in material defense or remedial costs and/or damages have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

8 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Due
to factors beyond our control, our stock price may be volatile. 

There
is currently a very limited market for our Common Stock, and there can be no guarantee that an active market for our Common Stock will
develop, even if we are successful in consummating a business combination. Recently, the price of our Common Stock has been volatile
for no reason. Further, even if an active market for our Common Stock develops, it will likely be subject to by significant price volatility
when compared to more seasoned issuers. We expect that the price of our Common Stock will continue to be more volatile than more seasoned
issuers for the foreseeable future. Fluctuations in the price of our Common Stock can be based on various factors in addition to those
otherwise described in this Report, including: 

General
speculative fever; 

A
prospective business combination and the terms and conditions thereof; 

The
operating performance of any business we acquire, including any failure to achieve material revenues therefrom; 

The
performance of our competitors in the marketplace, both pre- and post-combination; 

The
public s reaction to our press releases, S.E.C. filings, website content and other public announcements and information; 

Changes
in earnings estimates of any business that we acquire or recommendations by any research analysts who may follow us or other companies
in the industry of a business that we acquire; 

Variations
in general economic conditions, including as may be caused by uncontrollable events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting decline
in the economy; 

The
public disclosure of the terms of any financing we disclose in the future; 

The
number of shares of our Common Stock that are publicly traded in the future; 

Actions
of our existing shareholders, including sales of Common Stock by our then directors and then executive officers or by significant investors;
and 

The
employment or termination of key personnel. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of whether we can consummate
a business combination and of our current or subsequent operating performance and financial condition. In the past, following periods
of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities
class action suit against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s time and attention, which would otherwise
be used to benefit our business. 

9 

Because
trading in our Common Stock is so limited, investors who purchase our Common Stock may depress the market if they sell Common Stock. 

Our
Common Stock trades on the Expert Market. The Expert Market generally is very illiquid and most stocks traded there are of companies
that are not required to file reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act and do not meet the guidelines of the OTC Market. Our Common
Stock itself infrequently trades. 

The
market price of our Common Stock may decline if a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock are sold at once or in large blocks. 

Presently
the market for our Common Stock is limited. If an active market for our shares develops in the future, some or all of our shareholders
may sell their shares of our Common Stock which may depress the market price. Any sale of a substantial number of these shares in the
public market, or the perception that such a sale could occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline, which could
reduce the value of the shares held by our other shareholders. 

Future
issuance of our Common Stock could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders, particularly in connection with an acquisition
and any resulting financing. 

We
may issue additional shares of our Common Stock in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of our Common Stock could substantially
dilute the interests of our shareholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of Common Stock in the public market, either
in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in a business combination which received our Common Stock as
consideration or by investors who has previously acquired such Common Stock could have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common
Stock. 

Due
to recent changes to Rule 15c2-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our Common Stock may become subject to limitations
or reductions on stock price, liquidity, or volume. 

On
September 16, 2020, the S.E.C. adopted amendments to Rule 15c2-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act ). This Rule applies to broker-dealers who quote securities listed on over-the-counter markets such as our Common Stock. The
Rule as amended prohibits broker-dealers from publishing quotations on O.T.C. markets for an issuer s securities unless they are
based on current publicly available information about the Issuer. When it becomes effective, the amended Rule will also limit the Rule s
 piggyback exception, which allows broker-dealers to publish quotations for a security in reliance on the quotations of
a broker-dealer that initially performed the information review required by the Rule, to issuers with current publicly available information
or issuers that are up-to-date in their Exchange Act reports. As of this date, we are uncertain as what actual effect the Rule may have
on us. 

The
Rule changes could harm the liquidity and/or market price of our Common Stock by either preventing our shares from being quoted or driving
up our costs of compliance. Because we are a voluntary filer under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and not a public reporting
company, the practical impact of these changes is to require us to maintain a level of periodic disclosure we are not presently required
to maintain, which would cause us to incur material additional expenses. Further, if we cannot or do not provide or maintain current
public information about our Company, our stockholders may face difficulties in selling their shares of our Common Stock at desired prices,
quantities, or times, or at all, as a result of the amendments to the Rule. 

ITEM 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

10 

ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES 

Not
applicable 

ITEM 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

11 

PART
II 

ITEM 5.
MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock currently trades in the Expert Market under the symbol MMNT . There is no quoted stock price at this time. 

Shareholders 

Our
shares of common stock are issued in registered form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Securities Transfer
Corporation, Suite 214 Salt, Lake City, UT, 84121 (Telephone (469) 633-0101. 

As
of September 4, 2023 there were 33,115,000 shares of our common stock outstanding, which were held by approximately 36 record stockholders.
The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of
common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

We
have previously disclosed all sales of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 6.
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
Applicable. 

12 

ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS 

The
Company has no operations or revenue as of the date of this Report. We are currently in the process of developing a business plan. Management
intends to explore and identify viable business opportunities within the U.S. including seeking to acquire a business in a reverse merger.
Our ability to effectively identify, develop and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties
which are beyond our control, including without limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and
global economies. For more information about the risk of Covid-19 on our business, see Item 1.A. - Risk Factors . 

Plan
of Operation 

The
Company has no operations from a continuing business other than the expenditures related to running the Company, and has no revenue from
continuing operations as of the date of this Report. 

Management
intends to explore and identify business opportunities within the U.S., including a potential acquisition of an operating entity through
a reverse merger, asset purchase or similar transaction. Our Chief Executive Officer has experience in business consulting, although
no assurances can be given that he can identify and implement a viable business strategy or that any such strategy will result in profits.
Our ability to effectively identify, develop and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties
which are beyond our control, including without limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and
global economies. For more information about the risk of coronavirus on our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

We
do not currently engage in any business activities that provide revenue or cash flow. During the next 12-month period we anticipate incurring
costs in connection with investigating, evaluating, and negotiating potential business combinations, filing S.E.C. reports, and consummating
an acquisition of an operating business. 

Given
our limited capital resources, we may consider a business combination with an entity which has recently commenced operations, is a developing
company or is otherwise in need of additional funds for the development of new products or services or expansion into new markets, or
is an established business experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. Alternatively, a business
combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, an entity which desires access to the U.S. capital markets. 

As
of the date of this Report, our management has not had any discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a potential
business combination. Any target business that is selected may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development. In such
event, we expect to be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or early-stage entity.
In addition, we may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk or in which our
management has limited experience, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our
management anticipates that we will likely only be able to effect one business combination due to our limited capital. This lack of diversification
will likely pose a substantial risk in investing in the Company for the indefinite future because it will not permit us to offset potential
losses from one venture or operating territory against gains from another. The risks we face will likely be heightened to the extent
we acquire a business operating in a single industry or geographical region. 

We
anticipate that the selection of a business combination will be a complex and risk-prone process. Because of general economic conditions,
including unfavorable conditions caused by the coronavirus pandemic, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages
of available capital, management believes that there are a number of firms seeking business opportunities at this time at discounted
rates with which we will compete. We expect that any potentially available business combinations may appear in a variety of different
industries or regions and at various stages of development, all of which will likely render the task of comparative investigation and
analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complicated. Once we have developed and begun to implement our business
plan, management intends to fund our working capital requirements through a combination of our existing funds and future issuances of
debt or equity securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the implementation of a business plan
and commencement of operations. 

13 

Based
upon our current operations, we do not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations over the next 12 months. If we are able
to close a reverse merger, it is likely we will need capital as a condition of closing that acquisition. Because of the uncertainties,
we cannot be certain as to how much capital we need to raise or the type of securities we will be required to issue. In connection with
a reverse merger, we will be required to issue a controlling block of our securities to the target s shareholders which will be
very dilutive. 

Additional
issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might
have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to our Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms,
or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective
new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

We
anticipate that we will incur operating losses in the next 12 months, principally costs related to our being obligated to file reports
with the S.E.C. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies
in their early stage of development. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model,
recognition of revenue sources, and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, develop, implement,
and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain, and motivate
qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so could have
a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or
future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Going
Concern 

The
independent registered public accounting firm auditors Report accompanying our May 31, 2023 financial statements contained
an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have
been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates that we will realize our assets and
satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

14 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheet as of May 31, 2023 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 F-5 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Momentous
Holdings Corporation 

300 Mamaroneck Ave. 

 Apt 201 

 White Plains, New York 10605 

Disclaimer
Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We
were engaged to audit the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Momentous Holdings Corporation (the Company as of
May 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive loss, statements of changes in stockholders 
deficit and statements of cash flows for the year then ended. As described in the Basis for Disclaimer Opinion, we were unable to obtain
sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on the financial statements of the Company, therefore, we
do not express an opinion on these financial statements. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial
statements, the Company had incurred a net loss of 53,962 during the year, had negative working capital of 613,349 and accumulated deficit
of 679,996 on May 31, 2023. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Disclaimer Opinion 

We
were not engaged as auditors of the Company until August of 2023 at which time much of the audit evidence necessary to provide a basis
for an audit opinion had not been made available to us. We were unable to satisfy ourselves by other audit procedures concerning the assets
and liabilities held on May 31, 2023, as well as the incomes and expenses recognized for the year then ended. As a result of these matters,
we were unable to determine whether any adjustments might have been found necessary in respect of recorded or unrecorded assets, liabilities,
incomes and expenses. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
Because of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer Opinion paragraph above, we were not able to obtain sufficient appropriate
audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion. 

The
Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Because
of the significance of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer Opinion paragraph, we have not been able to obtain sufficient
appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion on these financial statements. 

F- 2 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to those charged with governance that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. Because of the significance of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer
Opinion paragraph, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion. We have
no critical audit matters to report in this regard. 

/s/
 JP CENTURION PARTNERS PLT 

JP
 CENTURION PARTNERS PLT 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

(PCAOB: 

Date:
 September 15, 2023 

F- 3 

MOMENTOUS
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

May 31, 

2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Total assets 
 - 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Due to former related parties 

Convertible note, net 

Derivative liability 

Short term borrowings 

Notes payable related parties 

Other accrued expenses and liabilities 

Borrowings 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Common stock, par value,
 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and deficit 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

MOMENTOUS
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended 

May 31, 
2023 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest (expense) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes (benefit) 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share 

Weighted -weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

MOMENTOUS
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 Other 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, May 31, 2022 

Net (loss) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, May 31, 2023 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

MOMENTOUS
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations: 

Net income (loss) 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Related party loans 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 - 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 - 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

NOTES
TO FINANCIALS STATEMENTS FOR THE 

 PERIOD
ENDED MAY 31, 2023 

of the issued and outstanding capital shares of V Beverages, a company organized under the laws of
the United Kingdom (the Share Exchange Agreement ). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired 100 
of the issued and outstanding capital shares of V Beverages (the Target Shares ). Upon the closing of the transaction under
the Share Exchange Agreement, the Owner transferred the Target Shares to the Company in exchange for shares of the Company s
common stock, par value 0.001. The board members of the Company were replaced with those of V Beverages at the date of the transaction. 

The
transaction has been accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization, whereby V Beverages is considered to be the accounting acquirer
and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. V Beverages is considered to be the accounting acquirer following the replacement
of the Momentous Holdings Corp. board and management by V Beverages management and board member. Following the reverse merger we ceased
operations of our app, the original business of the Company. 

We
filed our Form 10-K for the period ended May 31, 2020 on February 26, 2021 and have been dormant since that time. On July 6,
2023 as a result of a custodianship in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A-23-871246-B, Custodian Ventures LLC Custodian ),
managed by David Lazar was appointed custodian of the Company. On the same date, Custodian appointed David Lazar as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

David
Lazar, 31, has been CEO and Chairman of the Company since July 6, 2023. David Lazar is a private investor. Mr. Lazar has been a
partner at Zenith Partners International since 2013, where he specializes in research and development, sales, and marketing. From 2014
through 2015, David was the Chief Executive Officer of Dico, Inc., which was then sold to Peekay Boutiques. Since February of 2018, Mr.
Lazar has been the managing member of Custodian Ventures LLC, where he specializes in assisting distressed public companies. Since March 2018,
David has acted as the managing member of Activist Investing LLC, which specializes in active investing in distressed public companies.
Currently, David is Chairman and CEO of Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. TTNP ). David has a diverse knowledge of financial,
legal, and operations management; public company management, accounting, audit preparation, due diligence reviews, and SEC regulations. 

- in cash and cash equivalents. The Company had net loss of for the year ended May 31,
2023 had negative working capital of and accumulated deficit of on May 31, 2023. Historically, the Company s
principal sources of liquidity have been cash provided by operating activities, as well as financial support from related parties. The
Company currently is custodianship and expects its Custodian, who has a demonstrated track record of funding custodianships he has undertaken, to provide financing for the next twelve months. The Company s operating results for future periods are subject to numerous
uncertainties. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

cash on hand. 

in liabilities on its balance sheet comprised of the following: 

Due to former related party 

Convertible note, net 

Derivative liability 

Short term borrowings 

Notes payable related parties 

Other accrued expense and liabilities 

Borrowings 

Total liabilities 

common shares with a par value authorized with shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 11 

ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods
specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to the Issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and the principal
financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
As of May 31, 2023 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
 assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has
concluded that as of May 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result of the following material weaknesses: 

The
 Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having one officer and limited resources. 

The
 Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. 

15 

The
 Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

All
 of the Company s financial reporting is carried out by a financial consultant. 

We
plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing an independent board of directors, establishing written policies and procedures for
our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring additional accounting personnel at such time as we complete a reverse merger
or similar business acquisition. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the year May 31, 2023, that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

16 

PART
III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the names and positions of our executive officers and directors. Directors will be elected at our annual meeting
of stockholders and serve for one year or until their successors are elected and qualify. Officers are elected by the Board and their
terms of office are, except to the extent governed by employment contract, at the discretion of the Board. 

David
Lazar, 33, has been CEO and Chairman of the Company since July 6. 2023. David Lazar is a private investor. Mr. Lazar has been a
partner at Zenith Partners International since 2013, where he specializes in research and development, sales, and marketing. From 2014
through 2015, David was the Chief Executive Officer of Dico, Inc., which was then sold to Peekay Boutiques. Since February of 2018, Mr.
Lazar has been the managing member of Custodian Ventures LLC, where he specializes in assisting distressed public companies. Since March 2018,
David has acted as the managing member of Activist Investing LLC, which specializes in active investing in distressed public companies.
David has a diverse knowledge of financial, legal and operations management; public company management, accounting, audit preparation,
due diligence reviews and SEC regulations. Current Mr. Lazar is Chairman and CEO of Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

MARKET 

FROM 
 TO 
 
 NAME OF ISSUER 
 TRADED ON 
 POSITION(S) HELD 
 MM 
 YYYY 
 MM 
 YYYY 
 
 Rarus Technologies, Inc. (RARS) 
 OTCBB 
 CEO, Director 
 01 
 2018 
 05 
 2018 
 
 DRS, Inc. (DRSX) 
 
 CEO, Director 
 07 
 2018 
 11 
 2018 
 
 Energenx, Inc. (EENX) 
 OTC 
 CEO 
 03 
 2018 
 07 
 2018 
 
 Melt, Inc. (MLTC) 
 OTC 
 Director 
 10 
 2018 
 03 
 2019 
 
 Nevtah Capital Management Corporation (NTAH) 
 OTC US 
 President, Chief Executive Officer Secretary 
 03 
 2019 
 05 
 2020 
 
 Mediashift, Inc. (MSHFQ) 
 OTC 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 03 
 2019 
 09 
 2019 
 
 Sollensys Corp. (SOLS) 
 OTC Market 
 President, CEO, Secretary Director 
 12 
 2019 
 08 
 2020 
 
 Foru Holdings, Inc (FORU) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 03 
 2020 
 Current 

Superbox, Inc (SBOX) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 03 
 2020 
 02 
 2021 
 
 Petrone Worldwide, Inc (PFWIQ) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 03 
 2020 
 09 
 2020 
 
 Gushen, Inc (GSHN) 
 OTC US 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 03 
 2020 
 12 
 2020 
 
 Reliance Global Group Inc. (RELI) 
 OTC 
 Director 
 03 
 2020 
 06 
 2020 
 
 GHAR, Inc. (GHAR) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 03 
 2020 
 06 
 2020 
 
 PhoneBrasil (PHBR) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 08 
 2020 
 12 
 2020 
 
 XXStream Entertainment, Inc. 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 07 
 2020 
 12 
 2020 

17 

Adorbs Inc. 
 N/A 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 07 
 2020 
 03 
 2022 
 
 China Botanic Pharmaceutical, Inc(CBPI) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 02 
 2021 
 08 
 2021 
 
 C2E Energy Inc. (OOGI) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 02 
 2021 
 06 
 2021 
 
 Finotec (FTGI) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 03 
 2020 
 01 
 2021 
 
 3D Makerjet Inc. (MRJT) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 07 
 2020 
 03 
 2021 
 
 Pan Global Corp. (PGLO) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 07 
 2020 
 07 
 2021 
 
 Balincan International, Inc. (ALTB) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 08 
 2021 
 02 
 2022 
 
 Shengshi Elevator International(SSDT) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 05 
 2021 
 12 
 2021 
 
 Romulus Corp. (RMLS) 
 OTC Markets 
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO Secretary 
 08 
 2021 
 08 
 2021 

David
Lazar was also the sole officer and director of Shentang International, Inc. Shentang ), which is a blank check company.
On April 29, 2020, Plentiful Limited, a Samoan company, purchased 10,000,000 shares of Shentang s preferred stock, par value
 0.001 per share, representing 98 of the voting stock, from Custodian Ventures for 225,000. This concluded Mr. Lazar s association
with Shentang. A business combination has yet to occur. Shentang has not registered any offerings under the Securities Act. 

David
Lazar was also the sole officer and director of Guozi Zhongyu Capital Holdings (formerly Melt Inc.) Guozi ), which was
a blank check company. On February 27, 2019, Zhicheng RAO, purchased 2,185,710,000 shares of Guozi s common stock, par value
 0.00001 per share, from Custodian Ventures for 325,000, representing 99 of the voting stock. This concluded Mr. Lazar s association
with Guozi. Guozi has not registered any offerings under the Securities Act. 

David
Lazar was also the sole officer and director of Cang Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center Inc. (formerly Zhongchai Machinery,
Inc.) Cang ), which is a blank check company. On December 16, 2018, Xingtao Zhou and Yaqin Fu purchased 3,096,200
shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares (the Shares of preferred stock, each par value 0.001 per share, representing
approximately 99 of the voting capital, from Custodian Ventures for 375,000. This concluded Mr. Lazar s association with Cang.
A business combination has yet to occur. Cang has not registered any offerings under the Securities Act. 

Except
for GHAR, Inc, Adorbs, Inc. and Reliance Global Group Inc., Mr. Lazar took control of all of the companies listed by becoming the Court-appointed
custodian through Custodian Ventures LLC and entity in which he is the managing member. 

Election
of Directors and Officers 

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have
been elected and qualified. 

18 

Audit
Committee 

We
do not have any committees of the Board as we only have one director. 

Director
Independence 

We
do not currently have any independent directors. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by Marketplace
Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

We
have chosen to combine the Chief Executive Officer and Board Chairman positions since one person is our sole officer and director. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Board has not adopted a Code of Ethics due to the Company s size and lack of employees. As of the date of this Report, our sole
director is also our Chief Executive Officer. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of the Company s
Common Stock to file initial reports of ownership and changes in ownership of the Company s Common Stock with the S.E.C. These
individuals are required by the regulations of the S.E.C. to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based
solely on a review of the copies of the forms furnished to us none of Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who
own more than 10 of the Company s Common Stock failed to comply with Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following information is related to the compensation paid, distributed, or accrued by us for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023
to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) during the last fiscal year and the two other most highly compensated executive
officers serving as of the end of the last fiscal year whose compensation exceeded 100,000 (the Named Executive Officers ): 

We
did not pay any compensation to our Chief Executive Officers (the Named Executive Officers during the last two fiscal
years. 

Named
Executive Officer Employment Agreements 

None. 

Termination
Provisions 

As
of the date of this Report, we have no contract, agreement, plan, or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments
to a Named Executive Officer at, following, or in connection with any termination, including without limitation resignation, severance,
retirement or a constructive termination of a Named Executive Officer, or a change in control of the Company or a change in the Named
Executive Officer s responsibilities, with respect to each Named Executive Officer. 

19 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

As
of May 31, 2023 none of our Named Executive Officers held any unexercised options, stock that have not vested, or other equity incentive
plan awards. 

Director
Compensation 

To
date, we have not paid our director any compensation for services on our Board. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
Company does not have any securities authorized for issuance or outstanding under an equity compensation plan or equity compensation
grants made outside of such a plan. 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock as of May 31,
2023 by (i) each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of any classes of outstanding Common Stock, (ii)
each director of the Company, (iii) each of the Chief Executive Officers and the executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive
Officers and (iv) all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group based upon 33,115,000 shares outstanding. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owners of Common Stock 
 Title of 
Class 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 of Common Stock 
 
 David Lazar 
 Common 
 20,000 
 Less
than 1 

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS TOTAL (One Officer and Director) 
 
 20,000 
 Less than 1 

5 SHAREHOLDERS 

Andrew Eddy 
 Common 
 15,750,000 
 47.6 
 
 32 Curzon St. 
 London, UK 

James Horan 
 Common 
 7,500,000 
 22.6 
 
 Cambridge, Heath Rod 
 London, UK 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

For
the year ended May 31, 2023 the Company paid 5,000 in accounting fees. 

20 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document (furnished herewith) 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (furnished herewith) 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

21 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

MOMENTOUS
 HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

Dated:
 September 15, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 David Lazar 

David
 Lazar 

Chief
Executive Officer 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 momentous_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
David Lazar, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual Report on Form 10-K of Momentous Holdings Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this Report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

b) designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed
 in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the Registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: September 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Lazar 

David Lazar 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer
 and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 momentous_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Momentous Holdings Corporation, (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Lazar,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: September 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Lazar 

David Lazar 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer
 and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 mmnt-20230531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 mmnt-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 mmnt-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 mmnt-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

