<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230824_10-K_edgar_data_1823857_0001493152-23-030029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8446945</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>423539</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2684507</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2084268</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1336571</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1759355</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-030029.hdr.sgml : 20230824
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230823215501
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-030029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230824
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230823

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Viveon Health Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823857
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39827
		FILM NUMBER:		231198811

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3480 PEACHTREE ROAD NE
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR - SUITE #112
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30326
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4045797978

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3480 PEACHTREE ROAD NE
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR - SUITE #112
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30326

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-030029.txt : 20230824

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

(Address
of principal executive offices and zip code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

 (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that require a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The
aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be
deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on
the Nasdaq Capital Market, was . 

As
of August 22, 2023, there were 
shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 20 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 36 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 44 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 44 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 48 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 49 

2 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the
Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report
that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any
statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability
 to complete our initial business combination; 

success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers
 and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool
 of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
 change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

use
 of proceeds not held in the trust account established at Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in connection with its initial
 public offering (the Trust Account ). or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance;
 and 

financial
 performance following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors . 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections
are no longer reasonably attainable. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

Viveon
Health Acquisition Corp. Viveon , we , us , or our is a Delaware company incorporated on August 7, 2020 as a blank check company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, with one or more target businesses. 

On
December 28, 2020, Viveon consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 17,500,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one
share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock and one redeemable warrant Warrant ),
entitling the holder thereof to purchase one-half of a share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, and one right to
receive one-twentieth (1/20) of a share of Common Stock. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds to the Company of 175,000,000. On December 28, 2020, the underwriters of the IPO, Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Charda n or the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in
full, and the closing occurred on December 30, 2020 when Viveon sold 2,625,000 Over-Allotment Option Units at a price of 10.00 per
unit, generating additional gross proceeds of 26,250,000. 

On
December 28, 2020, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated a private placement Private Placement with Viveon Health, LLC (the Sponsor of 18,000,000 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 0.50 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 9,000,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Warrants
(as defined below) sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each
case so long as they continue to be held by the Sponsor, or its permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor agreed not to transfer,
assign, or sell any of the Private Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Private Placement
Warrants Subscription Statement) until the date we complete our initial business combination. The Sponsor was granted certain demand
and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Warrants. 

A
total of 203,262,500 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO and the private placement were placed in a trust account
(the Trust Account established for the benefit of the
Company s public stockholders at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
acting as trustee. At the time of the IPO, the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provided, among
other things that none of the funds held in trust will be released from the Trust Account, other than interest income to pay any tax
obligations, until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the Company s
failure to consummate a business combination by 15 months from the consummation of the IPO (March 18, 2022), and (iii) the
redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend Viveon s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of Viveon s public
shares to seek redemption in connection with Viveon s initial business combination or Viveon s obligation to redeem 100 
of its public shares if Viveon does not complete its initial business combination by 15 months from the consummation of the IPO
(March 28, 2022) or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination
activity. 

Extensions
of Business Combination Period and Amendment to Our Certificate of Incorporation 

First
Extension and First Amendment 

On
March 18, 2022, the Company held a stockholder meeting to seek approval to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (the First Amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business
combination from March 28, 2022 (the Original Termination Date to June 28, 2022. The First Amendment (i)
extends the date by which we have to consummate a business combination for three months, from the Original Termination Date to June 30,
2022 and (ii) allows us, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly
basis for up to six times by an additional one month each time after June 30, 2023, upon five days advance notice and the deposit
of 240,000 per month prior to the applicable deadline, for a total of up to nine months after the Original Termination Date, unless
the closing of the proposed business combination with Suneva Medical, Inc. or any potential alternative initial business combination
shall have occurred. 

The
stockholders approved the First Amendment at the meeting. 

On
March 23, 2022, we filed the First Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State. A copy of the First Amendment, as filed, is incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 3.2. 

As
a result of the First Amendment, on March 23, 2022, we also entered into an amendment (the IMTA Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
trustee (the IMTA ). This IMTA Amendment amends and restates Sections 1(i), 7(c) and 7(j) of the IMTA to reflect
the changes based on the First Amendment. A copy of the IMTA Amendment, is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit
10.18. 

In
connection with the First Amendment, the Company made a deposit into the Trust Account of 720,000 on March 23, 2022 and
stockholders redeemed 15,092,126 shares resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account to such redeeming stockholders
totaling approximately 152,451,819, without taking into account additional allocation of
payments to cover any tax obligation of the Company, such as franchise taxes, but not including any excise tax, since that
date . 

4 

On each of June 23, 2022, July 26, 2022, August
30, 2022, September 28, 2022, October 28, 2022 and November 25, 2022, the Company deposited 240,000 into the Trust Account to extend
the date to consummate a Business Combination through July 28, 2022, August 28, 2022, September 28, 2022, October 28, 2022, November
28, 2022 and December 28, 2022, respectively. 

Second
Extension and Second Amendment 

Viveon
held its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Annual Meeting on December 23, 2022 to seek approval to, among
other things, amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Second Amendment ),
to allow the Company to extend the date to consummate a business combination from December 28, 2022 until June 30, 2023 (the Second
Extended Date ). The Second Amendment allows us to elect to extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly
basis for up to six times by an additional one month each time after December 28, 2022, upon three calendar days advance notice
and the deposit of 100,000 per month prior to the applicable deadline, until June 30, 2023, unless the closing of the proposed business
combination with Suneva Medical, Inc. or any potential alternative initial business combination shall have occurred. The Stockholders
approved the Second Amendment at the Annual Meeting. 

On
December 23, 2022, we filed the Second Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State. A copy of the Second Amendment, as filed is incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 3.3. 

In
connection with the Second Amendment stockholders redeemed 3,188,100 shares resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust
Account to pay such redeeming stockholders, totaling approximately 34,004,514, without taking
into account additional allocation of payments to cover any tax obligation of the Company, such as franchise taxes, but not
including any excise tax, since that date . 

As
a result of the Second Amendment, on January 20, 2023 we also entered into an IMTA amendment that amends and restates Sections 1(i),
7(c) and 7(j) of the original IMTA to reflect the changes based on the Second Amendment. A copy of the amendment, is included as
Exhibit 10.19 to this Annual Report. 

In connection with the Second
Amendment, on each of December 27, 2022, January 26, 2023, February 27, 2023, March 27, 2023 and April 28, 2023, the Company deposited
 100,000 into the Trust Account to extend the date to consummate a Business Combination through January 31, 2023, February 28, 2023,
March 31, 2023, April 30, 2023 and May 31, 2023, respectively. Viveon made a final deposit of 100,000 on May 24, 2023 for a one month
extension until June 30, 2023. 

Third
Extension and Third Amendment 

On June 22, 2023, the Company
held a stockholder meeting (the June 2023 Stockholders Meeting to seek approval to, among other things, to amend the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Third Amendment ), to allow the Company to (i) initially
extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six times, each such extension for an additional
one month period, until December 31, 2023, by depositing into the Trust Account, the amount of 85,000 for each one-month extension until
December 31, 2023, and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination (without seeking
additional approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024, with no additional
deposits to be made into the Trust Account during such period, each such extension for an additional one month period, (the Third
Extended Date ), upon one calendar day advance notice to the Trustee, prior to the applicable monthly deadline, unless
the closing of the proposed initial business combination with Clearday, Inc., or any potential alternative initial business combination
shall have occurred prior to the Third Extended Date; and (B) to amend the Company s IMTA,
allowing the Company to (i) initially extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six
times, each such extension for an additional one month period, until December 31, 2023, by depositing into the Trust Account, the amount
of 85,000 for each one-month extension until December 31, 2023, and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate
an initial business combination (without seeking additional approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from
January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024, each such extension for an additional one month period, with no additional deposits to be made into
the Trust Account during such period from January 1, 2024 through March 31, 2024. The Stockholders approved the Third Amendment
at the June 2023 Stockholders Meeting. 

On
June 27, 2023, we filed the Third Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State. A copy of the Third Amendment, as filed is incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report as Exhibit 3.4. 

In connection with the Third Amendment stockholders redeemed 227,359 shares
resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account to pay such redeeming stockholders, totaling 2,498,947 ,
 without taking into account additional allocation of payments to cover any tax obligation of the
Company, such as franchise taxes, but not including any excise tax, since that date . 

On June 27, 2023 and July 27, 2023,
the Company deposited 85,000 in the Trust Account, to extend the date by which the Company can complete an initial business combination
by one month to July 31, 2023 and August 31, 2023, respectively. 

As a result of the Third Amendment, we also entered into an amendment
to the IMTA, dated as of July 27, 2023, that amends and restates Sections 1(i), 7(c) and 7(j) of the original IMTA to reflect the
change based on the Third Amendment. A copy of the amendment, is included as Exhibit 10.20 to this Annual Report. 

F ollowing all of the prior redemptions,
the Company has 1,617,415 shares of public common stock outstanding, and approximately 17,777,323 remaining in the Trust Account as
of the date hereof . 

Termination
of Merger Agreement 

As
disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K on January 12, 2022, Viveon Health Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation Viveon ), entered into a Merger Agreement (the Old Merger Agreement by and
among Viveon, VHAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Viveon Old Merger
Sub ), and Suneva Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation Suneva ). Pursuant to the terms of
the Merger Agreement, a business combination between Viveon and Suneva was proposed to be effected through the merger of Merger Sub
with and into Suneva, with Suneva surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Viveon (the Old
Merger ). At the time of the signing of the Merger Agreement, the board of directors of Viveon had (i) approved and
declared advisable the Merger Agreement, the Old Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to
recommend approval of the Old Merger Agreement and related transactions by the stockholders of Viveon. 

On
February 2, 2023, legal counsel for Viveon sent a letter informing Suneva s legal counsel that Viveon decided, effective
immediately, to unilaterally terminate the Old Merger Agreement pursuant to Sections 10.2(a) and 10.2 thereof, based upon material
breaches of the Old Merger Agreement by Suneva. The termination letter was sent without prejudice and reserved all of Viveon, Old
Merger Sub and Viveon Health, LLC (Viveon s sponsor) rights, claims and remedies, specifically including those within the Old
Merger Agreement, against Suneva and others associated with Suneva who participated in the merger discussions and arrangements, and
waived none. 

5 

Funding
for Extension and Working Capital 

On March 21, 2022, March 23, 2022, April 4, 2022, April 27, 2022, May 9,
2022, October 27, 2022, and November 25, 2022, we entered into subscription agreements with several lenders for a loan of up to 4,000,000, in the aggregate (the Subscription
Agreements ). 

Pursuant
to the Subscription Agreements, we issued a series of unsecured senior promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to 4,000,000
(the Notes to the subscribers. Of the 4,000,000 in Notes, 1,955,000 was subscribed for by several related parties affiliated
with our sponsor, Viveon Health LLC, and the balance in the amount of 2,045,000 was subscribed for by parties that are not related to
our sponsor. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Subscription
Agreements, the subscribers also received warrants to purchase one share of our common stock for every 2.00 of the funded principal amount
of the Notes up to 2,000,000 shares of our common stock, in the aggregate, at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
(the Subscription Warrants ). The Subscription Warrant term commences on the Exercise Date (as hereinafter
defined) for a period of 49 months. The Subscription Warrants are exercisable commencing on the date of the initial business combination
(the Exercise Date and have a cashless exercise feature that is available at any time on or after the Exercise
Date. Commencing on the date 13 months following the Exercise Date, the subscribers have the right, but not the obligation, to put the
Subscription Warrants to us at a purchase price of 5.00 per share. We have agreed to file, within thirty (30) calendar days after the
consummation of an initial business combination, a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register for
resale the shares of common stock underlying the Subscription Warrants. 

The
Notes do not bear interest and mature upon the earlier of (i) the closing of our initial business combination, and (ii) December 31,
2022 (the Maturity Date ). The Notes provide for a credit line up to the maximum amount of 4,000,000. We
will not have the right to re-borrow any portion of any loans made under the Notes once repaid. As of December 31, 2022, a commitment
fee in the amount of 400,000, equal to 10 of the maximum principal amount of the Note, had been paid to the subscribers, on a pro rata
basis. In the event that we do not consummate a business combination by the Maturity Date, the Notes will be repaid only from amounts
remaining outside of our Trust Account, if any. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, in connection with the Merger Agreement
(as defined below) a majority of the holders of the Notes and Subscription Warrants have agreed to exchange such Notes and Subscription
Warrants pursuant to the terms of an exchange agreement with Viveon dated as of May 1, 2023 (the Exchange Agreement for a separate
series of Clearday senior convertible promissory notes (the Clearday Senior Convertible Notes ). The Clearday
Senior Convertible Notes bear 8 interest per annum and mature upon the earlier of (i) June 30, 2024, or (ii) the date of any Change in
Control. Upon the consummation of the business combination and the exchange of
the Subscription Agreements for the Clearday Senior Convertible Notes, the lenders will forfeit their Subscription Warrants as part of
the exchange. One lender has
chosen not to convert to Clearday Senior Convertible Notes. The balance owed to this lender under the Notes is considered due upon demand
by the lender. As of the date of this filing of this Annual Report the lender has not requested payment of the Note. 

On
March 21, 2022, an initial amount of 2,700,000 was drawn down from the Notes. 720,000 of the loan proceeds was deposited into our
Trust Account in connection with extending the business combination completion window from March 28, 2022 until June 28, 2022. After
June 28, 2022, we elected to continue to extend such date until December 28, 2022 by making a monthly deposit of 240,000 into the
Trust Account each month for each monthly period until December 28, 2022. See section titled Extensions of Business
Combination Period and Amendments to Our Certificate of Incorporation of this Annual Report for further
detail. 

The
entry into the Subscription Agreement and the terms of the Notes and Subscription Warrants was approved by the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company at a meeting held on March 21, 2022. 

The
foregoing descriptions of the Note, the Subscription Warrant and the Subscription Agreement are qualified in their entirety by
reference to the full text of the Note, the Subscription Warrant and the Subscription Agreement, which are incorporated by reference
into this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.15, Exhibit 10.16 and Exhibit 10.17, respectively. The foregoing description of the Exchange Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Exchange Agreement
which filed as Exhibit 10.21 to this Annual Report. 

Our Sponsor
agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 500,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory
note (the IPO Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2021 or the
completion of the Initial Public Offering. On January 13, 2021, we paid the 228,758 balance on the note from the proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering. We no longer have the ability to borrow under the IPO Note. 

Our Chief
Financial Officer loaned the Company 75,000 to cover expenses related to ongoing operations, which was funded on December 27, 2022. This
loan is non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The loan agreement was
entered into on December 27, 2022. 

As of December 31,
2022, and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the loan was 75,000 and 0, respectively. Subsequent to December 31,
2022, our Chief Financial Officer loaned the Company an additional 555,000 through the date of this filing. These loans will be exchanged
for Clearday Senior Convertible Notes upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

Our Chief
Executive Officer of the Company loaned the Company 100,000 to cover expenses related to ongoing operations, which was funded on April
2, 2023. This loan is non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The loan
agreement was entered into on April 2, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the loan
was 0, respectively. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, three investors in our Sponsor, loaned the Company 100,000 in the aggregate, to cover expenses
related to ongoing operations, funded on April 5, 2023, and April 7, 2023 . 
These loans are non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The loan agreements
were entered into on April 5, 2023, and April 7, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the
loans was 0, respectively. 

On
May 12, 2023, the Company entered into an unsecured promissory note with Clearday (the Clearday Note ). The
Clearday Note is non-interest bearing mature upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the issuance date and (ii) December 31,
2022. Proceeds provided to us under the Clearday Note through the filing date were approximately 881,710 during fiscal year 2023. Funds
in the Trust Account may not be used to repay the obligations under the Clearday Note. We used such funds for general working capital
purposes. A copy of the Clearday Note is incorporated as Exhibit 10.22 of this Annual Report, and all references herein to the Clearday
Note are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement. 

Delinquent
SEC Filings 

As
previously reported in a Form 12b-25 Notification of Late Filing filed the Company on May 16, 2022, the Company was delayed in filing
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31, 2022 (the Form 10-Q because the financial statements could not be completed in sufficient
time to solicit and obtain the necessary review of the Form 10-Q in a timely fashion prior to the due date of the report. 

As
of May 23, 2022 the Company remained unable to file the Form 10-Q. As a result, on May 24, 2022, in accordance with standard
procedures related to the delayed filing of the Form 10-Q with the SEC, the Company received a late filer notification from the New
York Stock Exchange stating that the Company is not in compliance with the NYSE American s continued listing requirements
under the timely filing criteria established in the NYSE American Company Guide. Under Section 1007 of the NYSE American Company
Guide, the Company could be granted up to 12 months to cure the late filer deficiency. The initial six month period to regain
compliance is automatic and the additional six months is only granted upon request by the Company and approval by the NYSE. The NYSE
notice has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s securities on the NYSE American. On June 13, 2022,
the Company filed its 10-Q and fully regained compliance with the NYSE American s continued listing requirements. 

On
April 18, 2023, the Company received a notice letter (the Notice from the NYSE Regulation Department (the
 Staff notifying the Company that, based upon the Company s failure to timely file its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report by the filing due date, April
17, 2023 (the Filing Delinquency ), it was not in compliance with the New York Stock Exchange American s
continued listing requirements. The Company is now subject to the procedures and requirements set forth in Section 1007 of the New York
Stock Exchange American NYSE American or the Exchange Company Guide (the Company
Guide ). 

As
indicated in the Notice, during the six-month period from the date of the Filing Delinquency (the Initial Cure Period ),
the Exchange will monitor the Company and the status of the Delinquent Report and any subsequent delayed filings, including through contact
with the Company, until the Filing Delinquency is cured. If the Company fails to cure the Filing Delinquency within the Initial Cure
Period, the Exchange may, in the Exchange s sole discretion, allow the Company s securities to be traded for up to an additional
six-month period (the Additional Cure Period depending on the Company s specific circumstances. If
the Exchange determines that an Additional Cure Period is not appropriate, suspension and delisting procedures will commence in accordance
with the procedures set out in Section 1010 of the Company Guide. If the Exchange determines that an Additional Cure Period of up to
six months is appropriate and the Company fails to file its delinquent report and any subsequent delayed filings by the end of that period,
suspension and delisting procedures will generally commence. 

The
NYSE American may in its sole discretion decide (i) not to afford an issuer any Initial Cure Period or Additional Cure Period, as the
case may be, at all or (ii) at any time during the Initial Cure Period or Additional Cure Period, to truncate the Initial Cure Period
or Additional Cure Period, as the case may be, and immediately commence suspension and delisting procedures if the issuer is subject
to delisting pursuant to any other provision of the Company Guide, including if the Exchange believes, in the Exchange s sole discretion,
that continued listing and trading of an issuer s securities on the Exchange is inadvisable or unwarranted in accordance with Sections
1001-1006 of the Company Guide. 

During
the Initial Cure Period and the Additional Cure Period, if applicable, the Company s securities will continue to trade on the Exchange,
subject to the Company s compliance with other continued listing requirements, with a late filer .LF indicator.
The .LF indicator will be removed when the Company has regained compliance with all applicable continued listing standards. 

As
previously reported by the Company in its Form 12b-25 filed with the SEC
on each of March 31, 2023, May 15, 2023 and August 14, 2023, the Company required additional time to finalize its financial statements. 

6 

Recent
Developments 

Merger
Agreement with Clearday 

On
April 5, 2023, we entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement ), with Clearday, Inc., a
Delaware corporation Clearday VHAC2 Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation New Merger
Sub ), and our Sponsor in the capacity as the representative from and after the Effective Time (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) for the stockholders of Viveon (other than the Clearday Stockholders (as defined in the Merger Agreement)) as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time (and their successors and assigns) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement, and Clearday SR LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in the capacity as the representative from and after the
Effective Time for the holders of Clearday Preferred Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement) as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time (and their successors and assigns) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to
the terms of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between us and Clearday will be effected through the merger of New Merger
Sub with and into Clearday, with Clearday surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of ours and we will change our name to
 Clearday Holdings, Inc. (the Merger ). Our board of directors has (i) approved and declared
advisable the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval
of the Merger Agreement, the Merger and related transactions by our stockholders. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined
shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement. 

Consideration 

Merger
Consideration 

The
total consideration to be paid at Closing (the Merger Consideration by us to Clearday security holders (and
holders who have the right to acquire Clearday capital stock) will be an amount equal to 250 Million (plus the aggregate exercise price
for all Clearday options and warrants). The Merger Consideration will be payable in shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
of our common stock, valued at 10 per share. 

Earnout
Payments 

In
addition, the holders of Clearday preferred stock will have the contingent right to earn up to 5,000,000 shares of our common stock,
in the aggregate (the Earnout Shares ), if at any time during the period beginning on the date of the Closing
(the Closing Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date (the Earnout Eligibility
Period ), the Adjusted Net Income (as defined below) for any Earnout Period is a positive number for the first time during
the Earnout Eligibility Period (the Earnout Milestone ). Under the Merger Agreement, Adjusted Net Income means
for any Earnout Period, the consolidated net income or loss for such period calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP applied on a basis
consistent with past practice, of (a) for periods prior to the Closing, the Company and its subsidiaries (the Company Group ),
and (b) for periods from and after the Closing, of us and our subsidiaries (including the Company Group), in each case before adjusting
for the following to the extent deducted/added in calculating consolidated net income or loss: (1) interest expense/income; (2) income
tax expense/tax credits; (3) depreciation and amortization; (4) transaction expenses; (5) extraordinary items; (6) any income or loss
attributable to us that accrues in accordance with U.S. GAAP on or prior to the Closing Date; and (7) all gains or losses in connection
with sales or dispositions of assets and investments not in the ordinary course of business. 

If,
following the Closing Date and prior to end of the Earnout Eligibility Period, there is a Change of Control, then, immediately prior
to such Change of Control, all the Earnout Shares not yet earned shall be earned by the Clearday Earnout Holders and shall be released
from escrow and delivered to the Clearday Earnout Holders, and the Clearday Earnout Holders shall be eligible to participate in such
Change of Control transaction with respect to such Earnout Shares. 

7 

The
Earnout Shares will be placed in escrow and will not be released from escrow until they are earned as a result of the occurrence of the
Earnout Milestone or a Change of Control, if applicable. The Earnout Shares that are not earned on or before the expiration of the Earnout
Eligibility Period shall be automatically forfeited and cancelled. 

Treatment
of Clearday Securities 

Cancellation
of Securities. Each share of Clearday capital stock, if any, that is owned by Viveon, New Merger Sub, Clearday, or any of
their subsidiaries (as treasury stock or otherwise) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective
Time ), will automatically be cancelled and retired without any conversion or consideration. 

Preferred
Stock. At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of Clearday s Series F Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value 0.001 per share Clearday Series F Preferred Stock (other than any such shares of Clearday
capital stock cancelled as described above and any dissenting shares), will be converted into the right to receive: (A) one (1) share
of Parent New Series F Preferred Stock plus (B) a number of Earnout Shares in accordance with, and subject to the contingencies, set
forth in the Merger Agreement. 

Each
issued and outstanding share of Clearday s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share Clearday
Series A Preferred Stock (other than any such shares of Clearday capital stock cancelled as described above and any dissenting
shares), will be converted into the right to receive: (A) one (1) share of Parent New Series A Preferred Stock plus (B) a number of Earnout
Shares in accordance with, and subject to the contingencies, set forth in the Merger Agreement. 

Common
Stock. At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of Clearday s common stock, par value 0.001 per share Clearday Common Stock (other than any such shares of Clearday capital stock cancelled as described above
and any dissenting shares) will be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Viveon Common Stock equal to the Conversion
Ratio. The Conversion Ratio as defined in the Merger Agreement means an amount equal to (a)(i) the sum of 250 Million,
plus the aggregate exercise or conversion price of outstanding Clearday s stock options and warrants (excluding unvested options
and options or warrants with an exercise or conversion price of 5.00 or more), divided by (ii) the number of fully diluted Clearday
capital stock (including Company Preferred Stock, warrants, stock options, convertible notes, and any other convertible securities) (excluding
unvested options and options or warrants with an exercise or conversion price of 5.00 or more and assuming a conversion price of Clearday
subsidiary securities as provided in the Merger Agreement); divided by (b) 10.00. 

Merger
Sub Securities. Each share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of New Merger Sub issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into and become one newly issued share of common stock of the surviving
corporation. 

Stock
Options. At the Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Clearday Common Stock will be converted into an
option to purchase, subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such options prior to the Effective
Time, shares of Viveon Common Stock equal to the number of shares subject to such option prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the
Conversion Ratio, at an exercise price per share of Viveon Common Stock equal to the exercise price per share of Clearday Common Stock
subject to such option divided by the Conversion Ratio. 

Warrants.
 Contingent on and effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of Clearday
Preferred Stock or Clearday Common Stock will be treated in accordance with the terms thereof. 

8 

Convertible
Notes . Contingent on and effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, Clearday s convertible notes outstanding
as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be treated in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such
convertible notes. 

Subsidiary
Capital Stock . At and as of the Effective Time, the Subsidiary Capital Stock will remain in full force and effect with the right
to acquire the Company Common Stock with such adjustments noted in the terms of such Subsidiary Capital Stock. 

Representations
and Warranties 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to, among other things, (a) corporate
existence and power, (b) authorization to enter into the Merger Agreement and related transactions; subsidiaries, (c) governmental authorization,
(d) non-contravention, (e) capitalization, (f) corporate records, (g) consents, (h) financial statements, (i) internal accounting controls,
(j) absence of certain changes, (k) properties; title to assets, (l) litigation, (m) material contracts, (n) licenses and permits, (o)
compliance with laws, (p) intellectual property, (q) privacy and data security, (r) employee matters and benefits, (s) tax matters, (t)
real property, (u) environmental laws, (v) finders fees, (w) directors and officers, (x) anti-money laundering laws, (y) insurance,
(z) related party transactions, and (aa) certain representations related to securities law and activity. Viveon has additional representations
and warranties, including (a) issuance of shares, (b) trust fund, (c) listing, (d) board approval, (e) SEC documents and financial statements,
(f) certain business practices, (g) expenses, indebtedness and other liabilities and (h) brokers and other advisors. 

Covenants 

The
Merger Agreement includes customary covenants of the parties with respect to operation of their respective businesses prior to consummation
of the Merger and efforts to satisfy conditions to consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement also contains additional covenants
of the parties, including, among others, access to information, cooperation in the preparation of the Registration Statement and Proxy
Statement (as each such terms are defined in the Merger Agreement) required to be filed in connection with the Merger and to obtain all
requisite approvals of each party s respective stockholders. Viveon and Clearday have each also agreed to include in the Proxy
Statement the recommendation of its respective board that its stockholders approve all of the proposals to be presented at its respective
special meeting. In addition, each of Viveon and Clearday have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit and finalize
definitive documentation for a committed equity in an aggregate amount that, together with the funds in the Trust Account after giving
effect to potential redemptions from Viveon s public stockholders, together with financing programs available to Clearday after
the Closing, will provide to Clearday working capital to meet its short-term commercial development goals. 

Viveon
has also agreed to prepare a proxy statement to seek the approval of its stockholders (the Extension Proposal to amend its organizational documents to extend the period of time Viveon is afforded under its organizational documents and IPO prospectus
to consummate an initial business combination for an additional three months, from June 30,2023 to September 30, 2023 (or such earlier
date as Viveon and Clearday may agree in writing). 

Each
party s representations, warranties and pre-Closing covenants will not survive Closing and no party has any post-Closing indemnification
obligations. 

Viveon
Equity Incentive Plan 

Viveon
has agreed to approve and adopt an equity incentive plan (the Incentive Plan to be effective as of the Closing
and in a form mutually acceptable to Viveon and Clearday, subject to approval of the Incentive Plan by the Viveon stockholders. The Incentive
Plan will provide for an initial aggregate share reserve equal to 8 of the number of shares of Viveon Common Stock issued and outstanding
at the Closing and an evergreen provision that is mutually agreeable to Viveon and Clearday will provide for an automatic
increase on the first day of each fiscal year in the number of shares available for issuance under the Incentive Plan as mutually determined
by Viveon and Clearday. 

9 

Non-Solicitation
Restrictions 

Each
of Viveon and Clearday has agreed that from the date of the Merger Agreement to the Effective Time or, if earlier, the valid termination
of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, it will not initiate any negotiations with any party relating to an Alternative
Transaction (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) or enter into any agreement relating to such a proposal, other than as
expressly excluded from the definition of an Alternative Transaction. Each of Viveon and Clearday has also agreed to be responsible for
any acts or omissions of any of its respective representatives that, if they were the acts or omissions of Viveon and Clearday, as applicable,
would be deemed a breach of the party s obligations with respect to these non-solicitation restrictions. 

Conditions
to Closing 

The
consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the absence of any applicable law or order restraining, prohibiting
or imposing any condition on the consummation of the Merger and related transactions, (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting
period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iii) receipt of any consent, approval or authorization
required by any Authority (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (iv) Viveon having net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 (as determined
in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act), unless Viveon s amended and restated certificate of incorporation shall
have been amended to remove such requirement prior to or concurrently with the Closing, (v) approval by Clearday s stockholders
of the Merger and related transactions, (vi) approval by Viveon s stockholders of the Merger and related transactions, (vii) the
conditional approval for listing by NYSE American (or an alternate exchange) of the shares of Viveon Common Stock to be issued in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and satisfaction of initial and continued listing requirements, and (viii)
the Registration Statement becoming effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities
Act ). 

Solely
with respect to Viveon and New Merger Sub, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) Clearday
having duly performed or complied with all of its obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (ii) the
representations and warranties of Clearday, other than certain fundamental representations as defined in the Merger Agreement, being
true and correct in all respects unless failure would not have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) on Clearday or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) certain fundamental representations, as defined in
the Merger Agreement, being true and correct in all respects, other than de minimis inaccuracies, (iv) no event having
occurred that would result in a Material Adverse Effect on Clearday or any of its subsidiaries, (v) Clearday and its securityholders
having executed and delivered to Viveon each Additional Agreement (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to which they each are a
party and (vi) Clearday delivering certain certificates to Viveon. 

Solely
with respect to Clearday, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) Viveon and New Merger Sub
having duly performed or complied with all of their respective obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (ii)
the representations and warranties of Viveon and New Merger Sub, other than certain fundamental representations as defined in the
Merger Agreement, being true and correct in all respects unless failure to be true and correct would not have or reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Viveon or New Merger Sub and their ability to consummate the Merger and related
transactions, (iii) certain fundamental representations, as defined in the Merger Agreement, being true and correct in all respects,
other than de minimis inaccuracies, (iv) no event having occurred that would result in a Material Adverse Effect on Viveon or New
Merger Sub, (v) the Amended Parent Charter (as defined in the Merger Agreement) being filed with, and declared effective by, the
Delaware Secretary of State, (vi) Viveon delivering certain certificates to Clearday, (vii) the size and composition of the
post-Closing board of directors of Viveon having been appointed as set forth in the Merger Agreement and (viii) Viveon, Viveon
Health LLC and other stockholders, as applicable, having executed and delivered to Clearday each Additional Agreement to which they
each are a party. 

10 

Termination 

The
Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time as follows: 

(i)
by either Viveon or Clearday, if (A) the Merger and related transactions are not consummated on or before the latest of (i) June 30,
2023, (ii) if the Extension Proposal is approved, September 30, 2023 and (iii) if one or more extensions to a date following September
30, 2023 are obtained at the election of Viveon, with Viveon stockholder vote, in accordance with the Viveon s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, the last date for Viveon to consummate a business combination pursuant to such extensions; and (B) the
material breach or violation of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation under the Merger Agreement by the party seeking
to terminate the Merger Agreement was not the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or before the Outside
Closing Date, without liability to the other party; 

(ii)
by either Viveon or Clearday, if any Authority has issued any final decree, order, judgment, award, injunction, rule or consent or enacted
any law, having the effect of permanently enjoining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, provided that, the party seeking to
terminate cannot have breached its obligations under the Merger Agreement and such breach was a substantial cause of, or substantially
resulted in, such action by the Authority; and 

(iii)
by mutual written consent of Viveon and Clearday duly authorized by each of their respective boards of directors. 

The
Merger Agreement and other agreements described below have been included to provide investors with information regarding their respective
terms. They are not intended to provide any other factual information about Viveon, Clearday or the other parties thereto. In particular,
the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement were made as of a specified date, are modified
or qualified by information in one or more disclosure letters prepared in connection with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement,
may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to investors, or may have been
used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement
are not necessarily characterizations of the actual state of facts about Viveon, Clearday or the other parties thereto at the time they
were made or otherwise and should only be read in conjunction with the other information that Viveon or Clearday makes publicly available
in reports, statements and other documents filed with the SEC. Viveon and Clearday investors and securityholders are not third-party
beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement. 

Certain
Related Agreements 

Parent
Support Agreements . Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Viveon, Clearday and the Sponsor and the officers
and directors of Viveon entered into a support agreement (the Parent Support Agreement pursuant to which
the Sponsor and the officers and directors of Viveon have agreed to vote all shares of Viveon common stock beneficially owned by them,
including any additional shares of Viveon they acquire ownership of or the power to vote: (i) in favor of the Merger and related transactions,
(ii) against any action reasonably be expected to impede, delay, or materially and adversely affect the Merger and related transactions,
and (iii) in favor of an extension of the period of time Viveon is afforded to consummate an initial business combination. 

Company
Support Agreements . Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Viveon, Clearday and certain stockholders of Clearday
entered into a support agreement (the Company Support Agreement ), pursuant to which such Clearday stockholders
have agreed to vote all common and preferred stock of Clearday beneficially owned by them, including any additional shares of Clearday
they acquire ownership of or the power to vote, in favor of the Merger and related transactions and against any action reasonably be
expected to impede, delay, or materially and adversely affect the Merger and related transactions. 

11 

Lock-Up
Agreements. In connection with the Closing, certain Clearday stockholders will each agree, subject to certain customary exceptions,
not to (i) offer, sell contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Lockup Shares, (ii) enter into a
transaction that would have the same effect, (iii) enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part,
any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Shares or otherwise, (iv) engage in any short sales or other arrangement
with respect to the Lock-Up Shares or (v) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i), (ii) or
(iii) until the date that is six months after the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period ). The term Lockup
Shares mean the Merger Consideration Shares and the Earnout Shares, if any, whether or not earned prior to the end of the Lock-up
Period, together with any other shares of Viveon Common Stock, and including any securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, or
representing the rights to receive Viveon Common Stock, if any, acquired during the Lock-up Period. If the closing price of Viveon Common
Stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the Closing Date, 50 of the Lock-up Shares will be released from the lock-up.
The existing escrow provisions of Viveon Common Stock held by certain stockholders will remain in effect. 

Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. At the Closing, Viveon will enter into an amended and restated registration rights
agreement (the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement with certain existing stockholders of
Viveon and Clearday with respect to their shares of Viveon Common Stock acquired before or pursuant to the Merger, and including the
shares issuable on conversion of the warrants issued to the Sponsor in connection with Viveon s initial public offering and any
shares issuable on conversion of loans or other convertible securities. The agreement amends and restates the registration rights agreement
Viveon entered into on December 22, 2020 in connection with its initial public offering. Subject to the Lock-Up Agreements described
above, the holders of a majority of the shares held by the existing Viveon stockholders, and the holders of a majority of the shares
held by the Clearday stockholders will each be entitled to make one demand that the Company register such securities for resale under
the Securities Act, or two demands each if Viveon is eligible to use Form S-3 or a similar short-form registration statement. In addition,
the holders will have certain piggy-back registration rights that require Viveon to include such securities in registration
statements that Viveon otherwise files. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement
provisions resulting from delays in registering Viveon s securities. Viveon will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

The
foregoing descriptions of agreements and the transactions and documents contemplated thereby are not complete and are subject to and
qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, form of Parent Support Agreement, form of Company Support Agreement,
form of Lock-Up Agreement, and form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which were filed on April 11, 2023
with a Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 2.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, and 10.4, respectively, and the terms of which are incorporated
by reference herein. 

General 

We
are a Delaware blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial
business combination. Although we are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating an initial
business combination, we intend to focus on businesses that have their primary operations located in North America in the healthcare
industry, and specifically in the medical technology and medical device sectors. As disclosed in our prospectus, although our management
has significant experience in the orthopedic and spine marketplace, they also have extensive operating and transaction experiences in
the medical technology sector as managers, investors, acquirors, and sellers and will use that experience to consider target companies
in emerging growth medical technology and medical device companies that may be focused in areas outside of orthopedics and spine. 

12 

Consistent
with our strategy, we have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. Although we may decide to enter
into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the criteria described below, it is our intention to
acquire companies that we believe: 

have
 a clinical or other competitive advantage in the markets in which they operate and which can benefit from access to additional capital
 as well as our industry relationships and expertise; 

will
 likely be well received by public investors and experience substantial increase in valuation as a result of a public listing and
 access to the public markets; 

are
 ready to be public, with strong management, corporate governance and reporting policies in place; 

have
 significant embedded and/or underexploited growth opportunities that will drive value; 

growing
 at or above industry market rates; 

will
 offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our stockholders. 

We
may use other criteria as well. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based on these
general criteria as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

We
believe that emerging growth medical technology companies will realize a material benefit from being publicly-traded, including greater
access to capital to support innovation and sales channel expansion, having available liquid securities which can be utilized for acquisitions,
and increased market and customer awareness. 

Many
of these companies that are highly innovative and are experiencing high growth have few options to reach their full potential. While
a traditional IPO could, in theory, provide a meaningful avenue for these companies to access capital and accelerate their growth, the
relatively high risk and expense associated with a traditional initial public offering and the negative consequences of an unsuccessful
public offering represent meaningful barriers to many companies in our target sector to pursuing a traditional IPO. Accordingly, we believe
that the increased visibility and acceptance of going-public mergers with special purpose acquisition companies like us may enhance our
ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

We
believe an acquisition by a special purpose acquisition company, like ours, can provide an efficient liquidity and capital-raising mechanism
while materially reducing the risks and expenses associated with a traditional IPO. Furthermore, we believe our management team is well-known
to, and respected by, the founders, management, and shareholders of private medical technology companies and that our leadership s
reputation will be a competitive advantage in attracting high quality targets for our business combination. Our management team and board
of directors have an extensive operating and transaction experiences in the medical technology sector as manager, investors, acquirors,
and sellers. We intend to leverage this experience and network to identify a target company and to deliver operational and economic benefit
from a business combination. 

Our
Management Team 

Jagi
Gill, PhD is our Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Gill has more than 20 years of healthcare investment and general management experience.
From 2017 to 2020, he served as the Vice-President of Business Development and General Manager of AcuVentures, a business unit within
Acumed LLC, a Berkshire Hathaway Company. Acumed LLC is a market leader in the orthopedic sector with particular strength in the upper
extremity fracture repair and trauma market segments. As the General Manager, Dr. Gill led two business units, Rib Fixation and the Soft
Tissue Repair, with responsibilities for product development, sales, marketing and profitability. Under his leadership, the business
units grew 2-3x faster than their market segment. In addition to general management responsibilities, Dr. Gill was involved in sourcing,
closing and integrating four acquisitions within the orthopedic sector for Acumed. These transactions ranged from technology acquisitions
serving as tuck-in product integrations to stand alone companies with global revenue. From 2009 to 2017, he was the Founder, Chief Executive
Officer and Board Member of Tenex Health a privately held orthopedic sports medicine company. In this capacity he patented, designed
and developed the initial platform technology intended to treat chronic tendon pain. Under his leadership, Tenex Health launched commercially,
generated positive operating income, secured FDA regulatory approval, developed a manufacturing and operations infrastructure, and established
sales channels serving the outpatient Ambulatory Surgery Centers. Before founding Tenex Health, Dr. Gill was the Founder and Chief Executive
Officer of OrthoCor, a company providing non-invasive pain management technology, from 2007 to 2009, while also serving on an advisory
and consulting capacity to a number of medical technology companies. OrthoCor developed and commercialized orthopedic knee braces integrating
pulsed electromagnetic technology to address chronic pain associated with trauma or osteoarthritis. Prior to this, he served in executive
business development roles for Boston Scientific Corporation from 2001 to 2007 where he was involved in sourcing and supporting the acquisition
of private companies which collectively accounted for more than 750 million in enterprise value. While at Boston Scientific, he was
involved in the investments in, and acquisition of, the following private companies: Advanced Bionics (implantable neurostimulation),
Cameron Health (implantable cardiac rhythm management), Innercool (systemic hypothermia for recovery from cardiac arrest), Orqis Medical
(heart failure treatment) and Kerberos (endovascular thrombectomy). Dr. Gill completed his BSc and MSc in Anatomy from McGill University
and PhD in Neuroscience from Mayo Clinic College of Medicine. We believe we will be able to capitalize on Dr. Gill s experience
and accomplishments in the orthopedic and spine markets, along with his relationships among executives in the target companies, their
supply chains, and their customer networks, to successfully close a business combination. 

13 

Rom
Papadopoulos, M.D. is our Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Papadopoulos has more than 25 years of healthcare investment and operational experience.
From 2006 to June 2020, Dr. Papadopoulos was the Founder and Sole Proprietor of Intuitus Capital, a private equity firm actively investing
in the healthcare sector. At Intuitus, he led investments in more than 30 companies with a total of more than 700 million in enterprise
value. Prior to founding Intuitus Capital, Dr. Papadopoulos was Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operations Officer, Corporate Executive
Vice President and Corporate Secretary of Global Energy Holdings (NYSE Amex: GNH). While at GNH, he created and executed the company s
repositioning from traditional markets to renewable energy. He was responsible for coordinating all aspects of the financial management
of the company including cash management and treasury, risk management, audit functions, SEC reporting and compliance as well as HR functions
and employee policies. Dr. Papadopoulos was an early investor in Tenex Health Inc., a medical device company engaged in the manufacturing
and sale of minimally invasive high frequency technology used to perform percutaneous tenotomy and fasciotomy. He eventually became the
interim CFO for the company until September 2013. In this capacity, he was an integral part of the team seeking and completing acquisitions
for the company. From 2002 to 2006, Dr. Papadopoulos was the Managing Director and head of healthcare investment banking for Caymus Partners,
a middle market investment banking firm. Dr. Papadopoulos received his medical degree (M.D.) from the Aristotelian University of Thessaloniki,
Greece, Medical School in 1985 and conducted his post-graduate training in Pediatrics at Emory University in 1986. We believe that Dr.
Papadopoulos is qualified to sit on our board due to his years of experience in the healthcare industry, as a clinician as well as an
investor who possesses unique insight into medical technology assets, in addition to his strong financial credentials. 

Demetrios
(Jim) G. Logothetis, is one of our directors and served as Senior Advisor in the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
Office of the Assistant Secretary and Chief Financial Officer where he led the Audit Coordination Committee for Ginnie Mae, a
government corporation within HUD from May 2020 to November 2020. Mr. Logothetis retired from Ernst Young (EY) effective in
June 2019 extending three years beyond normal retirement at the request of the EY Executive Board. Throughout his forty-year career
with EY, from January 1979 to June 2019, Mr. Logothetis served some of EY s largest global clients as lead audit partner, and
fulfilled senior leadership roles within the firm, from offices in Chicago, Frankfurt Germany, New York, London England, and
Atlanta. As of May 2023, Mr. Logothetis has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the Republic Bank of Chicago. Mr.
Logothetis has served over the years on the boards of several non-profit organizations, including The National Board of the Boys
 Girls Clubs of Americas where he served on the audit committee; The Archbishop Lakovos Leadership 100 Endowment Fund where he
serves as Chairman, The American College of Greece where he served as Chairman of the Board of Trustees; Global Economics where he
serves as a member of the advisory board and Cross-Country Consulting where he serves as a member of the advisory board, National
Hellenic Museum where he serves on the Board. Mr. Logothetis is the founder and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Hellenic American Academy, one of the largest Greek American
schools in the United States; and founding Chairman of the Foundation for Hellenic Education and Culture. Mr. Logothetis holds an
M.B.A. degree in Accounting, Finance and International Business from The University of Chicago Booth Graduate School of Business and
a B.S.C degree in Accountancy from DePaul University. Mr. Logothetis is also a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified
Management Accountant. Mr. Logothetis has taught many EY training programs as well as graduate accounting classes at DePaul
University. Mr. Logothetis served for several years on the DePaul University, Richard H. Driehaus College of Business advisory
council, and since 2017 on the board of Trustees of the University as vice-chair, and then chair of the audit committee and member
of the finance committee. Mr. Logothetis has also served as a member of the Trusteeship and Finance Committees for DePaul
University. 

14 

Brian
Cole MD, MBA is one of our directors, and the Managing Partner of Midwest Orthopedics at Rush in Chicago, the lead executive for this
large specialty practice which is consistently ranked as one of the top orthopedic groups by US News World Report. Dr. Cole is
a Professor in the Department of Orthopedics with a conjoint appointment in the Department of Anatomy and Cell Biology at Rush University
Medical Center. In 2015, he was appointed as an Associate-Chairman of the Department of Orthopedics at Rush. In 2011, he was appointed
as Chairman of Surgery at Rush Oak Park Hospital. He is the Section Head of the Cartilage Research and Restoration Center at Rush specializing
in the treatment of arthritis in young active patients with a focus on regenerative medicine and biologic alternatives to surgery. He
also serves as the head of the Orthopedic Master s Training Program and trains residents and fellows in sports medicine and research.
He lectures nationally and internationally and holds several leadership positions in prominent sports medicine societies. Through his
basic science and clinical research, he has developed several innovative techniques with several patents for the treatment of shoulder,
elbow and knee conditions. He has published more than 1,000 articles and 10 widely read textbooks in orthopedics and regenerative medicine.
In addition to his academic accomplishments, Dr. Cole currently serves in many senior leadership roles in organizations such as President
of the Arthroscopy Association of North America, President of the Ortho-regeneration Network Foundation, and Secretary General (Presidential-line)
International Cartilage Repair Society. Dr. Cole is frequently chosen as one of the Best Doctors in America since 2004
and as a Top Doctor in the Chicago metro area since 2003. In 2006, he was featured on the cover of Chicago Magazine as
 Chicago s Top Doctor and was selected as NBA Team Physician of the Year in 2009. Orthopedics This Week has named
Dr. Cole as one of the top 20 sports medicine, knee and shoulder specialists repeatedly over the last 5 years as selected by his peers.
He is the head team physician for the Chicago Bulls NBA team, co-team physician for the Chicago White Sox MLB team and DePaul University
in Chicago. Dr. Cole was awarded his medical degree from the University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine and his MBA from the University
of Chicago Booth School of Business. He completed his residency in Orthopedic Surgery at the Hospital for Special Surgery Cornell
Medical Center in New York and his fellowship in Sports Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh. 

Doug
Craft is one of our directors, and the Chief Executive Officer of Atlanta-based Medicraft, Inc., which is one of the largest independent
agents for Medtronic, the world leader in medical technology and pioneering therapies. He has devoted his entire career to the medical
industry, initially concentrating in the sale of spinal implants, which he continues today. Mr. Craft has extensive relationships with
health care systems, surgeons and other senior health care professionals across the nation. Over the past three decades his commercial
interests have expanded to include evaluating, consulting and developing businesses in the medical field generally, including but not
limited to neuro-intraoperative monitoring, biologic agents, orthopedic reconstruction implants, surgical navigation systems, regenerative
kidney technology, trans-catheter cardiac valves and spinal implant device design. He has funded and started over 12 businesses in the
Orthopedic, Spine and Neurological segments such as Biocraft Inc, Orthocraft Inc, Neurocraft Inc, Pharmacraft, Premier Medical Systems,
and Diamond Orthopedics. Early in his career, he was one of the first agents for Danek a publicly traded spinal implant company which
merged with Sofamor to become Sofamor-Danek and relisting on the NYSE. Sofamor-Danek was acquired by Medtronic in 1999 for 3.7 billion.
Mr. Craft is a highly experienced entrepreneur who is continually exploring opportunities to multiply investments in medical businesses
and technologies. Mr. Craft earned a B.S. degree in biomedical engineering from Mississippi State University, and is a Distinguished
Fellow of the College of Engineering at Mississippi State University. 

Acquisition
Strategy 

We
believe our management team is well positioned to identify unique opportunities within the healthcare industry, and more specifically
in the medical technology and medical device industry. Our selection process will leverage our relationships within the industry particularly
with leading venture capitalists and growth equity funds, executives of private and public companies, as well as leading investment banking
firms, which we believe should provide us with a key competitive advantage in sourcing potential business combination targets. Furthermore,
members of our board of directors will augment the selection process through their robust relationships. Given our profile and dedicated
industry approach, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, and
in particular investors in other private and public companies in our networks. 

Our
strategy is to utilize the experience and relationships of our management and board to identify target businesses that are exhibiting
rapid growth, technology and service innovation, and positive income that would benefit from the opportunity for substantial revenue
and profit expansion. 

15 

We
believe that target companies under this indicative will experience a substantial increase in value as a result of a public listing which
brings access to the public markets to capitalize innovation, achieve added public visibility that can help expand sales channels, and
provide flexibility to support additional substantial acquisitions in the highly fragmented medical technology and medical device market. 

We
believe an acquisition by a special purpose acquisition company, like us, can provide an efficient liquidity and capital-raising mechanism
while materially reducing the risks and expenses associated with a traditional IPO. Furthermore, we believe our management team is well-known
to, and respected by, the founders, management, and shareholders of private medical technology companies and that our leadership s
reputations will be a competitive advantage in attracting high quality targets for our business combination. Our management team and
board of directors have extensive operating and transaction experiences in the medical technology sector as manager, investors, acquirors,
and sellers. We intend to leverage this experience and network to identify a target company and to deliver operational and economic benefit
from a business combination. 

Investment
Criteria 

Consistent
with our strategy, we have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. Although we may decide to enter
into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the criteria described below, it is our intention to
acquire companies that we believe: 

have
 a clinical or other competitive advantage in the markets in which they operate and which can benefit from access to additional capital
 as well as our industry relationships and expertise; 

will
 likely be well received by public investors and experience substantial increase in valuation as a result of a public listing and
 access to the public markets; 

are
 ready to be public, with strong management, corporate governance and reporting policies in place; 

will
 be able to take full advantage of the use of public securities as a means to engage in further substantial acquisitions in the highly
 fragmented medical technology and device industry; 

have
 significant embedded and/or underexploited growth opportunities that will drive value; 

growing
 at or above industry market rates; and 

will
 offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our stockholders. 

We
may use other criteria as well. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based on these
general criteria as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

Industry
Opportunity 

We
believe the healthcare industry, particularly the life sciences and medical technology sectors, represents an enormous and growing target
market with a large number of potential target acquisition opportunities. In 2018, total U.S. national health expenditures exceeded 3.6
trillion, and the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services estimated that total healthcare spending accounted for approximately 18 
of total U.S. Gross Domestic Product. 

While
most of the companies in our target sector of medical technology companies are domiciled in the United States, many have also begun to
expand their commercial footprint globally, which delivers an opportunity to further extend their commercial reach. The regional distribution
of the global market is primarily divided into North America (44 ), Asia/Pacific (23 ), Western Europe (22 ), and all other areas (11 ),
according to 2020 analysis by MarketResearch.com. Of these segments, the Asia/Pacific market is expected to grow most rapidly at more
than 6 CAGR. The enhanced growth rate in the Asia/Pacific segment is attributed to the increase in healthcare facilities primarily in
emerging markets as well as expansion by local medical technology companies serving the region that also have expansion plans to enter
the North American and Western European markets. These regionally based medical technology companies will serve as targets for our business
combination. 

16 

Effecting
a Business Combination 

General 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of the private warrants, our shares, new
debt, or a combination of these, as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to consummate our initial
business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth (such
as a company that has begun operations but is not yet at the stage of commercial manufacturing and sales), which would subject us to
the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination
with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using shares or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account
are used for payment of the purchase price in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our Common
Stock, we may apply the cash released to us from the Trust Account that is not applied to the purchase price for general corporate purposes,
including for maintenance or expansion of operations of acquired businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in consummating our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

Since
the consummation of the IPO, we have focused on identifying, doing due diligence on and speaking to management of potential target companies
in a variety of markets within the medical technology sector of the healthcare industry in the United States and other developed countries.
Subject to the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter
into such initial business combination, we have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective
target businesses. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the consummation of our
initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than
using the amounts held in the Trust Account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would consummate such financing
only simultaneously with the consummation of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets
other than the Trust Account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose
the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or the NYSE American stock exchange, we would seek stockholder approval of such
financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business
combination. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

Our
process of identifying acquisition targets leverages our management team s unique industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities
and broad and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups
and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants,
restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination
opportunities. We expect that the collective experience, capability and network of our founders, directors and officers, combined with
their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, will help to create prospective business combination opportunities. 

We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers,
venture capital funds, private equity groups, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community.
Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or
mailings. These sources also may introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis,
since many of these sources will have read this Annual Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors,
as well as their affiliates, also may bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business
contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. 

17 

In
addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us
as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of
professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other
individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an
arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines
that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited
basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is
customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account.
Although some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the acquired business following our
initial business combination, the presence or absence of any such arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process
of an acquisition candidate. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would
obtain (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
on the type of target business we seek to acquire that such an initial business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders
from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and of our independent directors. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination 

Subject
to the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair
market value of at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into
such initial business combination, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more
prospective target businesses. In any case, we will only consummate an initial business combination in which we become the majority shareholder
of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes as
discussed below) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or to the extent
permitted by law we may acquire interests in a variable interest entity, in which we may have less than a majority of the voting rights
in such entity, but in which we are the primary beneficiary. There is no basis for our stockholders to evaluate the possible merits or
risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial
business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth (such
as a company that has begun operations but is not yet at the stage of commercial manufacturing and sales), we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities,
as well as a review of financial and other information which will be made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring
losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We will not pay any finders or consulting fees
to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial
business combination. 

18 

Fair
Market Value of Target Business or Businesses 

The
target business or businesses or assets with which we effect our initial business combination must have a collective fair market value
equal to at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such
initial business combination. If we acquire less than 100 of one or more target businesses in our initial business combination, the
aggregate fair market value of the portion or portions we acquire must equal at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (excluding
taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination. However, we will always acquire at least
a controlling interest in a target business. The fair market value of a portion of a target business or assets will likely be calculated
by multiplying the fair market value of the entire business by the percentage of the target we acquire. We may seek to consummate our
initial business combination with an initial target business or businesses with a collective fair market value in excess of the balance
in the Trust Account. In order to consummate such an initial business combination, we may issue a significant amount of debt, equity
or other securities to the sellers of such business and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt, equity
or other securities. If we issue securities in order to consummate such an initial business combination, our stockholders could end up
owning a minority of the combined company s voting securities as there is no requirement that our stockholders own a certain percentage
of our company (or, depending on the structure of the initial business combination, an ultimate parent company that may be formed) after
our business combination. Because we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not entered into any such arrangement
to issue our debt or equity securities and have no current intention of doing so. 

The
fair market value of a target business or businesses or assets will be determined by our board of directors based upon standards generally
accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential gross margins, the values of comparable businesses, earnings and cash
flow, book value, enterprise value and, where appropriate, upon the advice of appraisers or other professional consultants. Investors
will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used
to establish the fair market value of a particular target business. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine
that the target business or assets has a sufficient fair market value to meet the threshold criterion, we will obtain an opinion from
an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type
of target business we seek to acquire with respect to the satisfaction of such criterion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless we consummate
a business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm,
or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we seek to acquire, that the price
we are paying is fair to our stockholders. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
the requirement that we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the
Trust Account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, our obligation to pay
cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights and the number of our outstanding warrants and the
future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Management
Operating and Investment Experience 

We
believe that our executive officers possess the experience, skills and contacts necessary to source, evaluate, and execute an attractive
business combination. See the section titled Management for complete information on the experience of our officers
and directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs and
will allocate their time to other businesses. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably
believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target
business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). The past
successes of our executive officers and directors do not guarantee that we will successfully consummate an initial business combination. 

19 

As
more fully discussed in Conflicts of Interest , if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination
opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he
may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware
law, prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Most of our officers and directors currently have certain pre-existing
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status and Other Information 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to
be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the prior December 31, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the
JOBS Act. 

Employees 

We
currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but
they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 3480 Peachtree Road NE 2nd Floor - Suite #112 Atlanta, Georgia 30326. Our sponsor is making this space available to us
for a monthly fee of 20,000. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

20 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on The NYSE American stock exchange, or the NYSE American, under the symbol VHAQU on December 23,
2020. The shares of Common Stock, warrants and rights comprising the units began separate trading on NYSE American on February 4,
2021, under the symbols VHAQ, VHAQW, and VHAQR , respectively. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of the date of this filing, there was an aggregate of 5,031,250 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held by our sponsor, Viveon Health
LLC, our independent directors, and a former independent director as the only stockholders of record. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners
of shares of Common Stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies held
through Cede Co. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business
combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring
any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
December 28, 2020, we consummated our IPO of 17,500,000 Units, each Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock of the Company, and
one redeemable Warrant, entitling the holder thereof to purchase one-half of a share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share,
and one right to receive one-twentieth (1/20) of a share of Common Stock. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of 175,000,000. On December 28, 2020, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, and
the closing occurred on December 30, 2020 when we sold 2,625,000 Over-Allotment Option Units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating
additional gross proceeds of 26,250,000. 

On
December 28, 2020, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we sold to our Sponsor 18,000,000 Private Warrants at a price of
 0.50 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 9,000,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Warrants (as defined below)
sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as
they continue to be held by the Sponsor, or its permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell
any of the Private Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Private Placement Warrants
Subscription Statement) until the date we complete our initial business combination. 

A
total of 203,262,500 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO and the private placement were placed
in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee (the Trust Account ). At the time of the IPO, our initial amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provided that, none of the funds held in trust will be released from the Trust Account, other
than interest income to pay any tax obligations until the earlier of (i) the consummation of our initial business combination, (ii) our
failure to consummate a business combination by 15 months after the IPO, and (iii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted
in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing
of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by 15 months after the IPO, or (b) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity. 

As previously disclosed under
the section titled Extensions of Business Combination Period and Amendments to Our Certificate of Incorporation to this Annual Report, our stockholders voted to amend our amended and restated certificate on three occasions resulting in 18,507,585 shares being redeemed
since the IPO and 188,955,280 paid from the Trust Account to the redeeming stockholders. 

As of the date of this filing, the Company
has 1,617,415 shares of public common stock outstanding, and approximately 17,777,323 remains in the Trust Account. 

21 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
Annual Report includes forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical
fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, 
 anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions
are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance,
but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events,
performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For
information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements, please refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A.
Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR
section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any
intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 7, 2020 for the purpose of entering into a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or
more target businesses. Although we are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating an initial
business combination, we intend to focus on businesses that have their primary operations located in North America in the healthcare
industry. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering in effecting our initial business combination. 

22 

The
issuance of additional shares in connection with an initial business combination: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors in this offering who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any
 such issuance; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded
 to our shares of common stock; 

will
 likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other
 things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or
 removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Similarly,
 if we issue debt securities, it could result in: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our Initial Business Combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt security
 contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without
 a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand 

our
 inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain
 additional financing while such security is outstanding; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
 of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
our initial business combination will be successful. 

On
January 12, 2022, we entered into a merger agreement (the Old Merger Agreement with VHAC Merger Sub,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Old Merger Sub ), and Suneva
Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation Suneva ). Pursuant to the terms of the Old Merger Agreement, a
business combination between the Company and Suneva will be consummated through the merger of Old Merger Sub with and into Suneva,
with Suneva surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Old Merger ). On
February 2, 2023, legal counsel for Viveon sent a letter informing Suneva s legal counsel that Viveon decided, effective
immediately, to unilaterally terminate the Old Merger Agreement pursuant to Sections 10.2(a) and 10.3 thereof, based upon material
breaches of the Old Merger Agreement by Suneva. The termination letter was sent without prejudice and reserved all of Viveon, Old
Merger Sub and Viveon Health, LLC (Viveon s sponsor) rights, claims and remedies, specifically including those within the Old
Merger Agreement, against Suneva and others associated with Suneva who participated in the merger discussions and arrangements, and
waived none. 

23 

On
March 18, 2022, we held our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders for the purpose of approving: (i) a proposal to approve an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (i) extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination
for three months, from March 28, 2022 (the Original Termination Date to June 28, 2022, and (ii) allow us, without another
stockholder vote, to elect to extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional
one month each time after the Extended Date, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, for a total of up
to nine months after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of the proposed business combination with Suneva or any potential
alternative initial business combination shall have occurred (the Extension Proposal (ii) a proposal to
re-elect five current directors to our Board of Directors (the Director Election Proposal and (iii) a proposal
to ratify the appointment of Marcum LLP as our independent registered certified public accountants for fiscal year 2020 (the Auditor
Ratification Proposal ). Stockholders voted to approve the Extension Proposal, Director Election Proposal and Auditor Ratification
Proposal. 

On
March 18, 2022, stockholders elected to redeem 15,092,126 shares of our common stock, resulting in redemption payments out of
the trust account totaling approximately 152,451,819. Subsequent to the redemptions, 5,032,874 shares of common stock remained in the
trust account. 

On
March 21, 2022, an initial amount of 2,700,000 was drawn down from the Notes. 720,000 of the loan proceeds was deposited into our trust
account in connection with extending the business combination completion window from the Original Termination Date until June 28, 2022.
After June 28, 2022, we elected to continue to extend such date until December 28, 2022 (the December Extension Date ),
by making a monthly deposit of 240,000 into the trust account each month for each monthly period, until the December Extension Date. We
deposited 240,000 into the trust account on each of June 23, 2022, July 26, 2022, August 30, 2022, September 28, 2022, October 28, 2022,
and November 25, 2022 to extend the business combination completion window to July 28, 2022, August 28, 2022, September 28, 2022, October
28, 2022, November 28, 2022, and December 28, 2022, respectively. 

On
December 23, 2022, the Company held its 2022 Annual Meeting of the Stockholders in which they voted to extend the date to consummate
a business combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional one month each time for a total of up to six months from
December 28, 2022 until June 30, 2023 (the Second Extended Date ), upon three calendar days advance
notice prior to the applicable monthly deadline, unless the closing of any potential initial business combination shall have occurred
prior to the Second Extended Date. 

On
each of December 27, 2022, January 26, 2023, February 27, 2023, March 27, 2023 and April 28, 2023, the Company deposited 100,000 into
the Trust Account to extend the date to consummate a Business Combination through January 31, 2023, February 28, 2023, March 31, 2023,
April 30, 2023 and May 31, 2023 (the Extended Date , respectively.
Viveon made a final deposit of 100,000 on May 24, 2023 for a one month extension until June 30, 2023. 

On December 23, 2022, stockholders elected to redeem
3,188,100 Public Shares, resulting in a redemption payable as of December 31, 2022 of 34,004,514 included in common stock tendered for
redemption on the consolidated balance sheet. On January 25, 2023, redemption payments out of the trust account totaled 34,004,514. Subsequent
to the redemptions, 1,844,774 shares of common stock remained in the trust account. 

On June 22, 2023, the Company held a stockholder
meeting to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to allow the Company, without another stockholder
vote, to elect to extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional one month until
December 31, 2023, by depositing 85,000 into the trust account and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate
an initial business combination (without seeking additional approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from
January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024, with no additional deposits to be made into the Trust Account during such period, each such extension
for an additional one month period, (the Third Extended Date ). The Company has deposited the initial payment
of 85,000 into the Trust Account to extend the date by which the Company can complete an initial business combination by one month to
July 31, 2023. 

On June 22, 2023, stockholders elected to redeem 227,359 Public Shares, resulting in a redemption of 2,498,947
 from the Trust Account. Subsequent to the redemptions, 1,617,415 Public Shares remained. 

The
entry into the Subscription Agreement and the terms of the Notes and Subscription Warrants was approved by the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company at a meeting held on March 21, 2022. 

On
March 23, 2022, we filed an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State (the
 Amendment The Amendment (i) extends the date by which we have to consummate a business combination for three
months, from the Original Termination Date to the Extended Date and (ii) allows us, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend
the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional one month each time after the Extended
Date, upon five days advance notice and the deposit of 240,000 prior to the applicable deadline, for a total of up to nine months
after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of the proposed business combination with Suneva Medical, Inc. or any potential
alternative initial business combination shall have occurred. As disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2022,
the Amendment was approved by our stockholders at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on March 18, 2022. 

On
December 28, 2022, we filed an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State (the Second Amendment The
Second Amendment extends the date by which we have to consummate a business combination on
a monthly basis for a total of up to six months from December 28, 2022 until June 30, 2023 unless the closing of the proposed Business
Combination with Suneva, or any potential alternative initial business combination shall have occurred prior to June 30, 2023. Thereafter,
we deposited 100,000 for each such monthly period. As disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2022, the Amendment
was approved by our stockholders at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on December 28, 2022. 

On June 27, 2023, we filed a third amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation with the Delaware
Secretary of State (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment allows us, to
(i) initially extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six times, each such extension
for an additional one month period, until December 31, 2023, by depositing into the trust account established in connection with the Company s
initial public offering (the Trust Account the amount of 85,000 for each one-month extension until December
31, 2023, and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination (without seeking additional
approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024, with no additional deposits
to be made into the Trust Account during such period, each such extension for an additional one month period, (the Third
Extended Date ), upon one calendar day advance notice to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Trustee ),
prior to the applicable monthly deadline, unless the closing of the proposed initial business combination with Clearday, Inc., or any
potential alternative initial business combination shall have occurred prior to the Third Extended Date. 

On March 21, 2022, March 23, 2022,
April 4, 2022, April 27, 2022, May 9, 2022, October 27, 2022, and November 25, 2022, we entered into subscription agreements with several
lenders for a loan of up to 4,000,000, in the aggregate (the Subscription Agreements ). 

Pursuant
to the Subscription Agreements, we issued a series of unsecured senior promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to 4,000,000
(the Notes to the subscribers. Of the 4,000,000 in Notes, 1,955,000 
 was subscribed for by several related parties affiliated with our sponsor, Viveon Health LLC, and the balance
in the amount of 2,045,000 was subscribed for by parties that are not related to our sponsor. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Subscription
Agreements, the subscribers also received warrants to purchase one share of our common stock for every 2.00 of the funded principal amount
of the Notes up to 2,000,000 shares of our common stock, in the aggregate, at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
(the Subscription Warrants ). The Subscription Warrant term commences on the Exercise Date (as hereinafter
defined) for a period of 49 months. The Subscription Warrants are exercisable commencing on the date of the initial business combination
(the Exercise Date and have a cashless exercise feature that is available at any time on or after the Exercise
Date. Commencing on the date 13 months following the Exercise Date, the subscribers have the right, but not the obligation, to put the
Subscription Warrants to us at a purchase price of 5.00 per share. We have agreed to file, within thirty (30) calendar days after the
consummation of an initial business combination, a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register for
resale the shares of common stock underlying the Subscription Warrants. 

The
Notes do not bear interest and mature upon the earlier of (i) the closing of our initial business combination, and (ii) December 31, 2022
(the Maturity Date ). The Notes provide for a credit line up to the maximum amount of 4,000,000. We will not
have the right to re-borrow any portion of any loans made under the Notes once repaid .
As of December 31, 2022, a commitment fee in the amount of 400,000, equal to 10 of the maximum principal amount of the Note, had been
paid to the subscribers, on a pro rata basis. In the event that we do not consummate a business combination by the Maturity Date, the
Notes will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of our Trust Account, if any. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, in connection
with the Merger Agreement (as defined below) a majority of the holders of the Notes and Subscription Warrants have agreed to exchange
such Notes and Subscription Warrants pursuant to the terms of an exchange agreement with Viveon dated as of May 1, 2023 (the Exchange
Agreement for a separate series of Clearday senior convertible promissory notes (the Clearday Senior Convertible
Notes ). The Clearday Senior Convertible Notes bear 8 interest per annum and mature upon the earlier of (i) June 30, 2024,
or (ii) the date of any Change in Control. Upon the consummation of the business combination and the exchange of the Subscription Agreements
for the Clearday Senior Convertible Notes, the lenders will forfeit their Subscription Warrants as part of the exchange. One lender has
chosen not to convert to Clearday Senior Convertible Notes. The balance owed to this lender under the Notes is considered due upon demand
by the lender. As of the date of this filing of this Annual Report the lender has not requested payment of the Note. Pursuant to a warrant cancellation and forfeiture agreement dated as of August 16, 2023, one of the Company s
directors agreed to forfeit for cancellation 89,029 of the warrant shares underlying the warrant issued to an affiliate that he controls in connection with the Notes described above. 

24 

In
accordance with ASC 470-20-25-2, Debt with Conversion and Other Options - Debt Instruments with Detachable Warrant s, the proceeds
from the issuance of the Notes were allocated to the Notes and Subscription Warrants using the with-and-without method. Under this method,
the Company first allocated the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes to the Subscription Warrants based on their initial fair value
measurement. The measurement of the Subscription Warrants fair value was determined utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model considering
all relevant assumptions current at the dates of issuance. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for more details on the
assumptions used. The initial fair value of certain Subscription Warrants exceeded the proceeds received from the issuance of the Notes.
In these instances, the proceeds allocated to the Notes were nil, and the Company recognized a loss on the issuance of those Subscription
Warrants. In other instances, the fair value of Subscription Warrants did not exceed the proceeds received from the issuance of the Notes.
As such a portion of the proceeds equal to the fair value of the Subscription Warrants on the date of issuance was allocated to the Subscription
Warrants. The remaining proceeds were allocated to the Notes issued. 

Discounts
to the principal amounts are included in the carrying value of the Notes and amortized to Interest expense over the
remaining term of the underlying debt to the Original Maturity Date. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded
a 3,645,777 and 0 debt discount upon issuance of the Notes. The discount is amortized to interest expense over the term of the
debt to the Original Maturity Date. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amortization of the discount resulted in
interest expense of 3,645,777 and 0, respectively. 

Our Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate
of up to 500,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the IPO Note ).
This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On January
13, 2021, we paid the 228,758 balance on the note from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. We no longer have the ability to
borrow under the IPO Note. 

Our Chief Financial Officer loaned the Company 75,000
to cover expenses related to ongoing operations, which was funded on December 27, 2022. This loan is non-interest bearing and payable
upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The loan agreement was entered into on December 27, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022, and December 31,
2021, the outstanding balance of the loan was 75,000 and 0, respectively. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, our Chief Financial
Officer loaned the Company an additional 555,000 through the date of this filing. These loans will be exchanged for Clearday Senior Convertible
Notes upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination 

Our Chief Executive Officer of the Company loaned
the Company 100,000 to cover expenses related to ongoing operations, which was funded on April 2, 2023. This loan is non-interest bearing
and payable upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The loan agreement was entered into on April 2, 2023.
As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the loan was 0, respectively. 

Subsequent to December 31,
2022, three investors in our Sponsor, loaned the Company 100,000 in the aggregate, to cover expenses related to ongoing
operations, funded on April 5, 2023, and April 7, 2023 .
These loans are non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The loan agreements
were entered into on April 5, 2023, and April 7, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the
loans was 0, respectively. 

On
May 12, 2023, we entered into an unsecured promissory note with Clearday (the Clearday Note ). The Clearday
Note is non-interest bearing mature upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the issuance date and (ii) December 31, 2022. Proceeds
provided to us under the Clearday Note through the filing date were approximately 881,710 during fiscal year 2023. Funds in the Trust
Account may not be used to repay the obligations under the Clearday Note. We used such funds for general working capital purposes. A
copy of the Clearday Note is incorporated as Exhibit 10.22 of this Annual Report, and all references herein to the Clearday Note are
qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement. 

Recent
Developments 

Merger
Agreement with Clearday 

On
April 5, 2023, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Viveon,
Clearday, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Clearday , VHAC2 Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation New Merger Sub ), Viveon Health LLC, a Delaware limited liability Company, in the capacity as the
representative from and after the effective time for the stockholders of the Company (other than the Company Stockholders (as
defined in the Merger Agreement)) as of immediately prior to the effective time (and their successors and assigns) in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, and Clearday SR LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in the capacity as
the representative from and after the effective time for the holders of Company preferred stock as of immediately prior to the
effective time (and their successors and assigns) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to
the terms of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between the Company and Clearday will be consummated through the merger of
New Merger Sub with and into Clearday, with Clearday surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the
Company will change its name to Clearday Holdings, Inc. (the Merger ). The board of
directors of the Company has (i) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Merger Agreement, the Merger and related transactions by the
stockholders of Company. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger
Agreement. 

Consideration 

Merger
Consideration 

The
total consideration to be paid at closing (the Merger Consideration by the Company to Clearday security
holders (and holders who have the right to acquire Clearday capital stock) will be an amount equal to 250 Million (plus the aggregate
exercise price for all Clearday options and warrants). The Merger Consideration will be payable in shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share, valued at 10 per share. 

25 

Earnout
Payments 

In
addition, the holders of Clearday preferred stock will have the contingent right to earn up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, in the aggregate (the Earnout Shares ), if at any time during the period beginning on the date
of the Closing (the Closing Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date (the Earnout
Eligibility Period ), the Adjusted Net Income for any Earnout Period is a positive number for the first time during the
Earnout Eligibility Period (the Earnout Milestone ). 

If,
following the Closing Date and prior to end of the Earnout Eligibility Period, there is a change of control, then, immediately prior
to such change of control, all the Earnout Shares not yet earned shall be earned by the Clearday earnout holders and shall be released
from escrow and delivered to the Clearday earnout holders, and the Clearday earnout holders shall be eligible to participate in such
change of control transaction with respect to such Earnout Shares. 

The
Earnout Shares will be placed in escrow and will not be released from escrow until they are earned as a result of the occurrence of the
Earnout Milestone or a change of control, if applicable. The Earnout Shares that are not earned on or before the expiration of the Earnout
Eligibility Period shall be automatically forfeited and cancelled. 

Treatment
of Clearday Securities 

Cancellation
of Securities. 

Each
share of Clearday capital stock, if any, that is owned by the Company, New Merger Sub, Clearday, or any of their subsidiaries (as treasury
stock or otherwise) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), will automatically
be cancelled and retired without any conversion or consideration. 

Preferred
Stock. 

At
the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of Clearday s Series F Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
 0.001 per share Clearday Series F Preferred Stock (other than any such shares of Clearday capital stock
cancelled as described above and any dissenting shares), will be converted into the right to receive: (A) one (1) share of Parent New
Series F Preferred Stock plus (B) a number of Earnout Shares in accordance with, and subject to the contingencies, set forth in the Merger
Agreement. 

Each
issued and outstanding share of Clearday s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share Clearday
Series A Preferred Stock (other than any such shares of Clearday capital stock cancelled as described above and any dissenting
shares), will be converted into the right to receive: (A) one (1) share of Parent New Series A Preferred Stock plus (B) a number of Earnout
Shares in accordance with, and subject to the contingencies, set forth in the Merger Agreement. 

Common
Stock. 

At
the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of Clearday s common stock, par value 0.001 per share Clearday
Common Stock (other than any such shares of Clearday capital stock cancelled as described above and any dissenting shares)
will be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the conversion ratio. The
 Conversion Ratio as defined in the Merger Agreement means an amount equal to (a)(i) the sum of 250 Million, plus the aggregate
exercise or conversion price of outstanding Clearday s stock options and warrants (excluding unvested options and options or warrants
with an exercise or conversion price of 5.00 or more), divided by (ii) the number of fully diluted Clearday capital stock (including
Clearday preferred stock, warrants, stock options, convertible notes, and any other convertible securities) (excluding unvested options
and options or warrants with an exercise or conversion price of 5.00 or more and assuming a conversion price of Clearday subsidiary
securities as provided in the Merger Agreement); divided by (b) 10.00. 

Merger
Sub Securities. 

Each
share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of New Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
will be converted into and become one newly issued share of common stock of the surviving corporation. 

26 

Stock
Options. 

At
the Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Clearday Common Stock will be converted into an option to purchase,
subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such options prior to the Effective Time, shares of the
Company s common stock equal to the number of shares subject to such option prior to the effective time multiplied by the Conversion
Ratio, at an exercise price per share of the Company s common stock equal to the exercise price per share of Clearday Common Stock
subject to such option divided by the Conversion Ratio. 

Warrants.

Contingent
on and effective as of immediately prior to the effective time, each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of Clearday Preferred Stock
or Clearday Common Stock will be treated in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Convertible
Notes . 

Contingent
on and effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, Clearday s convertible notes outstanding as of immediately prior
to the effective time, will be treated in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such convertible notes. 

Subsidiary
Capital Stock . 

At
and as of the effective time, the subsidiary capital stock will remain in full force and effect with the right to acquire the Clearday
Common Stock with such adjustments noted in the terms of such subsidiary capital stock. 

Representations
and Warranties 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to, among other things, (a) corporate
existence and power, (b) authorization to enter into the Merger Agreement and related transactions; subsidiaries, (c) governmental authorization,
(d) non-contravention, (e) capitalization, (f) corporate records, (g) consents, (h) financial statements, (i) internal accounting controls,
(j) absence of certain changes, (k) properties; title to assets, (l) litigation, (m) material contracts, (n) licenses and permits, (o)
compliance with laws, (p) intellectual property, (q) privacy and data security, (r) employee matters and benefits, (s) tax matters, (t)
real property, (u) environmental laws, (v) finders fees, (w) directors and officers, (x) anti-money laundering laws, (y) insurance,
(z) related party transactions, and (aa) certain representations related to securities law and activity. The Company has additional representations
and warranties, including (a) issuance of shares, (b) trust fund, (c) listing, (d) board approval, (e) SEC documents and financial statements,
(f) certain business practices, (g) expenses, indebtedness and other liabilities and (h) brokers and other advisors. 

Covenants 

The
Merger Agreement includes customary covenants of the parties with respect to operation of their respective businesses prior to consummation
of the Merger and efforts to satisfy conditions to consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement also contains additional covenants
of the parties, including, among others, access to information, cooperation in the preparation of the registration statement and proxy
statement (as each such terms are defined in the Merger Agreement) required to be filed in connection with the Merger and to obtain all
requisite approvals of each party s respective stockholders. The Company and Clearday have each also agreed to include in the proxy
statement the recommendation of its respective board that its stockholders approve all of the proposals to be presented at its respective
special meeting. In addition, each of the Company and Clearday have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit and finalize
definitive documentation for a committed equity in an aggregate amount that, together with the funds in the Trust Account after giving
effect to potential redemptions from the Company s public stockholders, together with financing programs available to Clearday
after the Closing, will provide to Clearday working capital to meet its short-term commercial development goals. 

27 

The
Company has also agreed to prepare a proxy statement to seek the approval of its stockholders (the Extension Proposal to amend its organizational documents to extend the period of time the Company is afforded under its organizational documents and IPO
prospectus to consummate an initial business combination for an additional three months, from June 30,2023 to September 30, 2023 (or
such earlier date as the Company and Clearday may agree in writing). 

Each
party s representations, warranties and pre-Closing covenants will not survive Closing and no party has any post-Closing indemnification
obligations. 

Viveon
Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Company has agreed to approve and adopt an equity incentive plan (the Incentive Plan to be effective as
of the Closing and in a form mutually acceptable to the Company and Clearday, subject to approval of the Incentive Plan by the Company s
stockholders. The Incentive Plan will provide for an initial aggregate share reserve equal to 8 of the number of shares of the Company s
common stock issued and outstanding at the Closing and an evergreen provision that is mutually agreeable to the Company
and Clearday will provide for an automatic increase on the first day of each fiscal year in the number of shares available for issuance
under the Incentive Plan as mutually determined by the Company and Clearday. 

Non-Solicitation
Restrictions 

Each
of the Company and Clearday has agreed that from the date of the Merger Agreement to the effective time or, if earlier, the valid termination
of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, it will not initiate any negotiations with any party relating to an alternative
transaction (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) or enter into any agreement relating to such a proposal, other than as
expressly excluded from the definition of an alternative transaction. Each of the Company and Clearday has also agreed to be responsible
for any acts or omissions of any of its respective representatives that, if they were the acts or omissions of the Company and Clearday,
as applicable, would be deemed a breach of the party s obligations with respect to these non-solicitation restrictions. 

Conditions
to Closing 

The
consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the absence of any applicable law or order restraining, prohibiting
or imposing any condition on the consummation of the Merger and related transactions, (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting
period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iii) receipt of any consent, approval or authorization
required by any Authority (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (iv) the Company having net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 (as
determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act), unless the Company s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation shall have been amended to remove such requirement prior to or concurrently with the Closing, (v) approval by Clearday s
stockholders of the Merger and related transactions, (vi) approval by the Company s stockholders of the Merger and related transactions,
(vii) the conditional approval for listing by NYSE American (or an alternate exchange) of the shares of the Company s common stock
to be issued in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and satisfaction of initial and continued listing
requirements, and (viii) the registration statement becoming effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended Securities Act ). 

Solely
with respect to the Company and New Merger Sub, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) Clearday
having duly performed or complied with all of its obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (ii) the
representations and warranties of Clearday, other than certain fundamental representations as defined in the Merger Agreement, being
true and correct in all respects unless failure would not have or reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) on Clearday or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) certain fundamental representations, as defined in
the Merger Agreement, being true and correct in all respects, other than de minimis inaccuracies, (iv) no event having occurred that
would result in a material adverse effect on Clearday or any of its subsidiaries, (v) Clearday and its securityholders having
executed and delivered to the Company each additional agreement (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to which they each are a party
and (vi) Clearday delivering certain certificates to the Company. 

28 

Solely
with respect to Clearday, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) Viveon and New Merger Sub having
duly performed or complied with all of their respective obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (ii) the representations
and warranties of the Company and Merger Sub, other than certain fundamental representations as defined in the Merger Agreement, being
true and correct in all respects unless failure to be true and correct would not have or reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the Company or New Merger Sub and their ability to consummate the Merger and related transactions, (iii) certain fundamental
representations, as defined in the Merger Agreement, being true and correct in all respects, other than de minimis inaccuracies,
(iv) no event having occurred that would result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or New Merger Sub, (v) the amended parent
charter (as defined in the Merger Agreement) being filed with, and declared effective by, the Delaware Secretary of State, (vi) the Company
delivering certain certificates to Clearday, (vii) the size and composition of the post-Closing board of directors of the Company having
been appointed as set forth in the Merger Agreement and (viii) the Company, Viveon Health LLC and other stockholders, as applicable,
having executed and delivered to Clearday each additional agreement to which they each are a party. 

Termination 

The
Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective time as follows: 

(i)
by either the Company or Clearday, if (A) the Merger and related transactions are not consummated on or before the latest of (i) June
30, 2023, (ii) if the Extension Proposal is approved, September 30, 2023 and (iii) if one or more extensions to a date following September
30, 2023 are obtained at the election of the Company, with the Company s stockholder vote, in accordance with the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the last date for the Company to consummate a business combination pursuant to such
extensions; and (B) the material breach or violation of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation under the Merger Agreement
by the party seeking to terminate the Merger Agreement was not the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the closing to occur on or
before the outside Closing Date, without liability to the other party; 

(ii)
by either the Company or Clearday, if any authority has issued any final decree, order, judgment, award, injunction, rule or consent
or enacted any law, having the effect of permanently enjoining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, provided that, the party
seeking to terminate cannot have breached its obligations under the Merger Agreement and such breach was a substantial cause of, or substantially
resulted in, such action by the authority; and 

(iii)
by mutual written consent of the Company and Clearday duly authorized by each of their respective boards of directors. 

The
Merger Agreement and other agreements described below have been included to provide investors with information regarding their respective
terms. They are not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, Clearday or the other parties thereto. In particular,
the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement were made as of a specified date, are modified
or qualified by information in one or more disclosure letters prepared in connection with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement,
may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to investors, or may have been
used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement
are not necessarily characterizations of the actual state of facts about the Company, Clearday or the other parties thereto at the time
they were made or otherwise and should only be read in conjunction with the other information that the Company or Clearday makes publicly
available in reports, statements and other documents filed with the SEC. The Company and Clearday investors and securityholders are not
third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement. 

29 

Certain
Related Agreements 

Parent
Support Agreements . 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company, Clearday and the Sponsor and the officers and directors of the Company entered
into a support agreement (the Parent Support Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor and the officers and
directors of the Company have agreed to vote all shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by them, including any
additional shares of the Company they acquire ownership of or the power to vote: (i) in favor of the Merger and related transactions,
(ii) against any action reasonably be expected to impede, delay, or materially and adversely affect the Merger and related transactions,
and (iii) in favor of an extension of the period of time the Company is afforded to consummate an initial business combination. 

Company
Support Agreements . 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company, Clearday and certain stockholders of Clearday entered into a support agreement
(the Company Support Agreement ), pursuant to which such Clearday stockholders have agreed to vote all common
and preferred stock of Clearday beneficially owned by them, including any additional shares of Clearday they acquire ownership of or
the power to vote, in favor of the Merger and related transactions and against any action reasonably be expected to impede, delay, or
materially and adversely affect the Merger and related transactions. 

Lock-Up
Agreements. 

In
connection with the closing, certain Clearday stockholders will each agree, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to (i) offer,
sell contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any lockup shares, (ii) enter into a transaction that
would have the same effect, (iii) enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of the lock-up shares or otherwise, (iv) engage in any short sales or other arrangement with respect to the
lock-up shares or (v) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) until the date
that is six months after the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period ). The term Lockup Shares mean
the Merger Consideration Shares and the Earnout Shares, if any, whether or not earned prior to the end of the Lock-up Period, together
with any other shares of the Company s common stock, and including any securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, or representing
the rights to receive the Company s common stock, if any, acquired during the Lock-up Period. If the closing price of the Company s
common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the Closing Date, 50 of the Lock-up Shares will be released from
the lock-up. The existing escrow provisions of the Company s common stock held by certain stockholders will remain in effect. 

Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. 

At
the Closing, the Company will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the Amended and Restated
Registration Rights Agreement with certain existing stockholders of the Company and Clearday with respect to their shares
of the Company s common stock acquired before or pursuant to the Merger, and including the shares issuable on conversion of the
warrants issued to the Sponsor in connection with the Company s initial public offering and any shares issuable on conversion of
loans or other convertible securities. The agreement amends and restates the registration rights agreement the Company entered into on
December 22, 2020 in connection with its initial public offering. Subject to the Lock-Up Agreements described above, the holders of a
majority of the shares held by the Company s existing stockholders, and the holders of a majority of the shares held by the Clearday
stockholders will each be entitled to make one demand that Clearday register such securities for resale under the Securities Act, or
two demands each if the Company is eligible to use Form S-3 or a similar short-form registration statement. In addition, the holders
will have certain piggy-back registration rights that require the Company to include such securities in registration statements
that the Company otherwise files. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions
resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
filing of any such registration statements. 

30 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 were organizational activities, identifying target companies for a business combination, conducting due diligence on such target
companies and negotiating the Business Combination Agreement with Suneva, which was terminated on February 2, 2023. We do not expect
to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form
of interest income on marketable securities held after our initial public offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 486,788, which consisted of loss on issuance of subscription warrants of
 3,209,183 amortization of the debt discount of 3,645,777, professional fees of 1,368,699, operating costs of 756,386, expensed
issuance costs of 392,642, franchise tax expense of 246,216 and income tax expense of 61,310, partially offset by a gain on the change in fair value of warrant
liability of 8,468,308 interest and dividend income on investments held in Trust Account of 724,225, and interest income on the
operating bank account of 892. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of 2,489,829, which consisted of a change in fair value of warrant liability of
 6,575,140, interest income on investments held in Trust Account of 20,329 and interest income on the operating bank account of 147,
partially offset by formation and operating costs of 1,050,016, professional fees of 2,701,431, franchise tax expense of 197,200,
and stock compensation expense of 157,140. The gains on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities was due in large part to the
decrease in the public traded price of the public warrants. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources, and Going Concern 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,753,388, which was primarily due to operational costs and franchise taxes paid during the period. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 2,082,334, which was due to the change in fair value of
warrant liability of 6,575,140 and interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 20,329, offset in part by net income of
 2,489,829, changes in working capital of 1,866,166, and stock compensation expense of 157,140. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was 150,191,819 which resulted from cash withdrawn from Trust
Account to pay redeeming stockholders of 152,451,819, offset in part by cash deposited for the extension contribution of 2,260,000. 

There
were no cash flows from investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 148,813,819, which was due to the redemption of common stock
of 152,451,819 and the payment of issuance costs of 437,000, offset in part by proceeds from note agreements payable of 2,045,000, proceeds from note agreements payable - related party of 1,955,000
and proceeds from promissory note - related party of 75,000. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 619,387, which was due to payment of other payable 
related party of 364,880, payment of the promissory note related party of 228,758 and offering costs paid of 25,749. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and marketable securities in the trust account of 53,815,395. We intend to use substantially all
of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable
and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not withdraw any of the interest income from the Trust Account to pay for franchise and
income taxes. In June 2023, we withdrew approximately 429,305 to make payments for delinquent franchise taxes. To the extent that
our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Initial Business Combination, the remaining
proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

31 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 19,847 outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of 40,841,257. 

In
connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation
of Financial Statements - Going Concern , management has determined that if we are unable to raise additional funds to alleviate
liquidity needs, or complete a business combination by March 31, 2024, then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of
liquidating, unless we seek stockholder approval to amend our current charter to extend the date by which we complete a business
combination. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. No
adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be unable to continue as a going concern. We
intend to complete a business combination before the mandatory liquidation date or obtain approval from our stockholders to amend
our current charter for an extension. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement
to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a monthly fee of 20,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and
the series of unsecured senior promissory note agreements we entered into with several lenders affiliated with our Sponsor. We began
incurring these fees on December 22, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business
Combination and our liquidation. 

Chardan is entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 7,043,750.
The deferred fee will become payable Chardan from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, between the Company and Chardan (the Underwriting
Agreement ). A copy of the Underwriting Agreement is incorporated by reference in Exhibit 1.1 of this Annual Report, and
all references herein to the Underwriting Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement. 

In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, we granted Chardan for
a period of 12 months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, a right of first refusal to act as book-running managing
underwriter or placement agent, with at least 30 of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity, convertible and
debt offerings the ROFR . On April 20, 2021, pursuant to the terms of an Addendum to the Underwriting
Agreement, Chardan waived and released the ROFR. Subsequently, on July 12, 2021, we entered into a Letter Agreement with Chardan (the
 Letter Agreement that reinstates the ROFR in the event Chardan introduces us to a target that results in
a Business Combination and entitles Chardan to a fee equal to 0.5 of the aggregate value of the target measured prior to the Business
Combination, paid in cash or shares at the close of the Business Combination. A copy of the Letter Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.23
of this Annual Report, and all references herein to the Letter Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text
of such agreement. 

On May 18, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement
with a transactional and strategic advisory firm (the Strategic Advisor for advisory services as needed
by the Company in connection with a Business Combination. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company incurred approximately 875,000 in
fees. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 500,000 of such fees remain unpaid and are included in accrued costs and expenses
on the consolidated balance sheets. On November 1, 2021, the Company and the Strategic Advisor entered into an amendment to the agreement.
Pursuant to this amendment, the Company will pay the Strategic Advisor a fee of 2,625,000, inclusive of the 500,000 accrued as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021. The remaining 2,125,000 is contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

On October, 8, 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with a financial advisor (the Exclusive Financial Advisor for financial advisory services such
as financial and transaction feasibility analysis, assistance in negotiations, assistance in capital planning, and other customary services
in connection with a Business Combination, pursuant to which the Company will pay the Exclusive Financial Advisor a fee of 1,500,000
contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination. This agreement was terminated on January 31, 2023 as a result of the termination
of the merger agreement between the Company and Suneva. 

On November 1, 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with a financial advisor (the Second Financial Advisor for financial advisory services such as
guidance on valuation and transaction structure and terms, assistance in negotiations, coordination of due diligence, documentation,
and transaction closing, and introduction of the Company to institutional investors in connection with a Business Combination, pursuant
to which the Company will pay the Second Financial Advisor a fee of 400,000 contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination.
As a result of the termination of the merger agreement between the Company and Suneva, this agreement was terminated on January 31, 2023,
and there are no related contingent fees for the agreement. 

On November 2, 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with a financial advisor (the Third Financial Advisor for financial advisory services such as
market related advice and assistance in connection with a Business Combination, pursuant to which the Company will pay the Third Financial
Advisor a fee of 500,000 contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination. As a result of the termination of the merger
agreement between the Company and Suneva, this agreement was terminated on June 9, 2023, and there are no related contingent fees for
the agreement. 

On November 5, 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with an advisor (the Advisor for services such as assistance in refining strategic objectives,
preparation or refinement of solicitation materials, identification, contact, and solicitation of or potential investors and other sources
of capital, and assistance in review, selection, negotiation, and closing of a transaction in connection with a Business Combination,
pursuant to which the Company will pay the Advisor a fee of 200,000 contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination. As
a result of the termination of the merger agreement between the Company and Suneva, this agreement was terminated on June 19, 2023, and
there are no related contingent fees for the agreement. 

On November 15, 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with two placement agents (the Placement Agents for services such as analysis of potential contributions
and assets of a target to the Company s future prospects, assistance in negotiations, and assistance in preparation of presentations
to investors, lenders, and/or other financial sources in connection with a Business Combination, pursuant to which the Company will pay
the Placement Agents a fee equal to the difference between 5 of the total aggregate sales price of the securities sold as part of the
Business Combination and 5 of any securities sold as part of the Business Combination to investors identified by the Advisor, contingent
upon the consummation of the Business Combination. This agreement was terminated on February 15, 2022, as a result of an automatic termination
provision upon the earlier to occur of three months or the final closing of Business Combination and there are no related contingent
fees for the agreement. 

On February 17, 2022, the Company entered into an
agreement with a broker-dealer (the Broker-Dealer for services such as providing the Company with capital
markets advisory services with regard to a forward purchase agreement, convertible private investment in public equity PIPE ),
secured credit facility, and any other capital structure topics in connection with a Business Combination, pursuant to which the Company
will pay the Broker-Dealer a fee of 250,000. This agreement was terminated on June 9, 2023, as a result of the termination of the merger
agreement between the Company and Suneva. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement the Broker-Dealer will remain entitled to the fee of
 250,000 if a Business Combination is consummated within 24 months after the termination date. The Company is pursuing a waiver from
the Broker-Dealer to waive the 250,000 fee upon a Business Combination. As such, the fee remains contingent upon the consummation of
the Business Combination. 

32 

On May 9, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement
with a placement agent (the Placement Agent for services such as advising and assisting the Company in identifying
one or more investors that are accredited or qualified institutional buyers. Pursuant to which the Company will
pay the Placement Agents a cash fee upon closing equal to eight percent (8.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company, contingent
upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses
during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting
policies: 

Common
Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

All
of the 1,844,774 public shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering and subsequent full exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option that have not been redeemed by stockholders, contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such
redeemable common stock in connection with our liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with our initial
business combination and in connection with certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance
with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common
stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all redeemable common stock have been classified
outside of permanent equity. 

We
recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the
redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected
by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net
(Loss) Income per Common Share 

Net
(loss) income per common share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. The calculation of diluted (loss) income per common share does not consider the effect of the warrants and rights issued
in connection with the (i) initial public offering, (ii) exercise of over-allotment, (iii) Private Placement, and (iv) extension financing
since the exercise of the warrants and rights are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants
and rights would be anti-dilutive. The warrants and rights are exercisable to purchase 22,068,750 shares of common stock in the aggregate. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The
Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The Company s derivative instruments are recorded
at fair value and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations.
Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on the consolidated balance sheets as current or non-current based on whether or not
net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The Company
has determined that the public warrants qualify for equity treatment and are not derivative instruments. The public warrants were measured at fair value and recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital
at the time of issuance. The Company has determined that the private warrants and subscription warrants are derivative instruments. As
the private warrants and subscription warrants meet the definition of a derivative the private warrants and subscription warrants are
measured at fair value at issuance and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , with changes
in fair value recognized in the statement of operations in the period of change. In accordance with ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments ,
the Company has concluded that a portion of the transaction costs which directly related to the initial public offering and the private
placement, should be allocated to the private warrants based on their relative fair value against total proceeds, and recognized as transaction
costs in the statement of operations. 

Debt with Conversion and Other Options 

The Company accounts for a series of unsecured senior promissory note agreements
under ASC Topic ASC 470-20-25-2, Debt with Conversion and Other Options - Debt Instruments with Detachable Warrants ASC 470-20-25-2 ).
 In accordance with ASC 470-20-25-2, proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants (detachable call options)
are allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants and of the warrants themselves
at time of issuance. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

33 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. During the fiscal year ended December 31,
2021, the Company restated its audited financial statements as of December 31, 2020 to provide for the reclassification of the private
warrants as a liability for the affected period and restated its audited financial statements as of December 31, 2020 and condensed financial
statements as of and for the periods ended March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021 to reclassify the Company s redeemable common stock.
In connection with the restatements, the Company identified a material weakness in its internal controls related to accounting for complex
financial instruments. Subsequent to the aforementioned restatements, the Company determined that it had inappropriately accounted for
the allocation of proceeds received in its initial public offering and did not appropriately recognize stock-based compensation related
to the transfer of shares of common stock to members of the Company s board of directors. This resulted in the restatement of the
Company s audited financial statement as of December 31, 2020 and condensed financial statements as of and for the periods ended
June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021. Subsequent to the aforementioned restatements, the Company determined it had inappropriately accounted
for the remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption in connection with the Company s deposit into the Trust Account
on March 23, 2022 for the extension of the Company s business combination period. This resulted in the restatement of the Company s
condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2022. The control deficiencies related to
the allocation of proceeds, stock-based compensation, and remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption represent a continuation
of the previously identified material weakness related to accounting for complex financial instruments. 

In
addition, management identified deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting relating to the process of
recording accounts payable, accrued expenses, tax liabilities and concluded that the failure to properly account for such accrued
expenses constituted a material weakness as defined in the SEC regulations. The deficiencies related to accounts
payable and accrued expenses resulted in the restatement of the Company s condensed financial statements as of and for the
periods ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, and September 30, 2021. As such, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer determined that the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were not
effective as of December 31, 2022. 

34 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of our company; 

(2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;
and 

(3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective, due to the material weaknesses described elsewhere in this Report. 

Notwithstanding
these material weaknesses, management has concluded that our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Report are fairly
stated in all material respects in accordance with GAAP for each of the periods presented therein. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

35 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During
the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. In light of the restatement of our financial statements as described above, we plan to enhance
our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of
the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to
accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals
with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. In addition, we plan to enhance our processes to identify and record
potential accruals. Our plans at this time include increased communication with third-party service providers and additional procedures
to identify and review subsequent invoices and disbursements. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time,
and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

36 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jagi
Gill 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Rom
 Papadopoulos 
 
 64 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Demetrios
 (Jim) G. Logothetis 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Brian
 Cole 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Doug
 Craft 
 
 61 
 
 Director 

Below
is a summary of the business experience of each our executive officers and directors: 

Jagi
Gill, PhD is our Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Gill has more than 20 years of healthcare investment and general management experience.
From 2017 to 2020, he served as the Vice-President of Business Development and General Manager of AcuVentures, a business unit within
Acumed LLC, a Berkshire Hathaway Company. Acumed LLC is a market leader in the orthopedic sector with particular strength in the upper
extremity fracture repair and trauma market segments. As the General Manager, Dr. Gill led two business units, Rib Fixation and the Soft
Tissue Repair, with responsibilities for product development, sales, marketing and profitability. Under his leadership, the business
units grew 2-3x faster than their market segment. In addition to general management responsibilities, Dr. Gill was involved in sourcing,
closing and integrating four acquisitions within the orthopedic sector for Acumed. These transactions ranged from technology acquisitions
serving as tuck-in product integrations to stand alone companies with global revenue. From 2009 to 2017, he was the Founder, Chief Executive
Officer and Board Member of Tenex Health a privately held orthopedic sports medicine company. In this capacity he patented, designed
and developed the initial platform technology intended to treat chronic tendon pain. Under his leadership, Tenex Health launched commercially,
generated positive operating income, secured FDA regulatory approval, developed a manufacturing and operations infrastructure, and established
sales channels serving the outpatient Ambulatory Surgery Centers. Before founding Tenex Health, Dr. Gill was the Founder and Chief Executive
Officer of OrthoCor, a company providing non-invasive pain management technology, from 2007 to 2009, while also serving on an advisory
and consulting capacity to a number of medical technology companies. OrthoCor developed and commercialized orthopedic knee braces integrating
pulsed electromagnetic technology to address chronic pain associated with trauma or osteoarthritis. Prior to this, he served in executive
business development roles for Boston Scientific Corporation from 2001 to 2007 where he was involved in sourcing and supporting the acquisition
of private companies which collectively accounted for more than 750 million in enterprise value. While at Boston Scientific, he was
involved in the investments in, and acquisition of, the following private companies: Advanced Bionics (implantable neurostimulation),
Cameron Health (implantable cardiac rhythm management), Innercool (systemic hypothermia for recovery from cardiac arrest), Orqis Medical
(heart failure treatment) and Kerberos (endovascular thrombectomy). Dr. Gill completed his BSc and MSc in Anatomy from McGill University
and PhD in Neuroscience from Mayo Clinic College of Medicine. We believe we will be able to capitalize on Dr. Gill s experience
and accomplishments in the orthopedic and spine markets, along with his relationships among executives in the target companies, their
supply chains, and their customer networks, to successfully close a business combination. 

Rom
Papadopoulos, M.D. is our Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Papadopoulos has more than 25 years of healthcare investment and operational
experience. From 2006 to June 2020, Dr. Papadopoulos was the Founder and Sole Proprietor of Intuitus Capital, a private equity firm actively
investing in the healthcare sector. At Intuitus, he led investments in more than 30 companies with a total of more than 700 million
in enterprise value. Prior to founding Intuitus Capital, Dr. Papadopoulos was Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operations Officer, Corporate
Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary of Global Energy Holdings (NYSE Amex: GNH). While at GNH, he created and executed the
company s repositioning from traditional markets to renewable energy. He was responsible for coordinating all aspects of the financial
management of the company including cash management and treasury, risk management, audit functions, SEC reporting and compliance as well
as HR functions and employee policies. Dr. Papadopoulos was an early investor in Tenex Health Inc., a medical device company engaged
in the manufacturing and sale of minimally invasive high frequency technology used to perform percutaneous tenotomy and fasciotomy. He
eventually became the interim CFO for the company until September 2013. In this capacity, he was an integral part of the team seeking
and completing acquisitions for the company. From 2002 to 2006, Dr. Papadopoulos was the Managing Director and head of healthcare investment
banking for Caymus Partners, a middle market investment banking firm. Dr. Papadopoulos received his medical degree (M.D.) from the Aristotelian
University of Thessaloniki, Greece, Medical School in 1985 and conducted his post-graduate training in Pediatrics at Emory University
in 1986. We believe that Dr. Papadopoulos is qualified to sit on our board due to his years of experience in the healthcare industry,
as a clinician as well as an investor who possesses unique insight into medical technology assets, in addition to his strong financial
credentials. 

37 

Demetrios
(Jim) G. Logothetis , is one of our directors and served as Senior Advisor in the Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) Office of the Assistant Secretary and Chief Financial Officer where he led the Audit Coordination Committee for Ginnie Mae, a government
corporation within HUD from May 2020 to November 2020. Mr. Logothetis retired from Ernst Young (EY) effective in June 2019 extending
three years beyond normal retirement at the request of the EY Executive Board. Throughout his forty-year career with EY, from January
1979 to June 2019, Mr. Logothetis served some of EY s largest global clients as lead audit partner, and fulfilled senior leadership
roles within the firm, from offices in Chicago, Frankfurt Germany, New York, London England, and Atlanta. Mr. Logothetis has served over
the years on the boards of several non-profit organizations, including The National Board of the Boys Girls Clubs of Americas where
he served on the audit committee; The Archbishop Lakovos Leadership 100 Endowment Fund where he serves as Vice Chair, The American College
of Greece where he serves as Chairman of the Board of Trustees; The Board of National Hellenic Museum; Founder and Chairman of the Board
of Trustees of the Hellenic American Academy, one of the largest Greek American schools in the United States; and founding Chairman of
the Foundation for Hellenic Education and Culture. Mr. Logothetis holds an M.B.A. degree in Accounting, Finance and International Business
from The University of Chicago Booth Graduate School of Business and a B.S.C degree in Accountancy from DePaul University. Mr. Logothetis
is also a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Management Accountant. Mr. Logothetis has taught many EY training programs as well
as graduate accounting classes at DePaul University. Mr. Logothetis served for several years on the DePaul University, Richard H. Driehaus
College of Business advisory council, and since 2017 on the board of Trustees of the University as vice-chair, and then chair of the
audit committee and member of the finance committee. Mr. Logothetis has also served as a member of the Trusteeship and Finance Committees
for DePaul University. 

Brian
Cole MD, MBA is one of our directors, and the Managing Partner of Midwest Orthopedics at Rush in Chicago, the lead executive
for this large specialty practice which is consistently ranked as one of the top orthopedic groups by US News World Report. Dr.
Cole is a Professor in the Department of Orthopedics with a conjoint appointment in the Department of Anatomy and Cell Biology at Rush
University Medical Center. In 2015, he was appointed as an Associate-Chairman of the Department of Orthopedics at Rush. In 2011, he was
appointed as Chairman of Surgery at Rush Oak Park Hospital. He is the Section Head of the Cartilage Research and Restoration Center at
Rush specializing in the treatment of arthritis in young active patients with a focus on regenerative medicine and biologic alternatives
to surgery. He also serves as the head of the Orthopedic Master s Training Program and trains residents and fellows in sports medicine
and research. He lectures nationally and internationally and holds several leadership positions in prominent sports medicine societies.
Through his basic science and clinical research, he has developed several innovative techniques with several patents for the treatment
of shoulder, elbow and knee conditions. He has published more than 1,000 articles and 10 widely read textbooks in orthopedics and regenerative
medicine. In addition to his academic accomplishments, Dr. Cole currently serves in many senior leadership roles in organizations such
as President of the Arthroscopy Association of North America, President of the Ortho-regeneration Network Foundation, and Secretary General
(Presidential-line) International Cartilage Repair Society. Dr. Cole is frequently chosen as one of the Best Doctors in America 
since 2004 and as a Top Doctor in the Chicago metro area since 2003. In 2006, he was featured on the cover of Chicago Magazine
as Chicago s Top Doctor and was selected as NBA Team Physician of the Year in 2009. Orthopedics This Week has named
Dr. Cole as one of the top 20 sports medicine, knee and shoulder specialists repeatedly over the last 5 years as selected by his peers.
He is the head team physician for the Chicago Bulls NBA team, co-team physician for the Chicago White Sox MLB team and DePaul University
in Chicago. Dr. Cole was awarded his medical degree from the University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine and his MBA from the University
of Chicago Booth School of Business. He completed his residency in Orthopedic Surgery at the Hospital for Special Surgery Cornell
Medical Center in New York and his fellowship in Sports Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh. 

38 

Doug
Craft is one of our directors, and the Chief Executive Officer of Atlanta-based Medicraft, Inc., which is one of the largest
independent agents for Medtronic, the world leader in medical technology and pioneering therapies. He has devoted his entire career to
the medical industry, initially concentrating in the sale of spinal implants, which he continues today. Mr. Craft has extensive relationships
with health care systems, surgeons and other senior health care professionals across the nation. Over the past three decades his commercial
interests have expanded to include evaluating, consulting and developing businesses in the medical field generally, including but not
limited to neuro-intraoperative monitoring, biologic agents, orthopedic reconstruction implants, surgical navigation systems, regenerative
kidney technology, trans-catheter cardiac valves and spinal implant device design. He has funded and started over 12 businesses in the
Orthopedic, Spine and Neurological segments such as Biocraft Inc, Orthocraft Inc, Neurocraft Inc, Pharmacraft, Premier Medical Systems,
and Diamond Orthopedics. Early in his career, he was one of the first agents for Danek a publicly traded spinal implant company which
merged with Sofamor to become Sofamor-Danek and relisting on the NYSE. Sofamor-Danek was acquired by Medtronic in 1999 for 3.7 billion.
Mr. Craft is a highly experienced entrepreneur who is continually exploring opportunities to multiply investments in medical businesses
and technologies. Mr. Craft earned a B.S. degree in biomedical engineering from Mississippi State University, and is a Distinguished
Fellow of the College of Engineering at Mississippi State University. 

Our
directors and officers have played a key role in identifying, evaluating, and selecting target businesses, and structuring, negotiating
and consummating our initial Business Consummation. Except as described below and under Conflicts of Interest, none of
these individuals is currently a principal of or affiliated with a public company or blank check company that executed a business plan
similar to our business plan. We believe that the skills and experience of these individuals, their collective access to acquisition
opportunities and ideas, their contacts, and their transaction expertise should enable them to identify successfully and effect an acquisition
transaction, although we cannot assure you that they will, in fact, be able to do so. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the officers and directors, nor are there any arrangements or understanding between any of the Directors
or Officers of our Company or any other person pursuant to which any Officer or Director was or is to be selected as an officer or director. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the last ten years, none of our officers, directors, promoters or control persons have been involved in any legal proceedings as described
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Board
Meetings; Committee Meetings; and Annual Meeting Attendance 

In
2022, the Board of Directors held board meetings on two occasions: November 7, 2022 and November 16, 2022. 

Officer
and Director Qualifications 

Our
officers and board of directors are composed of a diverse group of leaders with a wide array of professional roles. In these roles, they
have gained experience in core management skills, such as strategic and financial planning, financial reporting, compliance, risk management,
and leadership development. Many of our officers and directors also have experience serving on boards of directors and board committees
of other companies, and have an understanding of corporate governance practices and trends, which provides an understanding of different
business processes, challenges, and strategies. Further, our officers and directors also have other experience that makes them valuable,
managing and investing assets or facilitating the consummation of business combinations. 

39 

We,
along with our officers and directors, believe that the above-mentioned attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences
of our officers and board members described below, provide us with a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to facilitate
our goals of consummating an acquisition transaction. 

Board
Committees 

The
Board has a standing audit, nominating and compensation committee. The independent directors oversee director nominations. Each audit
committee, nominating committee and compensation committee has a charter, which were filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 in connection with our IPO on December 21, 2020. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee, which is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, engages Company s
independent accountants, reviewing their independence and performance; reviews the Company s accounting and financial
reporting processes and the integrity of its financial statements; the audits of the Company s financial statements and the
appointment, compensation, qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent auditors; the
Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and the performance of the Company s internal audit
function and internal control over financial reporting. During 2022 , the Audit Committee held
six meetings on March 15, 2022, March 21, 2022, March 25,
2022, June 10, 2022, August 19, 2022 and November 18, 2022. 

The
Audit Committee consists of Demetrios (Jim) G. Logothetis and Doug Craft, each of whom is an independent director under NYSE
American s listing standards. Mr. Logothetis serves as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee and at the time of his appointment
as an independent director, the Board has determined that Mr. Logothetis qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, 
as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Mr. Brian Cole previously served as a member of the
Audit Committee, however due to his receipt of warrants in connection with the Subscription Agreement, he no longer meets the qualification
to serve as an Audit Committee Member under Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Nominating
Committee 

The
Nominating Committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our Board. Specifically, the
Nominating Committee makes recommendations to the Board regarding the size and composition of the Board, establishes procedures for the
director nomination process and screens and recommends candidates for election to the Board. On an annual basis, the Nominating Committee
recommends for approval by the Board certain desired qualifications and characteristics for board membership. Additionally, the Nominating
Committee establishes and administers a periodic assessment procedure relating to the performance of the Board as a whole and its individual
members. The Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background
and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the Board. The Nominating Committee may
require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to
time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The
Nominating Committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. During 2022, the Nominating Committee
acted by unanimous written consent on one occasion. 

The
Nominating Committee consists of Demetrios (Jim) G. Logothetis, Brian Cole and Doug Craft, each of whom is an independent director under
NYSE American s listing standards. Dr. Cole is the Chairperson of the Nominating Committee. 

40 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee reviews annually the Company s corporate goals and objectives relevant to the officers compensation,
evaluates the officers performance in light of such goals and objectives, determines and approves the officers compensation
level based on this evaluation; makes recommendations to the Board regarding approval, disapproval, modification, or termination of existing
or proposed employee benefit plans, makes recommendations to the Board with respect to non-CEO and non-CFO compensation and administers
the Company s incentive-compensation plans and equity-based plans. The Compensation Committee has the authority to delegate any
of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The chief executive officer of the Company
may not be present during voting or deliberations of the Compensation Committee with respect to his compensation. The Company s
executive officers do not play a role in suggesting their own salaries. Neither the Company nor the Compensation Committee has engaged
any compensation consultant who has a role in determining or recommending the amount or form of executive or director compensation. During
2022, the Compensation Committee did not hold any meetings. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of our executive officers existing stockholders, our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
Compensation Committee consists of Demetrios (Jim) G. Logothetis, Brian Cole and Doug Craft, each of whom is an independent director
under NYSE American s listing standards. Mr. Craft is the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Investors
should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating their time among various business activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities
 which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management
 has pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a
 particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
 officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business
 activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. 

The
 insider shares owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if a business combination is successfully completed
 and subject to certain other limitations. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive distributions from the Trust
 Account with respect to any of their insider shares if we do not complete a business combination. In addition, our officers and directors
 may loan funds to us after the IPO and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our
 behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, the personal and financial
 interests of our directors and executive officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business,
 completing a business combination in a timely manner and securing the release of their shares. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

41 

In
addition, when exercising powers or performing duties as a director, the director is required to exercise the care, diligence and skill
that a reasonable director would exercise in the same circumstances taking into account, without limitation the nature of the company,
the nature of the decision and the position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him. A director need
not exhibit in the performance of his duties a greater degree of skill than may reasonably be expected from a person of his knowledge
and experience. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. A director
shall, forthwith after becoming aware of the fact that he is interested in a transaction entered into or to be entered into by the company,
disclose the interest to the board of the company. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven
and/or authorized in advance by the stockholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of
stockholder approval at a meeting of stockholders. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates
a particular business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts
will be resolved in our favor. Furthermore, most of our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary obligations to other businesses
of which they are officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to
which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary obligations. Accordingly, it
is possible they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe pre-existing
fiduciary obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities. 

In
order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors
has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such
time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity,
any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual
obligations he might have. 

The
following table summarizes the current pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors. 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Doug
 Craft 
 
 Medicraft,
 Inc. 
 
 medical
 technology company 
 
 Chairman
 and CEO 

Brian
 Cole 
 
 Midwest
 Orthopedics at Rush 
 
 specialty
 medical practice 
 
 Managing
 Partner 

In
connection with the vote required for any business combination, all of our existing stockholders, including all of our officers and directors,
have agreed to vote their respective insider shares in favor of any proposed business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive
their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the insider shares acquired by them prior to the
IPO. If they purchased shares of Common Stock in the IPO or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any
liquidation distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to redeem such shares (or sell their shares in any tender offer)
in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination or an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
relating to pre-business combination activity. 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Any such related party transactions, as defined
under the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act, will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested
 independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had
access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee
and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable
to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

42 

With
respect to possible initial business combinations that may be entered into between us and an entity that is affiliated with any of our
officers, directors or initial stockholders, to further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate such an affiliated
initial business combination unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we seek to acquire that such an initial business combination
is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and
of our independent directors. Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial stockholders, officers, directors, special advisors or
their respective affiliates be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, officers and stockholders who beneficially own more than 10 of any
class of equity securities of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, collectively referred to herein as the
 Reporting Persons, to file initial statements of beneficial ownership of securities and statements of changes in beneficial
ownership of securities with respect to the Company s equity securities with the SEC. All Reporting Persons are required by SEC
regulation to furnish us with copies of all reports that such Reporting Persons file with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a). Based solely
on our review of the copies of such reports and upon written representations of the Reporting Persons received by us, we believe that
all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely
manner. 

43 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Except as set forth below, no compensation of
any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation
of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of
the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or
a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

Pursuant
to the Subscription Agreements, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Rom Papadopoulos, as Sole Proprietor of Intuitus has funded
 580,000 of the principal amount of the Notes. In connection with such loan, Intuitus has received Subscription Warrants exercisable for
up to 290,000 shares. The warrants were not issued for services rendered. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, one of our directors,
Brian Cole as an affiliate and control person of EAC Enterprises, L.P. Series D, has funded 250,000 of the principal amount of the Notes.
In connection with such loan, EAC Enterprises, L.P. Series D has received Subscription Warrants exercisable for up to 125,000 shares.
The warrants were not issued for services rendered. See section entitled Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence of this Annual Report for further detail. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth as of the date of this Annual Report, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each
person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock,
(ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of the date of this Annual Report,
as a result of the redemptions by public stockholders in connection with the Amendment, we have 6,648,665 shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Jagi Gill (2) 
 4,923,250 
 74.04 
 
 Rom Papadopoulos (2) (3) 
 4,923,250 
 74.04 
 
 Brian Cole 
 27,000 

Doug Craft 
 27,000 

Demetrios G. Logothetis 
 27,000 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (five individuals) 
 5,004,250 
 75.27 

Holders of 5 or more of our Common Stock 

Viveon Health, LLC (2) (3) 
 4,923,250 
 74.04 
 
 Meteora Capital, LLC (4) 
 892,807 
 13.43 
 
 Karpus Investment Management (5) 
 2,027,285 
 30.49 
 
 Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. (6) 
 543,000 
 8.17 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners, Inc. (7) 
 650,000 
 9.78 
 
 Fir Tree Capital Management LP (8) 
 518,742 
 7.80 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Viveon Health Acquisition Corp., 3480 Peachtree
 Road NE 2nd Floor - Suite #112 Atlanta, Georgia 30326. 

(2) 
 Consists
 of shares of Common Stock owned by Viveon Health, LLC, for which Jagi Gill is a member and Rom Papadopoulos is the managing member.
 Mr. Papadopoulos has sole voting and dispositive control over those shares. 

44 

(3) 
 Rom
 Papadopoulos is the managing member of Viveon Health, LLC. 

(4) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting persons on February 10, 2023, the address for the reporting person is 840 Park Drive East,
 Boca Raton, Florida 33444.The number of shares of Common Stock owned is as of February 10, 2022, the date of filing of the Schedule
 13G. The Schedule 13G was filed by the following reporting persons: (i) Meteora Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 Meteora Capital with respect to the common stock held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Meteora Capital
 serves as investment manager (collectively, the Meteora Funds and (ii) Vik Mittal, who serves as the Managing Member
 of Meteora Capital, with respect to the common stock held by the Meteora Funds. The filing of the Schedule 13G by the reporting persons
 should not be construed as an admission that any of the reporting persons is, for the purposes of Section 13 of the Act, the beneficial
 owner of the common stock reported herein. 

(5) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person on February 14, 2022, the address for the reporting person is 183 Sully s Trail,
 Pittsford, New York 14534.The number of shares of Common Stock owned is as of February 14, 2022, the date of filing of the Schedule
 13G. The reporting person has not amended such schedule to report changes in ownership due to any redemption of its shares of Common
 Stock in connection with the Amendment. As a result, the number of shares and percentage ownership may not be accurate as of the
 date of the filing of this Annual Report. 

(6) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person on February 14, 2023, the address for the reporting person is 1-5-5. Otemachi,
 Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8176, Japan. Mizuho Financial Group, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Mizuho Americas LLC may be deemed
 to be indirect beneficial owners of said equity securities directly held by Mizuho Securities USA LLC which is their wholly-owned
 subsidiary. 

(7) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A filed by the reporting person on February 10, 2023, the address for the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite
 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. The Schedule 13G was filed by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., which serves as
 the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund PMSMF with respect to the shares of common stock directly
 held by PMSMF. 

(8) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person on February 14, 2023, the address for the reporting person is 500 5th Avenue, 9th
 Floor, New York, New York 10110. 

All
of the insider shares issued and outstanding prior to the IPO were placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
as escrow agent, until (1) with respect to 50 of the insider shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of
our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our shares of Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share
(as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50 of the insider shares, six months
after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business
combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. 

During
the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) to any persons (including
their affiliates and stockholders) participating in the private placement of the private warrants, officers, directors, stockholders,
employees and members of the Company s sponsor and its affiliates, (2) amongst initial stockholders or their respective affiliates,
or to the Company s officers, directors, advisors and employees, (3) if a holder is an entity, as a distribution to its, partners,
stockholders or members upon its liquidation, (4) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder s immediate family or to a trust,
the beneficiary of which is a holder or a member of a holder s immediate family, for estate planning purposes, (5) by virtue of
the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (6) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (7) by certain pledges to secure
obligations incurred in connection with purchases of the Company s securities, or (8) by private sales at prices no greater than
the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement
and the insider letter. 

Our
initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at
any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes
would be repaid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest. 

45 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

2020 Transactions 

In
August 2020, our sponsor purchased 3,593,750 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.007 per share. We
subsequently declared a share dividend of 0.36 for each outstanding share, resulting in 4,887,500 shares outstanding, and on December
22, 2020 declared another share dividend of 0.03 for each outstanding share, resulting in 5,031,250 shares outstanding, which shares
are referred to herein as founder shares or insider shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company
of 25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. 

On
December 23, 2020, our Sponsor transferred 81,000 of its founder shares to three board members 27,000 Founder Shares to each board member,
for a nominal fee. On April 30, 2021, our Sponsor subsequently transferred 27,000 of its founder shares to a new board member. 

On
December 28, 2020, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we sold to our Sponsor 18,000,000 Private Warrants at a price of
 0.50 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 9,000,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO
except that the Private Warrants are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to
be held by the Sponsor, or its permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private
Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Private Placement Warrants Subscription Statement)
until the date we complete our initial business combination. The Sponsor was granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights
in connection with the purchase of the Private Warrants. 

The
holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding on the date of this Annual Report, as well as the holders of the Private Warrants
(and all underlying securities) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration rights agreement, dated December 22,
2020. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders
of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the
date on which these shares of Common Stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private warrants can elect
to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

In
order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our IPO, our initial stockholders, officers and directors and their
respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would be repaid upon consummation of our initial
business combination, without interest. 

2022 Transactions 

On March 21, 2022, March 23, 2022,
April 4, 2022, April 27, 2022, May 9, 2022, October 27, 2022, and November 25, 2022, we entered into subscription agreements with several
lenders for a loan of up to 4,000,000, in the aggregate (the Subscription Agreements ). 

Pursuant
to the Subscription Agreements, we issued a series of unsecured senior promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to 4,000,000
(the Notes to the subscribers. Of the 4,000,000 in Notes, 1,955,000 
 was subscribed for by several related parties affiliated with our sponsor, Viveon Health LLC, and the balance
in the amount of 2,045,000 was subscribed for by parties that are not related to our sponsor. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Subscription
Agreements, the subscribers also received warrants to purchase one share of our common stock for every 2.00 of the funded principal amount
of the Notes up to 2,000,000 shares of our common stock, in the aggregate, at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
(the Subscription Warrants ). The Subscription Warrant term commences on the Exercise Date (as hereinafter
defined) for a period of 49 months. The Subscription Warrants are exercisable commencing on the date of the initial business combination
(the Exercise Date and have a cashless exercise feature that is available at any time on or after the Exercise
Date. Commencing on the date 13 months following the Exercise Date, the subscribers have the right, but not the obligation, to put the
Subscription Warrants to us at a purchase price of 5.00 per share. We have agreed to file, within thirty (30) calendar days after the
consummation of an initial business combination, a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register for
resale the shares of common stock underlying the Subscription Warrants. 

The
Notes do not bear interest and mature upon the earlier of (i) the closing of our initial business combination, and (ii) December 31,
2022 (the Maturity Date ). The Notes provide for a credit line up to the maximum amount of 4,000,000. We
will not have the right to re-borrow any portion of any loans made under the Notes once repaid .
As of December 31, 2022, a commitment fee in the amount of 400,000, equal to 10 of the maximum principal amount of the Note, had been
paid to the subscribers, on a pro rata basis. In the event that we do not consummate a business combination by the Maturity Date, the
Notes will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of our Trust Account, if any. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, in connection
with the Merger Agreement (as defined below) a majority of the holders of the Notes and Subscription Warrants have agreed to exchange
such Notes and Subscription Warrants pursuant to the terms of an exchange agreement with Viveon dated as of May 1, 2023 (the Exchange
Agreement for a separate series of Clearday senior convertible promissory notes (the Clearday Senior Convertible
Notes ). The Clearday Senior Convertible Notes bear 8 interest per annum and mature upon the earlier of (i) June 30, 2024,
or (ii) the date of any Change in Control. . Upon the consummation of the business combination and the exchange of the Subscription Agreements
for the Clearday Senior Convertible Notes, the lenders will forfeit their Subscription Warrants as part of the exchange. One lender has
chosen not to convert to Clearday Senior Convertible Notes. The balance owed to this lender under the Notes is considered due upon demand
by the lender. As of the date of this filing of this Annual Report the lender has not requested payment of the Note. 

Of the 4,000,000 in notes, 1,955,000
was subscribed for by several related parties affiliated with our sponsor, Viveon Health LLC. 250,000 of the principal amount of the
Notes was funded by Brian Cole, one of our directors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement dated as of April 4, 2022, between the Company
and EAC Enterprises, L.P. Series D(the Cole Warrant Holder ), an entity that is an affiliate of, and controlled
by Brian Cole (the Cole Subscription Agreement ), and the balance of the Notes was subscribed for by parties
that are not related to our sponsor. The entry into the subscription agreements and the terms of the notes and warrants was approved by
the Audit Committee at a meeting held on March 21, 2022. Pursuant to the Cole Subscription Agreement, the Company also issued the Cole
Warrant Holder, a warrant to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. 

On
May 10, 2022, Suneva entered into a subordinated convertible promissory note (the Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note with Intuitus Suneva Debt LLC Intuitus ), pursuant to which Suneva borrowed an aggregate of 1,500,000 to
be used to fund working capital. The Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note bears interest at a rate of 10.0 per annum and is payable
upon the earlier of: (i) December 31, 2022 or (ii) the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Suneva. In
addition, Intuitus may elect by written notice to Suneva to convert all (but not less than all) of the then-outstanding principal and
interest on the Note into shares of Suneva Series AA Stock as is determined by dividing the total principal and accrued but unpaid interest
balance on the Note by the 0.80. The Company s Chief Financial Officer, Rom Papadopoulos, as Sole Proprietor of Intuitus, has
contributed 200,000 of the 1,500,000 available under the Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note. 

Commencing
on the date of the Company s final prospectus, the Company has agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 20,000 per
month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s
liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company incurred 240,000 and 240,000 of administrative service fees
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accrued amounts are included in Due to related party on the balance
consolidated balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 50,000 and 10,000 of such expenses were recorded in
Due to related party, respectively. 

2023 Transactions 

We have
an agreement to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a monthly fee of 20,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support and the series of unsecured senior promissory note agreements we entered into with several lenders affiliated with our Sponsor.
We began incurring these fees on December 22, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of
the Business Combination and our liquidation. 

On
February 2, 2023, the Merger Agreement between Viveon and Suneva was terminated. From the point of termination, the Subordinated Convertible
Promissory Note is no longer considered a related party transaction to Viveon as the Company will no longer be entering into a Business
Combination with Suneva. 

Pursuant
to a Warrant Cancellation and Forfeiture Agreement dated as of August 16, 2023, the Cole Warrant Holder agreed to forfeit for cancellation
89,029 of the warrant shares underlying the warrant issued pursuant to the Cole Subscription Agreement described above. At initial issuance
the value of the warrants exceeded 120,000. As a result, Mr. Cole agreed to forfeit certain of the warrants so that the value would
be reduced to 120,000 and would not impact the determination that he is an independent director. 

46 

We
reimburse our officers and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities
on our behalf such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount
of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited
in the Trust Account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by
us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee reviews and approves all reimbursements and payments made
to any initial stockholder or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments
made to members of our audit committee are reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director abstaining from
such review and approval. 

No
compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of
our initial stockholders, officers or directors who owned our shares of Common Stock, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior
to or with respect to the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any
compensation, will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested independent directors (to the extent we have
any) or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our
attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent 
directors (or, if there are no independent directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction
are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related
Party Policy 

Our
code of ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts
of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined
as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or
any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater
than 5 beneficial owner of our Common Stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has
or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial
owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult
to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family,
receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

Our
audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent
we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective
affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions
require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members
of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent
legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent 
directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect
to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete
a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

In
furtherance of our policies with respect to related party transactions, with respect to any initial business combination that we consider
with an entity that is affiliated with any of our initial stockholders, directors or officers, to further minimize potential conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity affiliated with such parties unless (i) an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target
business we seek to acquire that such an initial business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point
of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and of our independent directors. Furthermore, in no event will any
of our existing officers, directors or initial stockholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business
combination. 

Director
Independence 

NYSE
American s listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director
independence, see above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

47 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public
Accounting Fees 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Marcum LLP, has acted as our principal independent registered public accounting firm. The following
is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements
and services that are normally provided by Marcum LLP in connection with regulatory filings, such as registration statements filed with
the SEC. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements,
review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods, registration statements filed in connection
with the pursuit of a business combination, and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31 2022 totaled approximately
 473,903. Audit fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 149,000. The above amount includes interim procedures and
audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . We did not pay Marcum LLP for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the years ended
December 31, 2021 or 2022. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum LLP for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum LLP for other services for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2022. 

Pre-Approval
of Services 

All
services for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been approved by the audit committee. 

48 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following are filed with this report: 

(1) 
 The
 financial statements listed on the Financial Statements Table of Contents 

(2) 
 Not
 applicable 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s
website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, by and between Registrant and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 24, 2022) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 27, 2023) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 28, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 22, 2020 between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated December 22, 2020 between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated December 22, 2020, among the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officer and directors of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, among the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officer and directors of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 10.4 
 
 A Private Placement Warrants Subscription Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, among the Registrant and Viveon Health LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, by and among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, among the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officer and directors of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Viveon Health LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2020) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, between the Registrant and Mr. Demetrios G. Logothetis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 30, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Joinder Agreement, dated May 5, 2021, to the Stock Escrow Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, by and among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10K/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 17, 2021) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 24, 2022) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 24, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 24, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 24, 2022) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2023. 
 
 10.20 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2023. 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement 
 
 10.22 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note (Clearday, Inc.) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, between Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC. 
 
 14 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Form of Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VIVEON
 HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

Dated:
 August 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jagi Gill 

Name: 
 Jagi
 Gill 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jagi Gill 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 August
 23, 2023 
 
 Jagi
 Gill 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Rom Papadopoulos 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 August

 23, 2023 
 
 Rom
 Papadopoulos 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Demetrios (Jim) G. Logothetis 
 
 Director 
 
 August

 23, 2023 
 
 Demetrios
 (Jim) G. Logothetis 

/s/
 Brian Cole 
 
 Director 
 
 August

 23, 2023 
 
 Brian
 Cole 

/s/
 Doug Craft 
 
 Director 
 
 August

 23, 2023 
 
 Doug
 Craft 

50 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Viveon
Health Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and
the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable
period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

August
23, 2023 

F- 2 

PART
1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 Item
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Current
 assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Due
 from related party 

Total
 current assets 

Investment
 held in Trust Account 

Deferred tax asset 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 costs and expenses 

Franchise
 tax payable 

Note Agreements payable 

Note Agreements payable related party 

Due
 to related party 

Promissory
 note - related party 

Common stock tendered for redemption 

Total
 current liabilities 

Deferred
 underwriting fee 

Warrant
 liabilities 

Uncertain tax position 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (see Note 7) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders 
 Deficit: 

Preferred
 stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common
 stock not subject to possible redemption, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding
 and shares subject to redemption as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Deficit 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating costs 

Professional fees 

Franchise tax 

Stock compensation expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Expensed issuance costs on issuance of subscription warrants 

Interest and dividends earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Interest earned on money market account 

Interest expense - amortization of debt discount 

Gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Loss on issuance of subscription warrants 

Total other income 

Loss) income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net (loss) income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Year ended December 31,
 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption, to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

For the Year ended December 31,
 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Balance, value 

Additional offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering 

Stock compensation expense 

Net income 

Net income (loss) 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Expensed issuance costs on issuance of subscription warrants 

Interest and dividends earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Interest expense - amortization of debt discount 

Gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Loss on issuance of subscription warrants 

Stock compensation expense 

Deferred tax expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from related party 

Accounts payable 

Accrued costs and expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Due to related party 

Uncertain tax position 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for payment to redeeming stockholders 

Cash deposited to Trust Account for extension contribution 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Note Agreements payable 

Proceeds from Note Agreements payable related party 

Proceeds from promissory note- related party 

Payment to redeeming stockholders 

Payment of issuance costs 

Payment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of other payable - related party 

Offering costs paid 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Common stock tendered for redemption 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption,
 to redemption amount 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units 
and, with respect to the common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company
consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Warrants ), at a price of per Private Warrant, which is discussed
in Note 4. 

On
December 30, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option by purchasing Units (the Over-Allotment
Units ), generating aggregate of gross proceeds of . 

Upon
closing of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, (approximately per Unit) from net
offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants was placed in a trust
account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company
Act ), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering will
not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (1) the completion of the initial Business Combination within 15
months, unless extended to a total of 24 months, pursuant to the terms of an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), and (2) the Company s redemption of 
of the outstanding Public Shares if the Company has not completed a Business Combination in the required time period. 

While
the Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the cash held outside of the Trust Account,
substantially all of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants, which are placed in the
Trust Account, are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having
an aggregate fair market value of at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working
capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions) at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
connection with any proposed initial Business Combination, the Company will either (1) seek stockholder approval of such initial Business
Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their Public Shares, regardless of
whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their Public Shares to
the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described
herein. The Public Shares subject to redemption were recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards
Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). 

If
the Company determines to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each public stockholder may tender any
or all of his, her or its Public Shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. If enough stockholders tender their
shares so that the Company is unable to satisfy any applicable closing condition set forth in the definitive agreement related to its
initial Business Combination, or the Company is unable to maintain net tangible assets of at least , the Company will not consummate
such initial Business Combination. The decision as to whether it will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or
will allow stockholders to sell their shares to the Company in a tender offer will be made by the Company based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the transaction or whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. 

If
the Company provides stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to it by means of a tender offer, it will file tender offer
documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination
as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of its initial Business Combination, the
Company will consummate the Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock present in person or by
proxy at a meeting of the Company are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing redemption rights, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of its initial Business Combination and the Company does not
conduct redemptions in connection with its initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,(the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person
with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be
restricted from redeeming its Public Shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering,
without the Company s prior consent. The Company s Sponsor, officers and directors (the initial stockholders have agreed not to propose any amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (a) that would modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to provide for the redemption of its Public Shares in connection with an initial Business
Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within 15 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (b) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
March 18, 2022, the Company held a stockholder meeting to seek approval to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a
business combination from March 28, 2022 (the Original Termination Date to June 28, 2022. In connection with the
extension, the Company made a deposit into the Trust Account of 
on March 23, 2022. As part of the meeting, stockholders redeemed 
shares resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling approximately .
In addition, stockholders approved a proposal to allow the Company, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the date to
consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional one month each time after the Extended
Date, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, for a total of up to nine months after the Original
Termination Date, unless the closing of the proposed Business Combination with Suneva Medical, Inc. as described below or any
potential alternative initial Business Combination shall have occurred. On each of June 23, 2022, July 26, 2022, August 30, 2022,
September 28, 2022, October 28, 2022, and November 25, 2022 the Company deposited 
into the Trust Account to extend the date to consummate a Business Combination through July 28, 2022, August 28, 2022, September 28,
2022, October 28, 2022, November 28, 2022, and December 28, 2022, respectively. 

On December 23, 2022, the Company held its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to among other things, seek approval
to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
to allow the Company to extend the date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional
one month each time for a total of up to six months from December 28, 2022 until June 30, 2023 (the Second Extended Date ),
upon three calendar days advance notice prior to the applicable monthly deadline unless the closing of any potential initial business
combination shall have occurred prior to the Second Extended Date. On each of December 27, 2022, January 26, 2023, February 27, 2023,
March 27, 2023, and April 28, 2023, the Company deposited 
 into the Trust Account to extend the date to
consummate a Business Combination through January 31, 2023, February 28, 2023, March 31, 2023, April 30, 2023 and May 31, 2023, respectively.
Viveon made a final deposit of on May 24, 2023 for a one month extension until June 30, 2023. 

On June 22, 2023, the Company held a
stockholder meeting to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to allow the Company, without
another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by
an additional one month until December 31, 2023, by depositing 
into the trust account and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination
(without seeking additional approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from January 1, 2024 to March 31,
2024, with no additional deposits to be made into the Trust Account during such period, each such extension for an additional one
month period, (the Third Extended Date ). 

On June 22, 2023, the Company held a stockholder meeting (the June 2023 Stockholders Meeting in which
stockholders voted to (A) amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to allow the Company to (i)
initially extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six times, each such extension for
an additional one month period, until December 31, 2023, by depositing into the Trust Account, the amount of for each one-month
extension until December 31, 2023, and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination
(without seeking additional approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024,
with no additional deposits to be made into the Trust Account during such period, each such extension for an additional one month period,
(the Third Extended Date ), upon one calendar day advance notice to the Trustee, prior to the applicable monthly deadline,
unless the closing of the proposed initial business combination with Clearday, Inc., or any potential alternative initial business combination
shall have occurred prior to the Third Extended Date; and (B) to amend the Company s Investment
Management Trust Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, by and between the Company and the Trustee, allowing the Company to (i) initially
extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six times, each such extension for an additional
one month period, until December 31, 2023, by depositing into the Trust Account, the amount of for each one-month extension until
December 31, 2023, and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination (without seeking
additional approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024, each such extension
for an additional one month period, with no additional deposits to be made into the Trust Account during such period from January 1, 2024
through March 31, 2024. In connection with the stockholders vote at the June 2023 Stockholders Meeting, shares of common
stock were tendered for redemption. As a result, approximately (approximately per share) were removed from the
Company s Trust Account to pay such holders, without taking into account additional allocation of payments to cover any tax obligation
of the Company, such as franchise taxes, but not including any excise tax, since that date. Following redemptions, the Company has 
shares of public common stock outstanding, and approximately will remain in the Trust Account. On June 27, 2023, and July 27, 2023,
the Company deposited in the Trust Account, to extend the date by which the Company can complete an initial business combination
by one month to July 31, 2023 and August 31, 2023, respectively. 

If
the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination by the Third Extended Date (the Combination Period ),
the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than five business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding Public Shares (including any Units or Public Shares that its initial
stockholders or their affiliates purchased in the Initial Public Offering or later acquired in the open market or in private transactions),
which will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably practicable following such redemption, subject
to the approval of the Company s remaining holders of common stock and its board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary
liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to its obligations to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. 

The
Company s initial stockholders agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to
any Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) held by them if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period. However, if the initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business
Combination within the Combination Period. 

Merger
Agreement 

On
January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Old Merger Agreement by and among the Company,
VHAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Old Merger Sub ), and
Suneva Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation Suneva ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a Business
Combination between the Company and Suneva will be effected through the merger of Old Merger Sub with and into Suneva, with Suneva
surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Old Merger ). The board of directors of the
Company has (i) approved and declared advisable the Old Merger Agreement, the Old Merger and the other transactions contemplated
thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Old Merger Agreement and related transactions by the stockholders of the
Company. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
July 13, 2022, the Company, Old Merger Sub, and Suneva entered into the Second Amendment to Old Merger Agreement (the Second
Amendment that amended and modified the Old Merger Agreement to extend the outside closing date to December 31, 2022 and to
reduce the amount of parent closing cash required as a closing condition from 
million to 
million, net of Suneva expenses and Viveon expenses Parent Expenses and net of repayment of the 
million Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note (as defined in Note 5) issued by Suneva to Intuitus Suneva Debt LLC (an entity
affiliated with Viveon s Chief Financial Officer), dated May 10, 2022 (unless converted into Suneva capital stock at the
consummation of the business combination, which conversion is mandatory except in the case of a default by Suneva). Further, the
defined term Parent Expenses was amended to include the Viveon s operating expenses, severance payments and deferred
compensation. 

On
November 10, 2022, the Company, Old Merger Sub, and Suneva entered into the Third Amendment to Old Merger Agreement (the
 Third Amendment that amended and modified the Old Merger Agreement to (i) fix the aggregate exercise price for all of
the in-the-money Suneva options and warrants at ,
representing the aggregate exercise price for all the in-the-money Suneva options and warrants outstanding as of the date of the
Third Amendment, and extend the outside closing date from December 31, 2022 to March 31, 2023, to the extent the Company s
stockholders approve an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company
has to consummate a business combination to June 30, 2023. 

On
February 2, 2023, legal counsel for Viveon sent a letter informing Suneva s legal counsel that Viveon decided, effective
immediately, to unilaterally terminate the Old Merger Agreement pursuant to Sections 10.2(a) and 10.3 thereof, based upon material
breaches of the Old Merger Agreement by Suneva. The termination letter was sent without prejudice and reserved all of Viveon, Old
Merger Sub and Viveon Health, LLC (Viveon s sponsor) rights, claims and remedies, specifically including those within the
Merger Agreement, against Suneva and others associated with Suneva who participated in the merger discussions and arrangements, and
waived none. 

Merger
Agreement with Clearday 

On
April 5, 2023, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Viveon,
Clearday, Inc., a Delaware corporation Clearday , VHAC2 Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation New Merger Sub ), Viveon Health LLC, a Delaware limited liability Company, in the capacity as the
representative from and after the effective time for the stockholders of the Company (other than the Company Stockholders (as
defined in the Merger Agreement)) as of immediately prior to the effective time (and their successors and assigns) in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, and Clearday SR LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in the capacity as
the representative from and after the effective time for the holders of Company preferred stock as of immediately prior to the
effective time (and their successors and assigns) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to
the terms of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between the Company and Clearday will be effected through the merger of
New Merger Sub with and into Clearday, with Clearday surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the
Company will change its name to Clearday Holdings, Inc. (the Merger ). The board of directors of
the Company has (i) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby
and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Merger Agreement, the Merger and related transactions by the stockholders of Company.
Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consideration 

Merger
Consideration 

The
total consideration to be paid at closing (the Merger Consideration by the Company to Clearday security holders
(and holders who have the right to acquire Clearday capital stock) will be an amount equal to 
 Million (plus the aggregate exercise price for
all Clearday options and warrants). The Merger Consideration will be payable in shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 
 per share, valued at 
 per share. 

Earnout
Payments 

In
addition, the holders of Clearday preferred stock will have the contingent right to earn up to 
 shares of the Company s common stock, in
the aggregate (the Earnout Shares ), if at any time during the period beginning on the date of the Closing (the Closing
Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date (the Earnout Eligibility Period ), the Adjusted
Net Income (as defined below) for any Earnout Period is a positive number for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period (the
 Earnout Milestone ). Under the Merger Agreement, Adjusted Net Income means for any Earnout Period, the consolidated
net income or loss for such period calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP applied on a basis consistent with past practice, of (a) for
periods prior to the Closing, the Company and its subsidiaries (the Company Group ), and (b) for periods from and after
the Closing, of us and our subsidiaries (including the Company Group), in each case before adjusting for the following to the extent
deducted/added in calculating consolidated net income or loss: (1) interest expense/income; (2) income tax expense/tax credits; (3) depreciation
and amortization; (4) transaction expenses; (5) extraordinary items; (6) any income or loss attributable to us that accrues in accordance
with U.S. GAAP on or prior to the Closing Date; and (7) all gains or losses in connection with sales or dispositions of assets and investments
not in the ordinary course of business. 

If,
following the Closing Date and prior to end of the Earnout Eligibility Period, there is a change of control, then, immediately prior
to such change of control, all the Earnout Shares not yet earned shall be earned by the Clearday earnout holders and shall be released
from escrow and delivered to the Clearday earnout holders, and the Clearday earnout holders shall be eligible to participate in such
change of control transaction with respect to such Earnout Shares. 

The
Earnout Shares will be placed in escrow and will not be released from escrow until they are earned as a result of the occurrence of the
Earnout Milestone or a change of control, if applicable. The Earnout Shares that are not earned on or before the expiration of the Earnout
Eligibility Period shall be automatically forfeited and cancelled. 

Treatment
of Clearday Securities 

Cancellation
of Securities. 

Each
share of Clearday capital stock, if any, that is owned by the Company, New Merger Sub, Clearday, or any of their subsidiaries (as treasury
stock or otherwise) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), will automatically
be cancelled and retired without any conversion or consideration. 

Preferred
Stock. 

At
the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of Clearday s Series F Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
 
 per share Clearday Series F Preferred
Stock (other than any such shares of Clearday capital stock cancelled as described above and any dissenting shares), will
be converted into the right to receive: . 

Each
issued and outstanding share of Clearday s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 
 per share Clearday Series A Preferred
Stock (other than any such shares of Clearday capital stock cancelled as described above and any dissenting shares), will
be converted into the right to receive: . 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Common
Stock. 

At
the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of Clearday s common stock, par value 
 per share Clearday Common Stock (other than any such shares of Clearday capital stock cancelled as described above and any dissenting shares) will be converted into
the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the conversion ratio. The Conversion Ratio 
as defined in the Merger Agreement means an amount equal to (a)(i) or more), divided by (ii) the number of fully diluted Clearday capital stock (including Clearday preferred
stock, warrants, stock options, convertible notes ,
and any other convertible securities) (excluding unvested options and options or warrants with an exercise or conversion price of 5.00
or more and assuming a conversion price of Clearday subsidiary securities as provided in the Merger Agreement); divided by (b) 10.00. 

Merger
Sub Securities. 

Each
share of common stock, par value per share, of New Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
will be converted into and become one newly issued share of common stock of the surviving corporation. 

Stock
Options. 

At
the Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Clearday Common Stock will be converted into an option to purchase,
subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such options prior to the Effective Time, shares of the
Company s common stock equal to the number of shares subject to such option prior to the effective time multiplied by the Conversion
Ratio, at an exercise price per share of the Company s common stock equal to the exercise price per share of Clearday Common Stock
subject to such option divided by the Conversion Ratio. 

Warrants.

Contingent
on and effective as of immediately prior to the effective time, each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of Clearday Preferred Stock
or Clearday Common Stock will be treated in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Convertible
Notes . 

Contingent
on and effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, Clearday s convertible notes outstanding as of immediately prior
to the effective time, will be treated in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such convertible notes. 

Subsidiary
Capital Stock . 

At
and as of the effective time, the subsidiary capital stock will remain in full force and effect with the right to acquire the Clearday
Common Stock with such adjustments noted in the terms of such subsidiary capital stock. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Representations
and Warranties 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to, among other things, (a) corporate
existence and power, (b) authorization to enter into the Merger Agreement and related transactions; subsidiaries, (c) governmental authorization,
(d) non-contravention, (e) capitalization, (f) corporate records, (g) consents, (h) financial statements, (i) internal accounting controls,
(j) absence of certain changes, (k) properties; title to assets, (l) litigation, (m) material contracts, (n) licenses and permits, (o)
compliance with laws, (p) intellectual property, (q) privacy and data security, (r) employee matters and benefits, (s) tax matters, (t)
real property, (u) environmental laws, (v) finders fees, (w) directors and officers, (x) anti-money laundering laws, (y) insurance,
(z) related party transactions, and (aa) certain representations related to securities law and activity. The Company has additional representations
and warranties, including (a) issuance of shares, (b) trust fund, (c) listing, (d) board approval, (e) SEC documents and financial statements,
(f) certain business practices, (g) expenses, indebtedness and other liabilities and (h) brokers and other advisors. 

Covenants 

The
Merger Agreement includes customary covenants of the parties with respect to operation of their respective businesses prior to consummation
of the Merger and efforts to satisfy conditions to consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement also contains additional covenants
of the parties, including, among others, access to information, cooperation in the preparation of the registration statement and proxy
statement (as each such terms are defined in the Merger Agreement) required to be filed in connection with the Merger and to obtain all
requisite approvals of each party s respective stockholders. The Company and Clearday have each also agreed to include in the proxy
statement the recommendation of its respective board that its stockholders approve all of the proposals to be presented at its respective
special meeting. In addition, each of the Company and Clearday have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit and finalize
definitive documentation for a committed equity in an aggregate amount that, together with the funds in the Trust Account after giving
effect to potential redemptions from the Company s public stockholders, together with financing programs available to Clearday
after the Closing, will provide to Clearday working capital to meet its short term commercial development goals. 

The
Company has also agreed to prepare a proxy statement to seek the approval of its stockholders (the Extension Proposal to amend its organizational documents to extend the period of time the Company is afforded under its organizational documents and IPO
prospectus to consummate an initial business combination for an additional three months, from June 30,2023 to September 30, 2023 (or
such earlier date as the Company and Clearday may agree in writing). 

Each
party s representations, warranties and pre-Closing covenants will not survive Closing and no party has any post-Closing indemnification
obligations. 

Viveon
Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Company has agreed to approve and adopt an equity incentive plan (the Incentive Plan to be effective as of the
Closing and in a form mutually acceptable to the Company and Clearday, subject to approval of the Incentive Plan by the Company s
stockholders. The Incentive Plan will provide for an initial aggregate share reserve equal to 
of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding at the Closing and an evergreen provision
that is mutually agreeable to the Company and Clearday will provide for an automatic increase on the first day of each fiscal year in
the number of shares available for issuance under the Incentive Plan as mutually determined by the Company and Clearday. 

Non-Solicitation
Restrictions 

Each
of the Company and Clearday has agreed that from the date of the Merger Agreement to the effective time or, if earlier, the valid termination
of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, it will not initiate any negotiations with any party relating to an alternative
transaction (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) or enter into any agreement relating to such a proposal, other than as
expressly excluded from the definition of an alternative transaction. Each of the Company and Clearday has also agreed to be responsible
for any acts or omissions of any of its respective representatives that, if they were the acts or omissions of the Company and Clearday,
as applicable, would be deemed a breach of the party s obligations with respect to these non-solicitation restrictions. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Conditions
to Closing 

The
consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the absence of any applicable law or order restraining, prohibiting
or imposing any condition on the consummation of the Merger and related transactions, (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting
period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iii) receipt of any consent, approval or authorization
required by any Authority (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (iv) the Company having net tangible assets of at least 
 (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1)
of the Exchange Act), unless the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation shall have been amended to remove
such requirement prior to or concurrently with the Closing, (v) approval by Clearday s stockholders of the Merger and related transactions,
(vi) approval by the Company s stockholders of the Merger and related transactions, (vii) the conditional approval for listing
by NYSE American (or an alternate exchange) of the shares of the Company s common stock to be issued in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement and satisfaction of initial and continued listing requirements, and (viii) the registration statement
becoming effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ). 

Solely
with respect to the Company and New Merger Sub, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) Clearday
having duly performed or complied with all of its obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (ii) the
representations and warranties of Clearday, other than certain fundamental representations as defined in the Merger Agreement, being
true and correct in all respects unless failure would not have or reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) on Clearday or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) certain fundamental representations, as defined in
the Merger Agreement, being true and correct in all respects, other than de minimis inaccuracies, (iv) no event having occurred that
would result in a material adverse effect on Clearday or any of its subsidiaries, (v) Clearday and its securityholders having
executed and delivered to the Company each additional agreement (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to which they each are a party
and (vi) Clearday delivering certain certificates to the Company. 

Solely
with respect to Clearday, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) Viveon and New Merger Sub having
duly performed or complied with all of their respective obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (ii) the representations
and warranties of the Company and Merger Sub, other than certain fundamental representations as defined in the Merger Agreement, being
true and correct in all respects unless failure to be true and correct would not have or reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the Company or New Merger Sub and their ability to consummate the Merger and related transactions, (iii) certain fundamental
representations, as defined in the Merger Agreement, being true and correct in all respects, other than de minimis inaccuracies,
(iv) no event having occurred that would result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or New Merger Sub, (v) the amended parent
charter (as defined in the Merger Agreement) being filed with, and declared effective by, the Delaware Secretary of State, (vi) the Company
delivering certain certificates to Clearday, (vii) the size and composition of the post-Closing board of directors of the Company having
been appointed as set forth in the Merger Agreement and (viii) the Company, Viveon Health LLC and other stockholders, as applicable,
having executed and delivered to Clearday each additional agreement to which they each are a party. 

Termination 

The
Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective time as follows: 

(i)
by either the Company or Clearday, if (A) the Merger and related transactions are not consummated on or before the latest of (i) June 30, 2023, (ii) if the Extension Proposal is approved, September 30, 2023 and (iii) if one or more extensions to a date following September
30, 2023 are obtained at the election of the Company, with the Company s stockholder vote, in accordance with the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the last date for the Company to consummate a business combination pursuant to such
extensions; and (B) the material breach or violation of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation under the Merger Agreement
by the party seeking to terminate the Merger Agreement was not the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the closing to occur on or
before the outside Closing Date, without liability to the other party; 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(ii)
by either the Company or Clearday, if any authority has issued any final decree, order, judgment, award, injunction, rule or consent
or enacted any law, having the effect of permanently enjoining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, provided that, the party
seeking to terminate cannot have breached its obligations under the Merger Agreement and such breach was a substantial cause of, or substantially
resulted in, such action by the authority; and 

(iii)
by mutual written consent of the Company and Clearday duly authorized by each of their respective boards of directors. 

The
Merger Agreement and other agreements described below have been included to provide investors with information regarding their respective
terms. They are not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, Clearday or the other parties thereto. In particular,
the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement were made as of a specified date, are modified
or qualified by information in one or more disclosure letters prepared in connection with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement,
may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to investors, or may have been
used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement
are not necessarily characterizations of the actual state of facts about the Company, Clearday or the other parties thereto at the time
they were made or otherwise and should only be read in conjunction with the other information that the Company or Clearday makes publicly
available in reports, statements and other documents filed with the SEC. The Company and Clearday investors and securityholders are not
third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement. 

Certain
Related Agreements 

Parent
Support Agreements . 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company, Clearday and the Sponsor and the officers and directors of the Company entered
into a support agreement (the Parent Support Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor and the officers and directors
of the Company have agreed to vote all shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by them, including any additional
shares of the Company they acquire ownership of or the power to vote: (i) in favor of the Merger and related transactions, (ii) against
any action reasonably be expected to impede, delay, or materially and adversely affect the Merger and related transactions, and (iii)
in favor of an extension of the period of time the Company is afforded to consummate an initial business combination. 

Company
Support Agreements . 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company, Clearday and certain stockholders of Clearday entered into a support agreement
(the Company Support Agreement ), pursuant to which such Clearday stockholders have agreed to vote all common and
preferred stock of Clearday beneficially owned by them, including any additional shares of Clearday they acquire ownership of or the
power to vote, in favor of the Merger and related transactions and against any action reasonably be expected to impede, delay, or materially
and adversely affect the Merger and related transactions. 

Lock-Up
Agreements. 

In
connection with the closing, certain Clearday stockholders will each agree, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to (i) offer,
sell contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any lockup shares, (ii) enter into a transaction that
would have the same effect, (iii) enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of the lock-up shares or otherwise, (iv) engage in any short sales or other arrangement with respect to the
lock-up shares or (v) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) until the date
that is six months after the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period ). The term Lockup Shares mean the Merger
Consideration Shares and the Earnout Shares, if any, whether or not earned prior to the end of the Lock-up Period, together with any
other shares of the Company s common stock, and including any securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, or representing
the rights to receive the Company s common stock, if any, acquired during the Lock-up Period. If the closing price of the Company s
common stock equals or exceeds 
 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the Closing Date,
 
of the Lock-up Shares will be released from the lock-up. The existing escrow provisions of the Company s common stock held by certain
stockholders will remain in effect. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. 

At
the Closing, the Company will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement with certain existing stockholders of the Company and Clearday with respect to their shares of the Company s
common stock acquired before or pursuant to the Merger, and including the shares issuable on conversion of the warrants issued to the
Sponsor in connection with the Company s initial public offering and any shares issuable on conversion of loans or other convertible
securities. The agreement amends and restates the registration rights agreement the Company entered into on December 22, 2020 in connection
with its initial public offering. Subject to the Lock-Up Agreements described above, the holders of a majority of the shares held by
the Company s existing stockholders, and the holders of a majority of the shares held by the Clearday stockholders will each be
entitled to make one demand that Clearday register such securities for resale under the Securities Act, or two demands each if the Company
is eligible to use Form S-3 or a similar short-form registration statement. In addition, the holders will have certain piggy-back 
registration rights that require the Company to include such securities in registration statements that the Company otherwise files.
The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering
the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Going
Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had of cash and cash equivalents held outside the Trust Account available for working
capital needs. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s ASC
Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern , management has determined that if the Company is unable
to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs or complete a Business Combination by March 31, 2024, then the Company will cease
all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these consolidated
financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be
unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date or
obtain approval for an extension. 

Risks
 Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a prospective
partner company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions due to the current conflict between Ukraine and Russia.
The conflict is expected to have further global economic consequences, including but not limited to the possibility of severely diminished
liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in inflation rates and uncertainty
about economic and political stability. In addition, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions on Russia which increases
the risk that Russia, as a retaliatory action, may launch cyberattacks against the United States, its government, infrastructure and
businesses. Any of the foregoing consequences, including those we cannot yet predict, may cause our business, financial condition, results
of operations and the price of our common stock to be adversely affected. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 and Excise Tax 

On
August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a excise
tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by publicly traded U.S. corporations and certain U.S. subsidiaries of publicly traded
non-U.S. corporations beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). Because we are a Delaware corporation
and our securities trade on the New York Stock Exchange, we will likely be considered a covered corporation within the
meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act. While not free from doubt, absent any further guidance from Congress or the U.S. Department of
the Treasury, there is significant risk that the Excise Tax will apply to any redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022,
including redemptions in connection with an initial Business Combination and any amendment to our certificate of incorporation to extend
the time to consummate an initial Business Combination, unless an exemption is available. In addition, the Excise Tax may make a transaction
with us less appealing to potential business combination targets, and thus, potentially hinder our ability to enter into and consummate
an initial Business Combination. Further, the application of the Excise Tax in the event of a liquidation after December 31, 2022 is
uncertain, and could impact the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , were held in money market funds as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, respectively. 

and 
were held in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company s investments
held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheet at fair value
at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of investments held in Trust Account
are included in Interest and dividends earned on investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying statement of operations. The estimated
fair values of investments held in Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Public Shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and subsequent full exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option that have not been redeemed by stockholders, contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such
redeemable common stock in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection
with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. In
accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption
provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent
equity. Therefore, all Public Shares been classified outside of permanent equity. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable
common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. There was no change in redemption
value for the year ended December 31, 2021. In connection with extending the Company s Original Termination Date to the
Extended Date, the Company deposited ,
 , ,
 , ,
and 
into the Trust Account on March 23, 2022, June 23, 2022, July 26, 2022, August 30, 2022, September 28, 2022, October 28, 2022, and
November 25, 2022 respectively. In connection to the Company s Second Extended Date, the Company deposited 
into the Trust Account on December 27, 2022. The Company recorded increases in the redemption value of common stock subject to
redemption of 
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In connection to the Company s Third Extended Date, On June 27, 2023, the
Company deposited the payment of in the Trust Account, to extend the date by which the Company can complete an initial business
combination by one month to July 31, 2023. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the redeemable common stock reflected in the consolidated balance sheets are reconciled in
the following table: 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Fair value of Rights at issuance 

Issuance costs allocated to common stock subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Redemption of common stock by stockholders 

Common stock tendered for redemption 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

as a result of the Initial Public Offering (consisting of a cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fees,
and of other offering costs). The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity in connection
with the redeemable common stock included in the Units. The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of permanent
equity in connection with the Public Warrants and Rights classified as equity instruments. The Company immediately expensed of
offering costs in connection with the Private Warrants that were classified as liabilities. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and 0 , respectively. The
Company s management determined that the United States is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes
accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of
interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review
that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations
by major taxing authorities since inception. 

See
Note 11 for additional information on income taxes for the periods presented. 

shares of common stock in the aggregate. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Denominator: 

Weighted Average Common Stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common
stock, par value per share, one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants and one right (the Rights ).
Each Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of a share of common stock at a price of per whole
share. Each Right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-twentieth (1/20) of a share of common stock upon consummation of an initial
Business Combination. 

On
December 30, 2020, the Company sold Over-Allotment Units pursuant to the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment
option (see Note 7), generating aggregate of gross proceeds of . 

Private Warrants at a price of 
per warrant in the aggregate), each exercisable to purchase one-half of one share common stock at a price of per whole
share, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of this offering. A portion of the purchase price of the Private
Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 
shares of common stock, par value (the Founder Shares ). On December 3, 2020, the Company declared a share dividend
of for each outstanding share, resulting in shares outstanding, and on December 22, 2020 the Company declared a share
dividend of resulting in shares which includes an aggregate of up to shares that are subject to forfeiture to
the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, and up to an aggregate of 
shares of common stock (or shares of common stock to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised,
pro rata) that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that Rights are exercised upon consummation of an initial Business Combination.
In connection with the underwriters fully exercise of their over-allotment option on December 30, 2020 (see Note 7), the 
shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Founder Shares were placed into an escrow account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as escrow agent.

During
the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) to any persons (including
their affiliates and stockholders) participating in the Private Placement of the Private Warrants, officers, directors, stockholders,
employees and members of the Company s Sponsor and its affiliates, (2) amongst initial stockholders or their respective affiliates,
or to the Company s officers, directors, advisors and employees, (3) if a holder is an entity, as a distribution to its, partners,
stockholders or members upon its liquidation, (4) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder s immediate family or to a trust,
the beneficiary of which is a holder or a member of a holder s immediate family, for estate planning purposes, (5) by virtue of
the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (6) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (7) by certain pledges to secure
obligations incurred in connection with purchases of the Company s securities, (8) by private sales at prices no greater than the
price at which the shares were originally purchased or (9) for the cancellation of up to shares of common stock subject to forfeiture
to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part or in connection with the consummation
of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

On
December 23, 2020, the Sponsor transferred of its Founder Shares of the Company to three board members (the Transferees ( Founder Shares to each Transferee) for a nominal fee. On April 30, 2021, the Sponsor subsequently transferred of its Founder
Shares of the Company to a new board member (the Additional Transferee , and, together with the Transferees, the Directors ).
These awards are subject to ASC 718. 

Under
ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founder
Shares vested immediately, and, as such, in accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense on the transfer date
in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received
for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The fair value of the Founder Shares transferred to the Additional Transferee was determined
to be per share) as of April 30, 2021. The Company recognized compensation expense of within stock compensation
expense in the Company s statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company did not recognize compensation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note Agreements Payable - Related Party 

We entered into a series of Note Agreements with several lenders affiliated with our Sponsor, Viveon Health LLC and
Intuitus Group LLC, for which the Chief Financial Officer of the Company is the Sole Proprietor for up to an aggregate amount totaling
 (see Note 6). As of December 31, 2022, the balance on the Notes was . 

Promissory
Notes - Related Party 

The
Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to
a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2021 or the completion
of the Initial Public Offering. On January 13, 2021, the Company paid the balance on the note from the proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering. The Company no longer has the ability to borrow under the Note. 

The Chief Financial Officer of the Company loaned the Company to
cover expenses related to ongoing operations, which was funded on December 27, 2022. This loan is non-interest bearing and payable
upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The loan agreement was entered into on December 27, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the loan was and
 ,
respectively. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, loaned the Company an additional
 
 through the date of this filing.
These loans will be exchanged for Clearday Senior Convertible Notes upon consummation of the Company s initial Business
Combination. 

The Chief Executive Officer of the Company loaned the Company to cover expenses related to ongoing operations, which
was funded on April 2, 2023. This loan is non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation of the Company s initial Business
Combination. The loan agreement was entered into on April 2, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the
outstanding balance of the loan was , respectively. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, three investors in the Sponsor, loaned the Company 
 in the aggregate, to cover expenses related to
ongoing operations, funded on April 5, 2023, and April 7, 2023. These loans are non-interest bearing and payable upon consummation of
the Company s initial Business Combination. The loan agreements were entered into on April 5, 2023, and April 7, 2023. As of December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the loan was ,
respectively. 

On
May 12, 2023, the Company entered into an unsecured promissory note with Clearday (the Clearday Note ). The
Clearday Note is non-interest bearing mature upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the issuance date and (ii) December 31,
2022. Proceeds provided to us under the Clearday Note through the filing date were approximately 881,710 during fiscal year 2023.Funds
in the Trust Account may not be used to repay the obligations under the Clearday Note. We used such funds for general working capital
purposes. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would be repaid upon consummation of the
Company s initial Business Combination, without interest. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no borrowings
under Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative
Service Fee 

Commencing
on the date of the Company s final prospectus, the Company has agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of per
month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s
liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company incurred and of administrative service fees
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accrued amounts are included in Due to related party on the balance
consolidated balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of such expenses were recorded in
Due to related party, respectively. 

Due
to Related Party 

The
Company s directors and officers are reimbursed for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with
certain activities on behalf of the Company, such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and Business
Combinations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
and 
of such expenses were incurred, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 
of such expenses were recorded in Due to related party, respectively. 

Due from Related Party 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a receivable of
 in connection with a payment made by the Company to a vendor on behalf of a related party. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was repaid for the receivable. As of December
31, 2022, the balance in Due from related party is 0 . 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

is loaned by lenders who are affiliated with the sponsor and a director of the Company, and Intuitus Group
LLC, for which the Chief Financial Officer of the Company is the Sole Proprietor . The Notes do not bear interest and were set
to mature upon the earlier of (i) the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) December 31, 2022 (the
 Original Maturity Date ). A commitment fee in the amount equal to 
of all amounts funded under Notes (up to a maximum of ),
is due to the subscribers, on a pro rata basis, by the Company promptly following the initial funding. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company has received 
million of funding for the Notes. The Company has paid 
in commitment fees as of December 31, 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, in connection with the business combination a
majority of the lenders of the Notes have agreed to exchange their Notes with the Company for Clearday Senior Convertible Notes.
Upon the consummation of the business combination and the exchange of the Subscription Agreements for the Clearday Senior
Convertible Notes, the lenders will forfeit their Subscription Warrants as part of the exchange. One lender has chosen not to convert
to Clearday Senior Convertible Notes. The balance owed to this lender under the Notes is considered due upon demand by the lender.
As of the date of this filing of this Annual Report the lender has not requested payment of the Note. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Note Agreements, the subscribers shall receive warrants to purchase one share of Company common stock for every 
 of the funded principal amount of the Notes up
to shares
of the Company common stock, in the aggregate, at an exercise price of 
 per share, subject to adjustment (the Subscription
Warrants ). See Note 9 for additional terms of the Subscription Warrants. Pursuant to a warrant cancellation and forfeiture agreement
dated as of August 16, 2023, one of the Company s directors agreed to forfeit for cancellation of the warrant shares underlying the warrant issued to an affiliate that he controls in connection with the Notes described above. 

In
accordance with ASC 470-20-25-2, Debt with Conversion and Other Options - Debt Instruments with Detachable Warrants, the proceeds
from the issuance of the Notes were allocated to the Notes and Subscription Warrants using the with-and-without method. Under this method,
the Company first allocated the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes to the Subscription Warrants based on their initial fair value
measurement of for the Subscription Warrants issued on March 21, 2022, for the Subscription Warrants issued on March
23, 2022, for the Subscription Warrants issued on April 4, 2022, for the Subscription Warrants issued on April 27,
2022, for the Subscription Warrants issued on May 9, 2022, for the Subscription Warrants issued on October 27, 2022,
and for the Subscription Warrants issued on November 25, 2022. The measurement of the Subscription Warrants fair value was determined
utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model considering all relevant assumptions current at the dates of issuance. See Note 10 for additional
details on the assumptions used. The initial fair value of the Subscription Warrants exceeded the proceeds received from the issuance
of the Notes. As such, the proceeds allocated to the Notes were nil. The Company recognized a loss on issuance of the Subscription Warrants
of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company complies with ASC Topic 835, Interest ASC 835 ). In accordance with ASC 835-30, discounts to the principal
amounts are included in the carrying value of the Notes and amortized to Interest expense over the remaining term of the
underlying debt to the Original Maturity Date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a debt discount
upon issuance of the Notes, respectively. The discount was amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt to the Original Maturity
Date. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amortization of the discount resulted in interest expense of . 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Debt discount 

Carrying value of notes 

additional shares of common stock to cover over-allotments
at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment
option in full on December 28, 2020. 

The
underwriter was paid a cash underwriting fee of per share, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. In addition, per share, or in the aggregate was payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions.
The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

In addition, subject to certain conditions, the Company
granted the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, for a period of 12 months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination,
a right of first refusal to act as book-running managing underwriter or placement agent, with at least 30 of the economics, for any and
all future public and private equity, convertible and debt offerings. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(E)(i), such right of first
refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement related to our initial
public offering. Subsequently this agreement was voided. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the Company s Founder Shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the Private
Warrants (and underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the
effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that the Company
registers such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time
commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority
of the Private Warrants (and underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates
a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to the Company s consummation of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Vendor
Agreements 

On
May 18, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a transactional and strategic advisory firm (the Strategic Advisor for advisory services as needed by the Company in connection with a Business Combination. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company incurred
approximately in fees. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, of such fees remain unpaid and are included
in accrued costs and expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. On November 1, 2021, the Company and the Strategic Advisor entered
into an amendment to the agreement. Pursuant to this amendment, the Company will pay the Strategic Advisor a fee of , inclusive
of the accrued as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The remaining is contingent upon the consummation
of the Business Combination. 

On
October, 8, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a financial advisor (the Exclusive Financial Advisor for
financial advisory services such as financial and transaction feasibility analysis, assistance in negotiations, assistance in capital
planning, and other customary services in connection with a Business Combination, pursuant to which the Company will pay the Exclusive
Financial Advisor a fee of contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination. This agreement was terminated on
January 31, 2023 as a result of the termination of the merger agreement between the Company and Suneva. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
November 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a financial advisor (the Second Financial Advisor for financial
advisory services such as guidance on valuation and transaction structure and terms, assistance in negotiations, coordination of due
diligence, documentation, and transaction closing, and introduction of the Company to institutional investors in connection with a Business
Combination, pursuant to which the Company will pay the Second Financial Advisor a fee of contingent upon the consummation of
the Business Combination. As a result of the termination of the merger agreement between the Company and Suneva, this agreement was terminated on January 31, 2023, and there are no related contingent fees for the agreement. 

On
November 2, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a financial advisor (the Third Financial Advisor for
financial advisory services such as market related advice and assistance in connection with a Business Combination, pursuant to
which the Company will pay the Third Financial Advisor a fee of 
contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination. As a result of the termination of the merger agreement between the Company and Suneva, this agreement was terminated
on June 9, 2023, and there are no related contingent fees for the agreement. 

On
November 5, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with an advisor (the Advisor for services such as assistance in
refining strategic objectives, preparation or refinement of solicitation materials, identification, contact, and solicitation of or potential
investors and other sources of capital, and assistance in review, selection, negotiation, and closing of a transaction in connection
with a Business Combination, pursuant to which the Company will pay the Advisor a fee of contingent upon the consummation of
the Business Combination. As a result of the termination of the merger agreement between the Company and Suneva, this agreement was terminated
on June 19, 2023, and there are no related contingent fees for the agreement. 

On
February 17, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a broker-dealer (the Broker-Dealer for services such as
providing the Company with capital markets advisory services with regard to a forward purchase agreement, convertible private
investment in public equity PIPE ), secured credit facility, and any other capital structure topics in connection with
a Business Combination, pursuant to which the Company will pay the Broker-Dealer a fee of .
This agreement was terminated on June 9, 2023, as a result of the termination of the merger agreement between the Company and
Suneva. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement the Broker-Dealer will remain entitled to the fee of 
if a Business Combination is consummated within 24 months after the termination date. The Company is pursuing a waiver from the
Broker-Dealer to waive the 
fee upon a Business Combination. As such, the fee remains contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Extension 

On
March 18, 2022, the Company held its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders for the purpose of approving: (i) a proposal to approve an amendment
to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to (i) extend the date by which the Company has to consummate
a Business Combination for three months, from March 28, 2022 (the Original Termination Date to June 28, 2022 (the Extended
Date ), and (ii) allow the Company, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the date to consummate a Business Combination
on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional one month each time after the Extended Date, upon five days advance notice
prior to the applicable deadline, for a total of up to nine months after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of the proposed
Business Combination with Suneva Medical, Inc. or any potential alternative initial Business Combination shall have occurred (the Extension
Proposal (ii) a proposal to re-elect five current directors to the Company s Board of Directors (the Director Election
Proposal and (iii) a proposal to ratify the appointment of Marcum LLP as the Company s independent registered certified
public accountants for fiscal year 2020 (the Auditor Ratification Proposal ). Stockholders voted to approve the Extension
Proposal, Director Election Proposal and Auditor Ratification Proposal. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
March 18, 2022, stockholders elected to redeem shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in redemption payments
out of the Trust Account totaling approximately . Subsequent to the redemptions, shares of common stock remained
in the Trust Account. 

On March 21, 2022, March 23, 2022, April 4, 2022, April 27, 2022, May 9,
2022, October 27, 2022, and November 25, 2022, the Company entered into the Note Agreements (see Note 6). The Note Agreements included Subscription Warrants (see Note
9). The entry into the Note Agreements and the terms of the Notes and Subscription Warrants was approved by the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company at a meeting held on March 21, 2022. 

On
March 23, 2022, the Company filed an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of
State (the Amendment The Amendment (i) extends the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination
for three months, from the Original Termination Date to the Extended Date and (ii) allows the Company, without another stockholder vote,
to elect to extend the date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional one month each
time after the Extended Date, upon five days advance notice and the deposit of prior to the applicable deadline, for
a total of up to nine months after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of the proposed Business Combination with any potential
initial Business Combination shall have occurred. The Amendment was approved by the Company s stockholders at its Annual Meeting
of Stockholders held on March 18, 2022. 

On
December 23, 2022, the Company held its 2022 Annual Meeting of the Stockholders in which they voted to extend the date to consummate
a business combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional one month each time for a total of up to six months from
December 28, 2022 until June 30, 2023, upon three calendar days advance notice and the deposit of 
 prior to the applicable monthly deadline, unless
the closing of any potential initial business combination shall have occurred prior to the Second Extended Date. On each of December
27, 2022, January 26, 2023, February 27, 2023, March 27, 2023 and April 28, 2023, the Company deposited 
 into the Trust Account to extend the date to
consummate a Business Combination through January 31, 2023, February 28, 2023, March 31, 2023, April 30, 2023 and May 31, 2023, respectively.
The Company made a deposit of on May 24, 2023 for a one month extension until the Second Extended Date. 

On
December 23, 2022, stockholders elected to redeem 
Public Shares, resulting in a redemption payable as of December 31, 2022 of 
included in common stock tendered for redemption on the consolidated balance sheet. On January 25, 2023, redemption payments
out of the trust account totaled . Subsequent to the redemptions, 
Public Shares remained. 

On June 22, 2023, the Company held a stockholder meeting (the June 2023 Stockholders Meeting in which
stockholders voted to (A) amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to allow the Company to (i)
initially extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six times, each such extension for
an additional one month period, until December 31, 2023, by depositing into the Trust Account, the amount of for each one-month
extension until December 31, 2023, and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination
(without seeking additional approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024,
with no additional deposits to be made into the Trust Account during such period, each such extension for an additional one month period,
(the Third Extended Date ), upon one calendar day advance notice to the Trustee, prior to the applicable monthly deadline,
unless the closing of the proposed initial business combination with Clearday, Inc., or any potential alternative initial business combination
shall have occurred prior to the Third Extended Date; and (B) to amend the Company s Investment
Management Trust Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, by and between the Company and the Trustee, allowing the Company to (i) initially
extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination up to six times, each such extension for an additional
one month period, until December 31, 2023, by depositing into the Trust Account, the amount of for each one-month extension until
December 31, 2023, and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination (without seeking
additional approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024, each such extension
for an additional one month period, with no additional deposits to be made into the Trust Account during such period from January 1, 2024
through March 31, 2024. In connection with the stockholders vote at the June 2023 Stockholders Meeting, shares of common
stock were tendered for redemption. As a result, approximately (approximately per share) were removed from the
Company s Trust Account to pay such holders, without taking into account additional allocation of payments to cover any tax obligation
of the Company, such as franchise taxes, but not including any excise tax, since that date. Following redemptions, the Company has 
shares of public common stock outstanding, and approximately will remain in the Trust Account. On June 27, 2023, and July 27, 2023,
the Company deposited in the Trust Account, to extend the date by which the Company can complete an initial business combination
by one month to July 31, 2023 and August 31, 2023, respectively. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of and with such
designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors.
As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common
stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares
of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding and shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Rights
 Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a Right will
automatically receive one-twentieth (1/20) of a share of common stock upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. In the event
the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of the initial Business Combination, each holder of a Right will be required
to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-twentieth (1/20) of a share underlying each right upon consummation
of the Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of Rights. Fractional shares
will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law. As a result, holders must hold Rights in multiples of 20 in order to receive shares for all Rights upon closing
of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required time period and the
Company redeems the Public Shares for the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Rights will not receive any of such funds for their
Rights and the Rights will expire worthless. 

per whole share,
subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its s only for a whole number of shares. This
means that only an even number of s may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

 The
Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption (except the Private Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder;
and 

if and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants
at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date
of redemption. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, its management will have the option to require all holders that
wish to exercise Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price
by surrendering the Public Warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product
of the number of shares of common stock underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the
Public Warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Company s common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants. Whether the Company will exercise
its option to require all holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors
including the price of our common shares at the time the Public Warrants are called for redemption, its cash needs at such time and concerns
regarding dilutive share issuances. 

per share of common stock
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by its board of directors, and in the case of any such
issuance to its Sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by them
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of our initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.50 per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues
the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities and the per share redemption trigger price described above will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the Market Value. The Public Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the
warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side
of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official
bank check payable to the Company, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Public Warrants and receive shares of common stock.
After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each
share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Private
Warrants 

The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on
a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

Subscription
Warrants 

The
Subscription Warrant term commences on the Exercise Date (as hereinafter defined) for a period of 49 months. The Subscription Warrants
are exercisable commencing on the date of the initial Business Combination (the Exercise Date and have a cashless exercise
feature that is available at any time on or after the Exercise Date. Commencing on the date 13 months following the Exercise Date, the
subscribers have the right, but not the obligation, to put the Subscription Warrants to the Company at a purchase price of per
share. The Company has agreed to file, within thirty (30) calendar days after the consummation of an initial Business Combination, a
registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register for resale the shares of common stock underlying the Subscription
Warrants. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were Public Warrants and Private Warrants outstanding. As
of December 31, 2022, there were Subscription Warrants outstanding. The Company accounts for the Public Warrants, Private
Warrants, and Subscription Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. The Public Warrants qualify for equity treatment
under ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the Private Warrants and Subscription Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity
treatment thereunder, the Private Warrants and Subscription Warrants must be recorded as a liability. 

Money Market Funds held in Trust Account 

Liabilities 

Private Warrant Liability 

Subscription Warrant Liability 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Money Market Account 

Mutual Funds held in Trust Account 

Liabilities 

Private Warrant Liability 

The
Private Warrants and Subscription Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The warrant liabilities were measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis,
with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Company established the initial fair value of the Private Warrants on December 28, 2020, the date of the Company s Initial Public
Offering, and revalued on December 31, 2022 and on December 31, 2021, using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The Warrants were classified
as Level 3 at the initial measurement date, on December 31, 2022 and on December 31, 2021 due to the use of unobservable inputs. 

Expected term remaining (years) 1 

Expected volatility 

Stock price 

The
Company established the initial fair value of the Subscription Warrants on March 21, 2022, March 23, 2022, April 4, 2022, April 27, 2022,
May 9,2022, October 27,2022, and November 25,2022 the dates of issuance, and revalued on December 31, 2022, using a Monte Carlo
simulation model. The Warrants were classified as Level 3 at the initial measurement dates, and on December 31, 2022 due to the
use of unobservable inputs. 

1 The
contractual term of the Private Warrants is from the closing of a Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 the expected
term remaining of the Private Warrants was calculated based on assumptions for both a successful and unsuccessful Business
Combination resulting in a weighted expected term remaining of . This was calculated using an expected term remaining with an
unsuccessful Business Combination of year (weighted at probability) and a successful business combination term remaining
of years (weighted at probability). Prior to December 31, 2022 the expected term was calculated using only assumptions
for a successful Business Combination. The change in the calculation was made as using an expected term that was calculated based
only on the assumption that the Business Combination would be successful as an input under the Monte Carlo simulation model resulted
in an unsolvable expected volatility under the Monte Carlo simulation model. 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Market debt rate 1 

N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Expected term remaining (years) 

Expected volatility 

Probability of completing a Business Combination 

Stock price 

1 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Fair value of Subscription Warrants at issuance on March 21, 2022 

Fair value of Subscription Warrants at issuance on March 23, 2022 

Fair value of Subscription Warrants at issuance on April 4, 2022 

Fair value of Subscription Warrants at issuance on April 27, 2022 

Fair value of Subscription Warrants at issuance on May 9, 2022 

Fair value of Subscription Warrants at issuance on October 27, 2022 

Fair value of Subscription Warrants at issuance on November 25, 2022 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company recognized a loss in connection with changes in the fair value of the Private and Subscription Warrants of for the
year ended December 31, 2022, within gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements of operations. The Company
recognized gains in connection with the changes in the fair value of the Private Warrants of for the year ended December 31,
2021 within gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Accrued interest 

Transaction costs 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has available U.S. federal operating loss carry forwards of approximately 
and , respectively that may be carried forward indefinitely. 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax
assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which temporary differences representing future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After
consideration of all the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future
realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a partial valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, the valuation allowance was 
and , respectively. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Non-deductible transaction costs 

Stock compensation expense 

Other permanent items, net 

Warrant issuance costs 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

ASC
740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
of and 0 , respectively. The Company s unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 related to uncertain tax positions
would impact the effective income tax rate if recognized. The Company s management determined that the United States is the Company s
only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax
expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.
The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation
from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

Below 
 is a tabular reconciliation of the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of the years: 

Uncertain tax benefits - December 31 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and Georgia. Tax returns since inception remain open and subject to
examination. 

F- 32 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 ex4-7.htm

Exhibit
4.7 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES OF VIVEON 

The
following description of capital stock of Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. Viveon , or the Company and provisions of Viveon s current amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Existing Charter ),
bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL are summaries and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to Viveon s Existing Charter and bylaws and the text of the DGCL. Copies of these documents have been filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which
this description has been filed as an exhibit. 

General 

Viveon s
authorized capital stock consists of 60,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. The authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock are available
for issuance without further action by Viveon s stockholders unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any
stock exchange on which Viveon s securities may be listed. Unless approval of stockholders is so required, the board of directors
of Viveon (the Board will not seek stockholder approval for the issuance and sale of Common Stock. 

On
December 28, 2020, Viveon consummated an initial public offering IPO of 17,500,000 units (the Units 
and, with respect to the Common Stock included in the Units being offered, the public share , the warrants included in the
Units, the Public Warrants and the rights included in the Units, the Rights ), at 10.00 per Unit,
generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000. 

Units 

Each
Unit consists of one share of Common Stock, one Public Warrant and one Right. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one-half ) of a share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment. Each Public Warrant will
become exercisable on the later of one year after the closing of the IPO or the consummation of an initial business combination, and
will expire five years after the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption. Pursuant to the warrant agreement,
a warrant holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only an even number of Public Warrants
may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. For example, if a warrant holder holds one Public Warrant to purchase one-half ) of one share, such Public Warrant shall not be exercisable. If a warrant holder holds two Public Warrants, such Public Warrants
will be exercisable for one share. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-twentieth (1/20) of a share of Common Stock
upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

Common
Stock 

Holders
of record of Viveon s Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.
In connection with any vote held to approve Viveon s initial business combination, Viveon s insiders, officers and directors,
have agreed to vote their respective shares of Common Stock owned by them, and any shares acquired in the open market, in favor of the
proposed business combination. 

Viveon
will consummate the business combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would cause
its net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. 

Pursuant
to the Charter, Viveon has until June 30, 2023 to complete a business combination. In the event that Viveon does not consummate its initial
business combination by June 30, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above)
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our Initial Stockholders
have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution with respect to their Founders Shares. 

1 

Viveon s
stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable
to the shares of Common Stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to Viveon in any tender offer or have
their shares of Common Stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the Trust Account if they vote on the proposed business
combination and the business combination is completed. 

If
Viveon holds a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of the Existing Charter relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business
combination activity (including the substance or timing within which Viveon has to complete a business combination), Viveon will provide
its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Common Stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to Viveon to pay its franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares, in connection with any such vote. In either of such events, converting stockholders would be paid their pro rata portion
of the Trust Account promptly following consummation of the business combination or the approval of the amendment to the Existing Charter.
If the business combination is not consummated or the amendment is not approved, stockholders will not be paid such amounts. 

Preferred
Stock 

There
are 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized. Our Board is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with
dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders
of Common Stock. However, the underwriting agreement prohibits us, prior to a business combination, from issuing preferred stock which
participates in any manner in the proceeds of the Trust Account, or which votes as a class with the Common Stock on our initial business
combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred stock to consummate our initial business combination. In addition, the preferred stock
could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend
to issue any shares of preferred stock, we reserve the right to do so in the future. 

Public
Warrants 

20,125,000
Public Warrants are currently outstanding. Each Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one-half (1/2) of a share of
Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one
year after the closing of Viveon s initial public offering IPO or the consummation of an initial business combination.
Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only
an even number of Public Warrants may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. However, no Public Warrants will be exercisable
for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrant is not effective within 120 days from the closing of
our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any
period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of our initial business
combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time. 

2 

18,000,000
Private Warrants are current outstanding. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units except that
such Private Warrants will not be redeemable and may be exercisable for cash (even if a registration statement covering the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective) or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and will
not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates. 

We
may call the outstanding Public Warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at
 any time while the warrants are exercisable, 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of Common Stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share, for any 20 trading days
 within a 30-day trading period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying such warrants
 at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the
 date of redemption. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the Public Warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption.
On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a Public Warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price
for such holder s Public Warrant upon surrender of such Public Warrant. 

The
redemption criteria for our Public Warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable
premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise
price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the Public Warrants. 

If
we call the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to
exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the Public Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Common Stock underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Public Warrants
and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall
mean the average reported last sale price of our Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders
to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our Common
Stock at the time the Public Warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

The
Public Warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any
holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders
of a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders. 

The
exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation.
However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of Common Stock at a price below
their respective exercise prices. 

3 

If
(x) we issue additional shares of Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.50 per share of Common Stock
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board, and in the case of any such issuance to
our sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by them prior to such
issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.50 per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which we issue the additional
shares of Common Stock or equity-linked securities and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the Market Value. The Public Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate
on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate
completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to
us, for the number of Public Warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares
of Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Public Warrants and receive shares of Common Stock. After the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record
on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Except
as described above, no Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Common Stock unless
at the time a holder seeks to exercise such Public Warrant, a prospectus relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Public Warrants is current and the shares of Common Stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities
laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best
efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Public Warrants until the expiration of the Public Warrants. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so and, if
we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, holders
will be unable to exercise their Public Warrants and we will not be required to settle any such Public Warrants exercise. If the prospectus
relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not current or if the Common Stock is not
qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the Public Warrants reside, we will not be required
to net cash settle or cash settle the Public Warrants exercise, the Public Warrants may have no value, the market for the Public Warrants
may be limited and the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

Warrant
holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their Public Warrants such that an electing warrant holder would
not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in
excess of 9.9 of the shares of Common Stock outstanding. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued to the warrant holder. 

On March 21, 2022, March 23, 2022, April 4, 2022, April 27, 2022, May 9,
2022, October 27, 2022, and November 25, 2022, we entered into subscription agreements with several lenders for a loan of up to 4,000,000, in the aggregate (the Subscription
Agreements ). Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, we issued a series of unsecured senior promissory notes in the aggregate
principal amount of up to 4,000,000 (the Notes to the subscribers. Pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreements,
the subscribers shall receive warrants to purchase one share of Company common stock for every 2.00 of the funded principal amount of
the Notes up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company common stock, in the aggregate, at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment (the March 2022 Warrants ). The March 2022 Warrant term commences on the Exercise Date (as hereinafter defined)
for a period of 49 months. The March 2022 Warrants are exercisable commencing on the date of the initial business combination (the Exercise
Date and have a cashless exercise feature that is available at any time on or after the Exercise Date. Commencing on the date
13 months following the Exercise Date, the subscribers have the right, but not the obligation, to put the March 2022 Warrants to the
Company at a purchase price of 5.00 per share. The Company has agreed to file, within thirty (30) calendar days after the consummation
of an initial business combination, a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register for resale the shares
of common stock underlying the March 2022 Warrants. 

4 

Contractual
Arrangements with respect to the Certain Warrants 

We
have agreed that so long as the Private Warrants are still held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates, we will not redeem such
warrants and we will allow the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis (even if a registration statement covering the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective). However, once any of the Private Warrants are transferred
from the initial purchasers or their affiliates, these arrangements will no longer apply. The Private Warrants were issued in a private
transaction. Accordingly, the holders and their transferees will be allowed to exercise the Private the Private Warrants is not effective
and receive unregistered shares of Common Stock. 

Rights
included as part of Units 

Each
holder of a Right will automatically receive one twentieth (1/20) of a share of Common Stock upon consummation of the business combination,
even if the holder of a Right converted all shares of Common Stock held by him, her or it in connection with the business combination
or an amendment to the Existing Charter with respect to Viveon s pre-business combination activities. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his, her or its additional shares of Common Stock upon consummation
of the business combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the Rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates
of Viveon). 

Viveon
will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of Rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest
whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result,
holders must hold rights in multiples of 20 in order to receive shares for all of the holders Rights upon closing of the business
combination. If Viveon is unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and it liquidates the funds
held in the Trust Account, holders of Rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Rights, nor will they receive any
distribution from Viveon s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Rights, and the Rights will expire worthless.
Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the Rights upon consummation of the business
combination. Additionally, in no event will Viveon be required to net cash settle the Rights. Accordingly, the Rights may expire worthless. 

5 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 ex10-19.htm

Exhibit 10.19 

AMENDMENT
TO THE 

 INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment No. 2 (this Amendment ), dated as of January 20, 2023, to the Investment Management Trust Agreement (as defined
below) is made by and between Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, as trustee Trustee ). All terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Trust
Agreement. 

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Trustee entered into an Investment Management Trust Agreement dated as of December 22, 2020, as amended by Amendment
No. 1 on March 23, 2022 (the Trust Agreement ); 

WHEREAS,
Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement sets forth the terms that govern the liquidation of the Trust Account under the circumstances described
therein; 

WHEREAS,
at an annual meeting of shareholders of the Company held on December 23, 2022, the Company stockholders approved a proposal to amend
(the Second Extension Amendment the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, (the Amended
Charter to allow the Company to extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by
an additional one month each time for a total of up to six months from December 28, 2022 (the December Termination Date until June 30, 2023 (the Second Extended Date ), upon three calendar days advance notice prior to the applicable
monthly deadline, unless the closing of the proposed Business Combination with Suneva Medical Inc. Suneva ), or any potential
alternative initial business combination shall have occurred prior to the Second Extended Date; and 

WHEREAS,
prior to the date hereof, the Company has deposited an additional 100,000 into the trust account and filed the Second Extension Amendment
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

NOW
THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED: 

1. 
 Section
 1(i) of the Trust Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in full as follows: 

(i)
Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter Termination Letter ), in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, signed
on behalf of the Company by its President, Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board and Secretary or Assistant Secretary and,
in the case of a Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to
by Chardan, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account only as directed in the
Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein; provided, however, that in the event (i) that a Termination Letter has
not been received by the Trustee by June 30, 2023, or, (ii) prior to June 30, 2023, the Company fails to timely make the required additional
monthly deposit into the trust account to extend the date to consummate an initial Business Combination on a monthly basis, upon three
days advance notice prior to the applicable monthly deadline, commencing with the first additional monthly deposit to be made
by December 28, 2022, and subsequent additional monthly deposits by January 31, 2023, February 28, 2023, March 31, 2023, April 30, 2023
and May 31, 2023, the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached
as Exhibit B hereto and distributed to the Public Shareholders. 

4. 
 All
 other provisions of the Trust Agreement shall remain unaffected by the terms hereof. 

5. 
 This
 Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall be deemed to be
 one and the same instrument, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. A facsimile
 signature shall be deemed to be an original signature for purposes of this Amendment. 

6. 
 This
 Amendment is intended to be in full compliance with the requirements for an Amendment to the Trust Agreement as required by Section
 7(c) of the Trust Agreement, and every defect in fulfilling such requirements for an effective amendment to the Trust Agreement is
 hereby ratified, intentionally waived and relinquished by all parties hereto. 

7. 
 This
 Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
 to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written
above. 

CONTINENTAL
 STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY, AS TRUSTEE 

By: 
 /s/
 Francis
Wolf 

Name:
 
 Francis
Wolf 

Title: 
 Vice
President 

VIVEON
 HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jagi Gill 

Name:
 
 Jagi
Gill 

Title: 
 Chief
Executive Officer 

Acknowledged
 and Agreed: 

Chardan
 Capital Markets, LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 George Kaufman 

Name: 
 George Kaufman 

Title:
 
 Managing Director 

2 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 ex10-20.htm

Exhibit
10.20 

AMENDMENT
TO THE 

 INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment No. 3 (this Amendment ), dated as of June 27, 2023, to the Investment Management Trust Agreement
(as defined below) is made by and between Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, as trustee Trustee ). All terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings assigned to them in the Trust Agreement. 

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Trustee entered into an Investment Management Trust Agreement dated as of December 22, 2020, as amended by Amendment
No. 1 on March 23, 2022, and Amendment No. 2 on January 20, 2023 (the Trust Agreement ); 

WHEREAS,
Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement sets forth the terms that govern the liquidation of the Trust Account under the circumstances described
therein; 

WHEREAS,
at a special meeting of stockholders of the Company held on June 22, 2023, the Company stockholders approved a proposal to amend (the
 Third Extension Amendment the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, (the Amended
Charter to allow the Company to (i) initially extend the date by which the Company
must consummate an initial business combination up to six times, each such extension for an additional one month period, until December
31, 2023, by depositing into the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering (the Trust
Account the amount of 85,000 for each one-month extension, until December 31,
2023, and (ii) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination (without seeking additional
approval from the stockholders) for up to an additional three months, from January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024, with no additional deposits
to be made into the Trust Account during such period, each such extension for an additional one month period, (the Third
Extended Date ), upon one calendar day advance notice to the Trustee , prior
to the applicable monthly deadline, unless the closing of the proposed initial business combination with Clearday, Inc., or any potential
alternative initial business combination shall have occurred prior to the Third Extended Date ; and 

WHEREAS,
prior to the date hereof, the Company has deposited an additional 85,000 into the trust account and filed the Third Extension Amendment
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

NOW
THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED: 

1. 
 Section
 1(i) of the Trust Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in full as follows: 

(i)
Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter Termination Letter ), in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, signed
on behalf of the Company by its President, Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board and Secretary or Assistant Secretary and,
in the case of a Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to
by Chardan, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account only as directed in the
Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein; provided, however, that in the event (i) that a Termination Letter has
not been received by the Trustee by March 31, 2024, or, (ii) prior to December 31, 2023 the Company fails to timely make the required
additional monthly deposit into the Trust Account to extend the date to consummate an initial Business Combination on a monthly basis,
upon one day advance notice prior to the applicable monthly deadline, commencing with the first additional monthly deposit to be made
by June 30, 2023, and subsequent additional monthly deposits by July 31, 2023, August 31, 2023, September 30, 2023, October 31, 2023,
November 30, 2023 and December 31, 2023 no additional deposits need to be made into the Trust
Account during the period from January 1, 2024 through March 31, 2024), the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with
the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B hereto and distributed to the Public Shareholders. 

2. 
 All
 other provisions of the Trust Agreement shall remain unaffected by the terms hereof. 

3. 
 This
 Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall be deemed to be
 one and the same instrument, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. A facsimile
 signature shall be deemed to be an original signature for purposes of this Amendment. 

4. 
 This
 Amendment is intended to be in full compliance with the requirements for an Amendment to the Trust Agreement as required by Section
 7(c) of the Trust Agreement, and every defect in fulfilling such requirements for an effective amendment to the Trust Agreement is
 hereby ratified, intentionally waived and relinquished by all parties hereto. 

5. 
 This
 Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
 to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written
above. 

CONTINENTAL
STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY, AS TRUSTEE 

By: 
 /s/
 Francis Wolf 

Name:
 
 Francis
Wolf 

Title: 
 Vice
President 

VIVEON
HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jagi Gill 

Name:
 
 Jagi
 Gill 

Title: 
 Chief
Executive Officer 

Acknowledged
and Agreed: 

Chardan
Capital Markets, LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 George Kaufman 

Name:
 
 George
 Kaufman 

Title: 
 Managing
 Director 

3 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 5
 ex10-21.htm

Exhibit
10.21 

Viveon
Health Acquisition Corp. 

As
of May 1, 2023 

Reference
is made to the following documents: 

i. 
 The
 Subscription Agreement (the Subscription Agreement between you and Viveon Health Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
 corporation Viveon ), relating to the Extension Note (as hereinafter defined) and the Extension Warrant (as
 hereinafter defined); 

ii. 
 Senior
 Note due 2022 (as heretofore amended and supplemented, the Extension Note of Viveon in favor of you, issued
 pursuant to the Subscription Agreement; 

iii. 
 Warrant,
 registered in your name (the Extension Warrant ), issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement; 

iv. 
 Termsheet
 (the Termsheet relating to the offering of 8 Senior Convertible Notes of Clearday, Inc., a Delaware corporation
 Clearday ); and 

v. 
 Form
 of Senior Convertible Notes of Clearday Clearday Notes ). 

As
you know, on April 5, 2023, Viveon has entered into a Business Combination Agreement to acquire Clearday. In connection with the merger
contemplated by such agreement (the Merger and as set forth in the Termsheet, Clearday is conducting an offering
(the Clearday Bridge of securities in advance of the Merger of up to 16 million of Clearday Notes, including 4
million of Clearday Notes issuable to holders of Extension Notes and Extension Warrants in exchange for such securities. The purpose
of the Clearday Bridge is to, among other things, permit Clearday and Viveon to pay expenses relating to, and in advance of, the Merger. 

Viveon
respectfully requests your consent to exchange your Extension Notes and Extension Warrants for a principal amount of Clearday Notes equal
to the principal amount of your Extension Notes effective immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger. 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

Please
indicate your consent where indicated below to exchange your Extension Notes and Extension Warrants for Clearday Notes as described herein
effective immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger. By executing this consent, you confirm that your representations and warranties
set forth in the Subscription agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof and as of the date of the consummation of the Merger
with respect to the Clearday Notes. 

VIVEON
 HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

Rom
 Papadopoulos 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

CONSENTED
 TO AND AGREED AS OF 

THE
 DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN: 

INVESTOR
 NAME: 

Name: 

Title: 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 6
 ex10-22.htm

Exhibit 10.22 

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE (THE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT ), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND HAS BEEN ISSUED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH LAWS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE EXEMPTION CONTAINED IN SECTION 4(a)(2) OF THE SECURITIES
ACT. THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT HAS BECOME AND IS THEN EFFECTIVE WITH RESPECT TO SUCH
SECURITIES, (2) THIS NOTE IS TRANSFERRED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE) OR (3) THE
COMPANY (AS HEREINAFTER DEFINED) HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT, TO THE EFFECT THAT THE PROPOSED SALE
OR TRANSFER OF SUCH SECURITIES IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ALL OTHER APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. 

Promissory
Note 

of 

Viveon
Health Acquisition Corp. 

May 12, 2023 
 Atlanta, Georgia 

Viveon
Health Acquisition Corp. , a Delaware corporation (the
 Company ), for value received, hereby promises unconditionally to pay to the order of Clearday,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, or such person s assigns (collectively, the Holder ), at the address set
forth in Section 12 hereof, in lawful money of the United States of America Dollars or and in immediately available funds, the aggregate principal amount of each loan (each, a Loan that is from time
to time recorded on the schedule attached to this Note as Annex A and initialed by an authorized signatory of the Company (the Principal ),
in full, on the Maturity Date (as defined below). Each Loan shall be binding on the Company and may be established by such other reasonable
evidence such as a payment by the Holder or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates or their respective related persons to the Company
in addition to being evidenced by the notation of the Loan on Annex A. 

The
following is a statement of the rights of the Holder and the conditions to which this Note is subject, and to which the Holder hereof,
by the acceptance of this Note, agrees: 

1.
 Definitions . For the purposes of this Note: 

Affiliate(s) 
means, with respect to any given Person other than a partnership or limited liability company, any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person and with respect to a partnership, the partners of such partnership
and with respect to a limited liability company, the members of such limited liability company. 

Business
Combination means the business combination contemplated by Merger Agreement. 

Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday in the State of New York. 

Event
of Default shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5. 

Governmental
Authority means any Federal, state, local, foreign or other court, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency
or instrumentality. 

Interest 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(b). 

Issue
Date means May 12, 2023. 

Lien 
means any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind. 

Maturity
Date means the earlier of (i) first anniversary of the Issue Date and (ii) the date of the closing the Business Combination. 

Merger
Agreement means the Merger Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2023 (as amended or supplemented), by and among Company, Clearday
SR LLC, in the capacity as the Company Representative, Viveon Health Acquisition Corp., VHAC2 Merger Sub, Inc. and Viveon Health LLC,
in the capacity as the SPAC Representative. 

Person 
means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, firm, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust
or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 

2.
 Principal; Interest; Prepayment; Maturity Date Extension . 

(a)
 Principal; Principal Increase . The entire unpaid Principal shall be paid in Dollars on the Maturity Date. Promptly following the
payment in full of this Note, including all accrued and unpaid Interest and any other amounts owing hereunder, the Holder shall surrender
this Note to the Company for cancellation. 

(b)
 Interest . Subject to Section 2(c) hereof, Interest on the Note Interest ), during the period from the Issue
Date (or with respect to any increase in the Principal during the term of this Note, from the date set forth opposite such increase in
Principal in Annex A) through the Maturity Date, shall accrue on the Principal of the Note set forth in Annex A hereto at a rate 0.0 per annum and shall be payable on the Maturity Date. Interest shall be computed
on the basis of a 360-day year applied to actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on each Loan (as set forth in Annex A hereto)
commencing on the date thereof set forth in Annex A hereto and terminating on the Maturity Date and shall be paid in arrears on
the Maturity Date. The rate of interest payable under the Note from time to time shall in no event exceed the maximum rate, if any, permissible
under applicable law. If the rate of interest payable under the Note is ever reduced as a result of the preceding sentence and at any
time thereafter the maximum rate permitted by applicable law shall exceed the rate of interest provided hereunder, then the rate provided
for hereunder shall be increased to the maximum rate permitted by applicable law for such period as required so that the total amount
of interest received by the Holder is that which would have been received by the Holder but for the operation of the preceding sentence. 

- 2 - 

(c)
 Prepayment . This Note may be prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, without penalty or premium. 

(d)
 Maturity Extension . Upon no less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the Maturity Date, the Holder may extend this Note
for on a month-by-month basis, in which event that Maturity Date shall be deemed to be the last day of the last monthly extension thereof. 

3.
 Covenants of the Company . 

(a)
The Company covenants and agrees with the Holder that the Company will comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders,
such compliance to include, without limitation, paying before they become delinquent all taxes, assessments and governmental charges
imposed on it or upon its property, except to the extent contested in good faith. 

(b)
The Company covenants and agrees with the Holder that the Company will use the proceeds of each Loan only in accordance with payments
that are described and listed (and only in such amounts) as in the budget that has been approved by Holder or any amendment or supplement
thereto that has been approved by Holder, in each case, in writing. 

(c)
The Company covenants and agrees with the Holder that the Company hereby waives any or all defaults or breaches by the Company that may
have occurred under the terms of the Merger Agreement and accepts as a supplement to the Disclosure Schedules to the Merger Agreement
by all of the disclosures made by Holder in its draft Form 10K that has been provided by Holder to the Company. 

(d)
The Company covenants and agrees with the Holder that each notation on Annex A is or will have been made by an executive of the Company
that, prior to the date and time of such notation and in effect on the date and time of such notation, is an executive of the Company,
duly authorized to execute Annex A by the Board of Directors of the Company and that the signature of such individual is the true and
genuine signature of such individual. 

4.
 Events of Default . If one or more of the following events Events of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing: 

(a)
the Company shall fail to pay any Principal of, or Interest on, this Note, or any fees or any other amount payable hereunder within ten
(10) days of the due date of such payment; 

- 3 - 

(b)
the Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement in this Note; 

(c)
any representation, warranty, certification or statement made by the Company in this Note, or in any document delivered pursuant to this
Note shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made (or deemed made); 

(d)
a judgment or order for the payment of money shall be rendered against the Company and such judgment or order shall continue unsatisfied
and unstayed for a period of ten (10) days; 

(e)
the Company shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself
or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee,
receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such
relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against
it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, or
shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing; 

(f)
an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with
respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment
of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary
case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed for a period of 60 days; or an order for relief shall be entered against the Company
under the federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect; 

then,
and in every such event, the Holder may, by written notice to the Company, declare the Principal (together with accrued Interest thereon
and all other amounts owing hereunder) to be, and the Principal (together with accrued Interest thereon and all other amounts owing hereunder)
shall thereupon become, immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are
hereby waived by the Company; provided, that in the case of any of the Events of Default specified in clause (e) or (f) above,
without any notice to the Company or any other act by the Holder, the Principal (together with accrued Interest thereon and all other
amounts owing hereunder) shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all
of which are hereby waived by the Company. 

5.
 Payments; Extension of Maturity . All payments of Principal and Interest (and all other amounts owing hereunder) to be made by
the Company in respect of this Note shall be made in Dollars by wire transfer to an account designated by the Holder by written notice
to the Company. All amounts payable under this Note shall be paid free and clear of, and without reduction by reason of, any deduction,
setoff, or counterclaim. If the Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest become due and payable on any day other than a Business Day,
the Maturity Date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and to such payable amounts shall be added the Interest which
shall have accrued during such extension period at the rate per annum herein specified. 

- 4 - 

6.
 Replacement of Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Note, and (in case of loss, theft or destruction) of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon reimbursement to the Company
of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto, and (if mutilated) upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall make
and deliver to the Holder a new note of like tenor in lieu of this Note. Any replacement note made and delivered in accordance with this
Section 6 shall be dated as of the date hereof. 

7.
 Remedies . 

(a)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Principal then outstanding of, and the accrued and unpaid Interest on, this Note shall automatically
become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest, or other formalities of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived by the Company. 

(b)
The Holder may institute such actions or proceedings in law or equity as it shall deem expedient for the protection of its rights and
may prosecute and enforce its claims against all assets of the Company, and in connection with any such action or proceeding shall be
entitled to receive from the Company payment of the principal amount of this Note plus accrued interest to the date of payment plus reasonable
expenses of collection, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and expenses. 

8.
 Costs and Expenses . The Company shall be responsible for all expenses incurred by any Holder in connection with the conversion
of the Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest under this Note. 

9.
 No Waivers by Delay or Partial Exercise . No delay by the Holder in exercising any powers or rights hereunder shall operate as
a waiver of such power or right, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude other or further exercise thereof,
or the exercise of any other power or right hereunder or otherwise. 

10.
 Further Assurances . Each party agrees to execute such other documents, instruments, agreements and consents, and take such other
actions as may be reasonably requested by the other parties hereto to effectuate the purposes of this Note. 

- 5 - 

11.
 Notices . All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal
delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed telex or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient,
if not, then on the next Business Day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with
written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent as follows: 

If
 to the Company: 
 Viveon
 Health Acquisition Corp. 

3480
 Peachtree Road NE 

2nd Floor, Suite #112 

Atlanta, Georgia 30326 

Attention:
 Chief Executive Officer 

Telecopy: 

If to the Holder: 
 Clearday,
 Inc. 

8800
 Village Drive, Suite 106 

San
 Antonio, TX 78217 

Attention:
 James Walesa, Chief Executive Officer 

Telecopy: 

or
to such other address or telecopy number as the party to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other party in writing
in accordance herewith. 

12.
 Amendments and Waivers . No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of, or consent required by, this Note, nor any consent
to any departure herefrom, shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by each of the Company and the Holder. Such modification,
amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. 

13.
 Exclusivity and Waiver of Rights . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising on the part of any party, any right, power
or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude
any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights
or remedies provided by law. 

14.
 Invalidity . Any term or provision of this Note shall be ineffective to the extent it is declared invalid or unenforceable, without
rendering invalid or enforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Note. 

15.
 Headings . Headings used in this Note are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning of any term or provision
of this Note. 

16.
 Assignment . This Note and the rights and obligations hereunder shall not be assignable or transferable by the Company without
the prior written consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign this Note and the rights and obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Company. Any instrument purporting to make an assignment in violation of this Section 16 shall be void. 

17.
 Survival . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all representations warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this
Note shall survive the execution hereof and shall remain in full force and effect until the payment in full of all Principal and accrued
and unpaid Interest and all other amounts owing under this Note. 

- 6 - 

18.
 Miscellaneous . This Note shall inure to the benefit of the Company and the Holder, and all their respective successors and permitted
assigns. Nothing in this Note is intended or shall be construed to give to any other person, firm or corporation any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Note or any provision herein contained. 

19.
 GOVERNING LAW . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS (WITHOUT GIVING
EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS). 

20.
 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS
OF THE STATE OF TEXAS AND OF THE FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE STATE OF TEXAS. THE COMPANY AGREES THAT ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MUST BE LITIGATED EXCLUSIVELY IN ANY SUCH STATE OR FEDERAL COURT
THAT SITS IN THE CITY OF SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS, AND ACCORDINGLY, THE COMPANY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER
HAVE TO THE LAYING OF THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION IN ANY SUCH COURT. 

21.
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . THE COMPANY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE. THE COMPANY
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE HOLDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT THE HOLDER WOULD
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE HOLDER HAS BEEN INDUCED TO
ENTER INTO THIS NOTE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 21. 

22.
 Attorneys Fees . In the event that any suit or action is instituted to enforce any provision in this Note, the prevailing
party in such dispute shall be entitled to recover from the losing party all fees, costs and expenses of enforcing any right of such
prevailing party under or with respect to this Note, including without limitation, such reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys and
accountants, which shall include, without limitation, all fees, costs and expenses of appeals. 

23.
 Conversion . Principal of, and accrued and unpaid Interest on, this Note shall be convertible, at the option of the holder, into
the securities heretofore offered in connection with the financing relating to the extension of the term of the Company or any other
securities issued by the Company following the date hereof. 

[THE
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

- 7 - 

In
Witness Whereof , the undersigned has executed this Note
as of the date first above written. 

VIVEON HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Jagi Gill 

Name: 
 Jagi Gill 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

ANNEX
A 

Advance # 
 Date 
 Amount Funded 
 Aggregate Principal Amount 
 Initials of 
 Authorized 
 Company Signatory 
 
 1 
 May 16, 2023 
 167,616 
 167,616 

2 
 May 22, 2023 
 58,200 
 225,816 

3 
 June 5, 2023 
 46,560 
 272,376 

4 
 June 19, 2023 
 46,560 
 318,936 

5 
 June 30, 2023 
 34,920 
 353,856 

6 
 July 14, 2023 
 34,704 
 388,560 

7 
 August 2, 2023 
 256,080 
 644,640 

8 
 August 7, 2023 
 174,600 
 819,240 

9 
 August 11, 2023 
 58,416 
 877,656 

10 

11 

12 

13 

14 

15 

16 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 7
 ex10-23.htm

Exhibit 10.23 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jagi Gill, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. for the annual period ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 August 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Jagi Gill 

Jagi
 Gill 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Rom Papadopoulos, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. for the annual period ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 August 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Rom Papadopoulos 

Rom
 Papadopoulos 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 10
 ex-32.htm

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the
dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

Date:
 August 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Jagi Gill 

Jagi
 Gill 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the
dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

Date:
 August 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Rom Papadopoulos 

Rom
 Papadopoulos 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 vhaq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 vhaq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 vhaq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 vhaq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

