<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230710_10-K_edgar_data_1590496_0001213900-23-055610.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16524419</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>452012</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7899545</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3380747</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2360078</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2111518</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-055610.hdr.sgml : 20230710
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230707201738
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-055610
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		174
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230710
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230707

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aerkomm Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590496
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				463424568
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55925
		FILM NUMBER:		231078041

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44043 FREMONT BLVD.
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-742-3094

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44043 FREMONT BLVD.
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Maple Tree Kids, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131029

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-055610.txt : 20230710

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_aerkomminc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File No. 

AERKOMM
INC. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market
value of the shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing price of such shares as reported
on the OTCQB Market) was approximately . Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer
and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from the calculation in that
such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive
determination for other purposes. 

There
were a total of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of July 6, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Aerkomm
Inc. 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 29 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 48 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 48 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 48 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 
 48 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 49 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 50 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 60 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 60 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 60 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 60 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 
 61 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 61 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 62 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation. 
 67 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 71 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 74 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services. 
 75 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules. 
 76 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary. 

i 

Special
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

In
addition to historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
We use words such as believe, expect, anticipate, project, target, 
 plan, optimistic, intend, aim, will or similar expressions which
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning
the following: 

our future financial and
 operating results; 

our intentions, expectations
 and beliefs regarding anticipated growth, market penetration and trends in our business; 

our ability to attract
 and retain customers; 

our dependence on growth
 in our customers businesses; 

the effects of changing
 customer needs in our market; 

the impact
 and effects of the global coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, and other potential pandemics or contagious diseases or fear of such outbreaks,
 on the global airline and tourist industries, especially in the Asia Pacific region; 

the impact and effects
 of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 

the effects of market conditions
 on our stock price and operating results; 

our ability to maintain
 our competitive advantages against competitors in our industry; 

our ability to timely and
 effectively adapt our existing technology and have our technology solutions gain market acceptance; 

our ability
 to introduce new product offerings and bring them to market in a timely manner; 

our ability to maintain,
 protect and enhance our intellectual property; 

the effects of increased
 competition in our market and our ability to compete effectively; 

our expectations concerning
 relationship with customers and other third parties; 

the attraction and retention
 of qualified employees and key personnel; 

future acquisitions of
 our investments in complementary companies or technologies; and 

our ability to comply with
 evolving legal standards and regulations. 

These
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment,
and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on
our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and
circumstances discussed in this annual report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated
or implied in our forward-looking statements. 

You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events
and circumstances described in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any
forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in
our expectations, except as required by law. 

You
should read this annual report and the documents that we reference in this report and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC, with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be
materially different from what we expect. 

ii 

This
report includes market and industry data that has been obtained from third-party sources, including industry publications, as well as
industry data prepared by our management on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which we operate (including
our management s estimates and assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management s knowledge of
such industries has been developed through its experience and participation in these industries. While our management believes the third-party
sources referred to in this annual report are reliable, neither we nor our management have independently verified any of the data from
such sources referred to in this report or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon by such sources. Internally prepared
and third-party market forecasts, in particular, are estimates only and may be inaccurate, especially over long periods of time. Furthermore,
references in this report to any publications, reports, surveys or articles prepared by third parties should not be construed as depicting
the complete findings of the entire publication, report, survey or article. The information in any such publication, report, survey or
article is not incorporated by reference in this report. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Our
annual report should be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by similar
companies. Our ability to realize our business objectives and execute our strategies is subject to risks and uncertainties, including,
among others, the following: 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Risks
and uncertainties related to our business include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Excluding non-recurring
 revenues in 2021 from affiliates, we have incurred operating losses in every quarter since we launched our business and may continue
 to incur quarterly operating losses, which could negatively affect the value of our company; 

An extended delay in the
 transfer of title to us of the Taiwan land parcel that we purchased could delay the building of our first satellite ground station
 and have a negative impact on our business prospects; 

If the transactions contemplated
 by several memorandums of understanding (MOU) do not proceed, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially
 adversely affected; 

We may experience delay or failure in obtaining the proof of concept
of our proprietary FGSA antenna; 

We may not be able to grow
 our business with our current airline partner or successfully negotiate agreements with airlines to which we do not currently provide
 our service; 

We may experience network
 capacity constraints in our future operation regions and we expect capacity demands to increase, and we may in the future experience
 capacity constraints internationally. If we are unable to successfully implement planned or future technology enhancements to increase
 our network capacity, or our airline partners do not agree to such enhancements, our ability to acquire and maintain sufficient network
 capacity and our business could be materially and adversely affected; 

We may not be successful
 in our efforts to develop and monetize new products and services that are currently in development, including our new proprietary
 FGSA antenna, operations-oriented full user terminals, distributed content delivery network, or CDN, network and operations-oriented
 IFC connectivity services; 

The demand for in-flight
 broadband internet access service may decrease or develop more slowly than we expect. We cannot predict with certainty the development
 of the international in-flight broadband internet access market or the market acceptance for our products and services; 

Our possession and use
 of personal information and the use of credit cards by our customers present risks and expenses that could harm our business. Unauthorized
 disclosure or manipulation of such data, whether through breach of our network security or otherwise, could expose us to costly litigation
 and damage our reputation; 

We will source our content
 from studios, distributors and other content providers, and any reduction in the volume of content produced by such content providers
 could hurt our business by providing us with less quality content to choose from and resulting in potentially less attractive offerings
 for passengers; 

iii 

Risks Relating to Our Industry 

Risks
and uncertainties related to our industry include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Air
 traffic congestion at airports, air traffic control inefficiencies, weather conditions, such as hurricanes
 or blizzards, increased security measures, new travel-related taxes, the outbreak of disease or any
 other similar event could harm the airline industry; and 

Risks
Relating to Our Technology and Intellectual Property 

Risks
and uncertainties related to our technology and intellectual property include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We rely on service providers
 for certain critical components of and services relating to our satellite connectivity network; 

Our use of open-source
 software could limit our ability to commercialize our technology; 

The satellites that we
 currently rely on or may rely on in the future have minimum design lives, but could fail or suffer reduced capacity before then;
 and 

Satellites that are not
 yet in service are subject to construction and launch related risks. 

Risks
Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock 

Risks
and uncertainties related to our common stocks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQX Market, which may have an unfavorable
impact on our stock price and liquidity; 

Our common stock is quoted
 on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and
 liquidity; 

We may be subject to penny
 stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock; 

Investors may experience
 immediate and substantial dilution; and 

Our articles of incorporation,
 bylaws and Nevada law have anti-takeover provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, which may cause
 our stock price to decline. 

In
addition, we face other risks and uncertainties that may materially affect our business prospects, financial condition, and results of
operations. You should consider the risks discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report before
investing in our common stocks. 

iv 

Use of
Terms 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context and for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to: 

we, us, 
 our, or our company, are to the combined business of Aerkomm Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated
 subsidiaries; 

Aircom are
 to Aircom Pacific, Inc., a California corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of our company; 

Aerkomm HK 
 are to Aerkomm Hong Kong Limited, previously Aircom Pacific Inc. Limited, a Hong Kong company and wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom; 

Aerkomm Japan 
 are to Aerkomm Japan Inc., previously Aircom Japan, Inc., a Japanese company and wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom; 

Aerkomm Malta 
 are to Aerkomm Pacific Limited, a Malta company and wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom Seychelles; 

Aerkomm Taiwan are to Aerkomm Taiwan Inc., a Taiwanese
company and subsidiary of our company; 

Aerkomm SY 
 are to Aerkomm SY Ltd., previously Aircom Pacific Ltd., a Republic of Seychelles company and wholly owned subsidiary of Aerkomm; 

Aircom Taiwan 
 are to Aircom Telecom LLC, a Taiwanese company and wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom; 

Beijing Yatai 
 are to Beijing Yatai Communication Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of China and a wholly owned subsidiary of Aerkomm
 Taiwan; 

SEC refers
 to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act 
 refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 

Exchange Act 
 refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

v 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Our current business plan reflects the impact
created as a result of the global COVID 19 pandemic, and how it afforded Aerkomm the development time needed to shift its focus to becoming
a multi-orbit LEO/MEO/GEO/HEO space technology provider. With air travel for the most part being halted during the pandemic, a negative
impact in the inflight entertainment and connectivity, or IFEC, market was experienced globally, Aerkomm at this time identified these
weaknesses in marketing and business expectations, and, thus, we saw the opportunity to utilize LEO/MEO satellites to address overwhelmed
networks as usage skyrocketed globally. 

As the IFEC market is expected to experience
a slow recovery, Aerkomm expects to be able to create new business opportunities and new revenue streams, to address past business scope
endeavors as the IFEC market recovers. Prior to the global pandemic, connectivity was primarily offered via fiber line, creating bottlenecks
in most networks as traffic increased over time. With the increased desire to utilize LEO satellite systems for connectivity, intensified
by the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Aerkomm is positioning itself to provide solutions with what we believe to be never seen before resilience.
This sudden and globally experienced impact of the pandemic as well as increasing international tensions has created the opportunity
for Aerkomm to develop our proprietary Full-Dominance-Glass-Semiconductor Antenna technology. 

From Aerkomm s experience preparing to service the IFEC markets
and focusing on delivering Ka/Ku connectivity, we have been able to utilize our industry expertise and engineering capabilities to develop
a state-of-the-art technology to apply across multiple sectors of satellite communications. Aerkomm has successfully invented a proprietary
 Full-Dominance Glass Semiconductor Antenna (FGSA) technology which, we believe, is a game changer in the current satellite
ecosystem. During our proof-of-concept stage, which we expect to exit during the six to nine months, we have been able to design our new
FGSA antenna using multilayered panel display glass with a semiconductor process and integrated circuit, or IC, designed by Aerkomm and
intended to be manufactured by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, or TSMC, and WIN Semiconductor Corp. The results of
our proof-of-concept testing phase, in laboratory, show that our FGSA antenna is able to successfully connect to LEO/MEO/GEO satellite
beams. 

FGSA technology revolutionizes phased
array antenna technology from PCB-based systems to semiconductor-based. This innovation we are developing is ahead of industry standards
and is, we believe, the most unique technology utilizing semiconductor scale-down capabilities to create a new era of full-functioned
satellite mobile communications. 

FGSA can be installed on satellites and used in
ground equipment. By utilizing this remarkable high-efficiency antenna, current satellite operators can significantly reduce the constellation
CAPEX and offer lower cost antennas to customers by increasing the effective bandwidth capacity of each satellite to provide services.
FGSA can achieve simultaneous multi-orbit tracking of satellite communication links. This paves the way for AERKOMM to bring innovation
to the broadcast TV market by offering this unique antenna for versatile satellite services catering to the existing and expanding global
customer base. 

As of April 27 th , 2023, Aerkomm has
been awarded a regional satellite operator license. Please refer to the attached exhibits 99.1 through 99.4 for a copy of this license. 

With this satellite operator license along with our proprietary FGSA
technology, Aerkomm has created a much stronger position to define specifications for satellite communications and, as we believe, this
will enable us to create a revenue stream from satellite services. This now positions Aerkomm as not only a hardware supplier, but also
a value-added service and ISP provider, and expands the markets in which we can participate. 

As a licensed satellite operator in Taiwan, AERKOMM is legally authorized
to provide satellite services in the mobile backhaul market, aero/maritime markets, automotive market , and this will lead, we expect,
to numerous network resiliency contracts. 

Moving forward, we will show how Aerkomm intends to capitalize on our
initiatives in the mobile backhaul, aero, maritime and government satcom markets, which markets we believe, we will be able to penetrate
in the short and long term. This broadened market reach, we believe, will enable Aerkomm to move to the forefront in a booming space tech
industry. 

1 

Regional
Satellite Service Operation (TW) 

With
the approval from Taiwan s Ministry of Digital Affairs, Aerkomm will provide one of the few legal avenues for satellite service
providers to offer satellite services to customers. Beyond this, Aerkomm is in the unique position to be the only Non-Geostationary Satellite
Orbit, or NGSO, service operator in the Taiwan market. 

As a satellite service operator Aerkomm will
be able to operate in most connectivity markets, unlike our regional competitors who are legally limited to only operate within the maritime
market and only on Ka band satellites. 

The markets Aerkomm will now be able to serve
increases to and includes, data center trunking, mobile backhaul, automotive, maritime, aero, teleport services, government projects,
as well as many other segments of the ever-expanding space tech market. 

The receipt of our satellite operator license
in Taiwan, also qualifies AERKOMM to apply for an ITU (International Telecommunication Union) operator s membership, to enable
us to expand global operations. 

As a qualified ITU member, AERKOMM would gain
access to the global radio frequency spectrum, regulatory compliance, international coordination and cooperation, and representation
in global forums. 

AERKOMM is currently the only legal avenue for
NGSO satellite operators to provide services, which should enable us to create an ongoing revenue stream. 

Aerkomm is partnering with global content connectivity
service provider SES to leverage O3b mPOWER, SES s next generation MEO (Medium Earth Orbit) communications system to target markets,
including data-center trunking, mobile backhaul, automotive, maritime, aviation, teleport services, government projects, and many other
segments of the ever-expanding space tech market. 

Designed to deliver high throughput, ultra-flexible
and carrier-grade MEO services, SES s O3b mPOWER will enable Aerkomm to connect its customers from even the most remote regions
across Taiwan. O3b mPOWER is scheduled to start delivering global services in the third quarter of 2023. 

With partnership support from SES, Aerkomm expects
to continue to expand its portfolio, extending services globally. 

Proprietary
Full-Dominance Glass Semiconductor Antenna (FGSA) Technology 

Currently, flat panel satellite antennas are
being built on Printed Circuit Boards (PCB). This conventional technology and manufacturing process are outdated and have limiting performance
issues. Drawbacks to this material and process are, among others susceptibility to temperature variation which leads to system instability
and warpage of the PCB, creating reliability issues. In the ultra-low temperatures of space, PCB also becomes increasingly brittle. Additionally,
the trace width of copper circuit lines printed on PCB does not allow for further size reduction. 

Aerkomm
has invented a proprietary glass-based Antenna which utilizes Thin Film Transistor (TFT) manufacturing process to integrate control circuit
on sheet glass. This TFT technology has been commonly used in Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) manufacturing. Aerkomm has successfully adopted
the TFT design concept and process into our antenna element structure, creating a revolutionary product. 

AERKOMM s
Antenna Circuits on Glass 

2 

FGSA can be installed on satellites and adopted
for installation on ground equipment as well. 

By utilizing this remarkably high efficiency
antenna, current satellite operators can not only significantly reduce the maintenance and replacement schedule of satellites but also
offer lower cost antennas to customers by increasing the effective bandwidth capacity of each satellite to provide services. 

FGSA
Technology: The World s First Full Glass Antenna 

Antenna
 and circuit are built using a semiconductor process which allows for a much higher degree
 of integration and smaller form factor. 

Our
 glass surface is much flatter than a PCB, which enables a much more precise signal transmission. 

Bare
 IC without packaging reduces the RF loss of packaging. 

Antenna
 is designed and manufactured in a standard tile format and can be easily modularized for
 various applications. 

The
following factors differentiate FGSA technology from PCB based Antennas: 

Antenna
 is built on sheet glass with semiconductor processing. 

Bare-IC
 is bonded directly on top of glass. 

Innovative
 device structure achieves direct control of individual antenna element. 

Dual-beam
 and multi-beam can be easily achieved by these direct control elements. 

Ultra-small
 form factor antenna for satellite-based smart phone is feasible through FGSA technology. 

FGSA
Architecture 

Full-Glass
and Bare IC Integration Enables Ultra High-Performance Antenna(s) 

An
 innovative real-time self-calibration algorithm has been created to bring phased array antenna
 production from a workshop-style manufacturing to a semiconductor-style manufacturing process. 

This
 is a key technology to reduce the bottleneck calibration cycle time from hours to seconds
 in production process. 

3 

AERKOMM s
Self-Calibration Elements 

FGSA
Technology Can Achieve Multi-Beam and Multi-Orbit on A Single Antenna 

FGSA
 technology utilizes direct-drive design to achieve independent control of each element which,
 in turn, allows one single antenna to achieve multi-beam and communications with different
 satellites in different orbits (LEO/MEO/GEO/HEO) at the same time. 

One
Antenna, All Satellites 

Competitor
Benchmark: Satellite Internet Service Provider Market 

FGSA semiconductor antenna can greatly improve
the bandwidth efficiency and sensitivity by 100 + compared to competitors in internet service provider, or ISP market. 

When
comparing similar sized antennas in the current market, Aerkomm s Antenna stands out: 

2X
performance 

50 
 cost reduction 

Wider
 field of view angle 

Seamless
 handover 

Faster
 beam tracking 

Comparison of performance
between competitor (S Company) and Aerkomm 

4 

Technology
and Product Overview 

AERKOMM will provide next generation antenna
solutions at lower cost and ultra-high performance by integrating U.S. advanced satellite technology and superior TFT and semiconductor
development utilizing the sophisticated manufacturing infrastructures of Japan and Taiwan. 

Aerkomm
In-House Proprietary IC GaN/GaAs RF IC, ADC IC, Panel Driver IC, And Power Management IC 

Proprietary
IC On FGSA 

AERKOMM
 proprietary Si-based and SiC-based GaN (Gallium Nitride) RF IC. 

GaN
 IC achieves an exceptional performance, with higher breakdown strength, higher thermal conductivity,
 and lower on-resistance in satellite applications. 

Si-based
 and SiC-based process have both been developed for cost-oriented and performance-oriented
 applications. 

Various
 customized Analog and Power Ics are developed to be plugged into our products. This includes,
 analog-to-digital converters (ADC), panel drivers, power management Ics, and many others.
 Analog Ics must be fully optimized to achieve maximum performance, especially when considering
 Space applications. 

IGBT
 (Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor) has been adopted for high power and high voltage power
 management. 

RF
IC 

We are developing III-V series ICs which can be used for high performance
products: 

RF ICs (Radio Frequency Integrated Circuit) are
essential components in satellite communication systems as they enable signal amplification, frequency conversion, filtering, modulation/demodulation,
and power control. They ensure efficient and reliable communication between the satellite and ground stations, contributing to the overall
performance and effectiveness of satellite communication links. 

They could be integrated into the antenna system
via FGSA technique. 

o Ka-Band
 Proprietary PA (Power Amplifier) LNA (Low-noise Amplifiers). 

o Ku-Band
 Proprietary PA LNA. 

o We are developing CMOS series ICs which can be used for cost effective
products. 

o Ka-Band
 Proprietary PA / LNA / PS (Phase Shifter). 

o Ku-Band
 Proprietary PA / LNA / PS. 

5 

UDC (Up-Down
Converter) 

We are developing Ka-Band / Ku-Band Proprietary Up-Down Converter,
or UDC. UDC is a device that performs the functions of frequency conversion, bandwidth allocation, and signal conditioning between the
uplink and downlink signals. This can be integrated into our proprietary FGSA antenna. 

Prime
 Features: 

- Excellent
 Frequency stability over the entire band. 

- Fine-tuning
 steps for LO. 

- Low
 Phase Noise over the entire frequency of operation. 

- Gain
 Control option and its stability. 

- Low
 LO leakage and high Image rejection. 

- Small
 package with multichannel options. 

Aerkomm Software-Defined Modem--A Universal
Modem for Various Constellation Connections 

Development
 for next generation constellation connection 

Software-defined
modems enable flexibility, adaptability, and efficiency by providing programmable signal processing functions that can be reconfigured
to support different modulation and coding schemes, as well as the latest protocols and standards. 

By applying single hardware platform
for multiple standards, we have created this unique system to be more flexible and compatible to different satellite constellation waveforms,
and more easily upgraded for new waveforms via software updates. 

Benefits
 of utilizing minimal resources to achieve maximum performance. 

LEO
satellite communication systems often have limited power / bandwidth resources and suffer time-varying channel / high mobility issues.
Software-defined modems can be designed to optimize the use of those resources and combat channel impairments by implementing advanced
signal processing techniques and algorithms. 

We
 are developing broadband Modem FPGA and SOC 

The
 1 st Generation is FPGA-based architecture, will be ready in Q4 2023 

The
 2 nd Generation is SOC-based architecture, will be ready in Q4 2024/2025 

Main
 Function Blocks of AERKOMM s Modem: 

Control
 Processor (CPU), Physical Layer (PHY), Media Access Control Layer (MAC), Network Ports (Ethernet
 / WIFI). 

Key
 Features of AERKOMM s Modem: 

Beyond
 Enterprise-Level Outdoor Connectivity Experiencing 

- 5+Gsps
 ADC/DAC, Multi-Channels, Software-Defined Modem 

- 500+MHz
 Symbol Rate, High Bandwidth Application 

- 1000+Mbps
 Downlink Data Throughput 

- 1000+Mbps
 Uplink Data Throughput 

6 

Software-Defined
Modem Architecture 

We
have been developing our first-generation software-defined modem using FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array), expected to be in operation
by Q1 2024. 

The
second-generation architecture will be implemented by SoC (System On Chip) with CPU/GPU-embedded which can leverage high parallel-processing
capability. 

EdgeKomm Box: 

Aerkomm s EdgeKomm Box is an advanced
computing device that optimizes connectivity services and over-the-top (OTT) content delivery by providing local caching, reducing latency,
and improving network performance, revolutionizing the way content is accessed and delivered. 

Distributed
 satellite-enabled always-on EdgeKomm Box CDN network to ensure high QoS and
 low latency for media delivery. 

Significant
 reduction in last mile bandwidth cost (CAPEX) for operators and VOD platforms 

Robust
 Hybrid Cloud Computing Platform for future revenue stream 

Profit-sharing
 model with advertising VOD to provide additional revenue streams. 

Potential
 for growth and scalability with the ability to connect users in even the most remote locations. 

7 

Market-Proven
Distributed CDN Network for ISP CAPEX Reduction 

Satellite-Enabled
Distributed CDN Network To Reduce ISP s Last Mile CAPEX 

Aerkomm s EdgeKomm Box will define and implement the most advanced
satellite DTH 2.0 to enable IP-delivered and multicast-based video applications for hybrid cloud computing services. 

What
is DTH 2.0? 

DTH
 2.0 is the next generation of DTH (Direct-to-Home) satellite television services, including
 new technologies and services designed to enhance the user experience and provides new revenue
 opportunities for DTH operators. 

8 

Native
 IP is used for the delivery of interactive and on-demand services such as video-on-demand
 (VOD) and catch-up TV. 

High-Efficiency
 Video Coding (HEVC) is used for improved video quality at lower bitrates, which reduces satellite
 bandwidth costs and enables the delivery of more channels and services. 

Advanced
 advertising capabilities, including targeted advertising based on viewer demographics and
 interests, are integrated into DTH2.0. 

Social
 media and other interactive features are also integrated to provide a more personalized and
 immersive experience for viewers. 

EdgeKomm
Box defines and implements the most advanced satellite DTH 2.0 to enable IP-delivered and multicast-based video applications. 

Our
Technology Roadmap 

The roadmap
below shows our high-level summary and time frame of the technology under development. 

GEO/MEO
and LEO antennas will commence mass production on Q1 2024 and Q4 2024 respectively. 

9 

Our
Product Roadmap 

The Integrated Outdoor Unit, or ODU, system comprises of Antennas and
Modems of several bands that are uniquely dedicated for satellite applications. We mainly focus on ODU devices of Ka-band, Ku-band, V-band,
and E-band. ODU refers to equipment used in satellite communication systems that is located outside or in the vicinity of a building or
facility. The antenna is the primary component of the ODU and is designed to receive and transmit signals to and from the satellite. 

The
product roadmap timeline below also shows the development of the EdgeKomm Box together with the applicable related Solutions. 

Our
Market 

Utilizing
our revolutionary FGSA technology, Aerkomm aims to acquire significant market share across all sectors of Ground Equipment and Satellite
Services. As stated in the 2021 report by the Satellite Industry Association Report, Ground Equipment and Satellite services account
for nearly 68 of an industry that was a 386B Market. 

This
growing market is anticipated to explode over the next decade, and reach a total value of some 1,053B by 2040. Aerkomm believes it can
leverage our industry leading technology to offer cost-competitive data services to market. 

Mobile
BackHaul Market 

Currently millions of existing 4G/5G base stations
are in desperate need of upgrade for satellite connectivity. FGSA technology can provide ultra-high-performance throughput/small form
factor antennas for existing base stations. We are currently engaged in business discussions with major satellite operators in this 5G
segment currently underway. 

Emerging high demand in the satellite 5G/6G mobile
backhaul market in developing nations and global conflict zones, has created a need to address network resilience by utilizing satellite
connectivity. 

10 

The cost involved to build out a fiber network
can be too cumbersome for developing and under serviced nations, which often see fiber lines cut and stripped for resale. In global conflict
zones, communications infrastructure is an immediate military target, resulting in marine and land lines being destroyed. 

New
Generation Teleport Services 

With global teleport antenna technology evolving
away from analog/parabolic antennas to digital beamforming flat panel antennas, parabolic antennas are set for rapid replacement as the
satellite industry shifts from GEO services to multi-orbit services. This means massive numbers of LEO satellites will need to be tracked
and connected simultaneously. As NGSO elevation is extremely low, a low-profile antenna is required to avoid obstacles and interference.
We believe that Aerkomm s FGSA technology can accommodate this market demand by offering a digital beamforming flat panel antenna
that can fulfill multi-orbit tracking simultaneously. With this revolutionary antenna, beaming and tracking is not limited by mechanical
movement (as seen in parabolic antennas), FGSA antennas are also small enough to not be visible from the sky. 

ISR
Projects 

Aerkomm expects to be awarded a GEO/MEO Aero ISR
(Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance) project in 2024 by a certain national government which we cannot name due to the confidential
nature of the proposed contract. This six-year project will be based on Aerkomm s robust quality and innovative technology in aviation
and maritime applications. 

Aerkomm will offer high-throughput antennas for real-time data transmission,
unique small form factor FGSA technology resulting in consistent advantages for UAV and SatCom applications. This will allow for the implementation
of AI technology for identification and real-time calibration of high value objects. 

Network
Resilience Market 

The
recent conflict between Russia and Ukraine has set off the trend of satellite communication as an essential means of comprehensive emergency
support worldwide. With GEO, HEO, MEO, and LEO satellites providing supportive services, tailored to different application domains for
critical emergency rescue operations, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) missions, coastal and maritime monitoring,
technological research, and addressing communication blind spots in civilian areas. 

Over the past year globally, government budgets
have seen massive increases to secure network resiliency. When comparing flat panel antennas to conventional parabolic antennas, flat
panel antennas are becoming highly desired products due to the advantages of small form factor, high efficiency, high gain and are especially
inconspicuous from-the-sky. 

FGSA
Offers Small Form Factor and Low-Cost Solutions to Various Markets: 

5G/6G
Mobile Backhaul Market 

Emerging
 high demand of satellite 5G/6G mobile backhaul in developing countries and global conflict
 zones. 

Reinforcing
 communication network resilience via satellites is an increasingly dedicated market. 

11 

FGSA
Technology will Serve 5G/6G Mobile Backhaul Market 

Millions
 of existing 4G/5G base stations are in desperate need to be upgraded for satellite-compatibility. 

FGSA
 technology can provide ultra-high throughput/small form factor antennas for millions of existing
 4G/5G base stations. 

Business
 engagement with the major satellite operators in this 5G mobile backhaul segment is in rapid
 progress. 

The
 service delivery is expected in Q1 of 2024. 

AERKOMM s
Flat Panel Antenna Technology Will Lead the Revolution of New Generation Teleport Services 

Global
 Teleport antenna technology is evolving from analog parabolic antennas to digital beamforming
 flat panel antennas. 

Current
 Teleport s parabolic antennas will be replaced due to various reasons: 

Satellite
 industry is shifting from GEO service to multi-orbit service. 

Massive
 numbers of LEO satellites need to be tracked and connected simultaneously. 

NGSO
 elevation is extremely low and need low profile antennas to avoid obstacles and interference. 

The
 next generation of antennas need to be invisible from sky due to national security concern. 

To
 fulfill these requirements, flat panel antennas are the only solution: 

Digital
 beamforming flat panel antennas can do multi-orbit tracking simultaneously. 

Digital
 beamforming and tracking are not limited by mechanical movements as in parabolic antennas. 

Flat
 panel antennas are much smaller and not visible from the sky. 

12 

Aviation
Connectivity 

The
 February 24, 2023, IATA Economics Chart , following a Business Confidence Survey, shows a broadly positive outlook for the air
transport industry in this post-COVID recovery period. The outlook is more favorable for the passenger than cargo segment, with passenger
demand expected to continue to recover strongly over the year ahead. In contrast, the outlook for cargo volumes has softened over the
past year, with a much more moderate expectation for growth over the next twelve months. 

Respondents
 attribute much of their optimism to the reopening of borders across the world, 

especially amongst
the major economies in the Asia Pacific. 

That
 said, the latest survey results make clear that the outlook for 2023 is not without its 

challenges.
Macro-economic headwinds particularly inflation and fuel prices remain key concerns for the industry. Compared with expectations
from a year ago, only 14 of respondents expect input costs to moderate over the year ahead vs 34 in January 2022. Despite concerns
regarding ongoing wage pressures in some markets, 71 of respondents expect to increase employment this year, up solidly from 59 a year
ago. 

Turning
 to yields, the outlook has softened for the passenger segment, with almost 1/3 of 

respondents expecting
yields to decline this year and a similar proportion expecting no change. 

There
is a clear expectation that cargo yields are likely to decline over the course of the year. 

Despite
 the challenges, respondents are, overall, much more positive about their financial prospects
 than a year ago; 82 expect an improved profit performance over the next twelve months currently,
 compared with 59 at the same time last year. This is consistent with our latest financial
 forecast which anticipates that the industry will return to a modest net profit position
 in 2023. 

The
 March 3, 2023, IATA Economics Chart , demonstrates that Aircraft deliveries are poised for a solid rebound in 2023, with a total
of 1,540 aircraft scheduled to be delivered this year, up 300 units (24 compared to 2022. Where the new deliveries lead to replacement
of old aircraft with modern, more fuel-efficient alternatives, they not only improve operational efficiency, but also contribute to a
reduction in harmful emissions. 

On
current estimates, aircraft deliveries are set to surpass their 2019-level for the first time since the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic.
The largest portion of the year-on-year (YoY) increase in 2023 can be attributed to orders from North America and Europe, whose deliveries
are up by a significant 32 and 33 YoY, respectively. 

In
 2023, North America (primarily the United States) is expected to be the recipient of a third
 of the deliveries, followed closely by Europe (27 and Asia Pacific (24 ; mainly China P.R.
 and India). This contrasts with the pre-pandemic trends, where for a number of years Asia
 Pacific accounted for the largest proportion of aircraft deliveries by some distance (39 
 share in 2019). That region s delayed recovery from the pandemic a result of
 prolonged Covid-19 outbreaks and travel restrictions is likely to be a key explanation
 for this development. In light of the recent reopening of China P.R. we might expect it to
 be a temporary occurrence. 

Another
 important aspect of aircraft deliveries is aircraft type, as it sheds light on airline business
 model evolution and network development. In 2023, 1,149 (75 of deliveries are expected
 to be narrowbody jets designed primarily for short haul routes compared to
 213 widebody jets (14 of the deliveries). Two thirds of the widebodies are scheduled to
 be delivered to Asia Pacific and Europe alone. While widebody deliveries are up 28 YoY,
 they are still lagging their pre-pandemic levels. The delayed recovery in widebody aircraft
 deliveries is reflected across all regions. 

13 

Overall,
 the rebound in the number of scheduled aircraft deliveries in 2023 provides a promising outlook
 for the aviation industry, underpinned by a firm commitment and drive to improve the efficiency
 of its fleet. 

IATA s
Air Passenger Market Analysis, issued in February 2023, shows that air travel growth remains strong. 

Global
 passenger demand continued to grow in February 2023. Industry-wide revenue passenger-kilometers
 (RPKs) increased 55.5 year-on-year (YoY) and were only 15.1 below their pre-pandemic level. 
 The global traffic recovery has been helped by recent developments in the Asia Pacific region s
 air travel markets. 

International
 RPKs grew 89.7 annually, as passenger flows between the Asia Pacific region and the rest
 of the world continued to catch up with other major international markets. Asia Pacific
 airlines grew their international RPKs by 378.7 YoY. 

Domestic
 passenger traffic continued to trend near pre-pandemic levels, growing 25.2 annually and
 achieving 91.2 of February 2019 RPKs. A few monitored markets have exceeded their
 pre-pandemic capacity and passenger traffic levels. 

14 

Aviation
Industry 

Immediately
prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, there were, according to Airbus and Boeing, more than 23,000 commercial aircraft flying
globally, a number that was expected to more than double in the next 20 years. Both Airbus and Boeing had estimated that the global fleet
of commercial aircraft would increase from 23,000 planes in 2019 to more than 46,000 in 2041, according to their respective 2022 reports,
 Global Market Forecast report 2022 2041 and Commercial Market Outlook 2022 2041. 

The
Airbus Global Market Forecast report 2022 2041 predicted the following: 

Air
 traffic demand is coming back strongly as the world adapts to Covid. Traffic will recover
 to 2019 levels between 2023 and 2025. 

Passenger
 traffic growth 3.6 CAGR and freight traffic growth 3.2 CAGR. 

Approximately
 39,500 new aircraft deliveries will be needed, of which >2,400 new and converted freighters. 
 The increase would include 40 for aircraft replacement and 60 for growth. 

Approximately
 80 will typically be single-aisle aircraft and approximately 20 will be widebodies. 

15 

Asia-Pacific,
 China, Europe and US continue to be major drivers for growth and replacement. 

Boeing,
in their Commercial Market Outlook 2022-2041 Report, presents an excellent Executive Summary of the 20-Year Market Demand which is depicted
below: 

16 

Rapidly Growing In-Flight Internet Markets 

In-Flight
 Highspeed Internet market is growing rapidly 

Boeing
 predicts that 70 of commercial aircraft will be equipped with internet connectivity by 2030 

Recently,
there have been more than 4 billion passengers flying globally, annually, spread across 23,000 airplanes. Only approximately 25 of these
airplanes are equipped to offer some form of onboard connectivity with sometimes erratic quality, slow speeds and low broadband. Currently,
less than 25 of the world s airline companies are providing some form of in-flight WiFi services through third-party providers.
We believe that there is a huge market potential among the remaining unconnected airlines. 

According
to the Boeing Report titled Commercial Market Outlook 2019 2038 , it has been projected that by the end of 2030,
two-thirds of the world s aircraft fleet will have some form of connectivity, whether through retrofit or line fit at production
stage. Currently, most connectivity upgrades are being done through aircraft modification as in-service aircraft are outfitted with new
and high-speed systems. It is estimated that more than one thousand commercial aircraft are being upgraded annually. Eventually, more
airplanes will be delivered from the production line with connectivity installed. However, whether aircraft connectivity is being carried
out as a retrofit, or built into the initial aircraft production line, the evolution of IFEC technology shows that the demand for connectivity
is increasing. 

Our
Aviation IFC Solutions 

Aerkomm
has two systems which can be offered to the aviation market. 

1. 
 Aerkomm
 K++ System : This is a full internet connectivity solution offered to both commercial airlines and private business jet operators.
 The Aerkomm K++ System, which is described in more detail below, will contain our proprietary FGSA Ka and Ku band antennas for transmission
 and receiving, and will comply with ARINC 791 and 781 standards of Aeronautical Radio, Incorporated (ARINC) meeting the necessary
 design approvals. 

With
our advanced proprietary FGSA antenna system which will be qualified for aviation use, we plan to provide both commercial airlines and
private business jet operators, as well as the different aircraft manufacturers with a cost-effective connectivity solution for both
hardware and broadband. This system will operate through both Ku and Ka connectivity via GEO, MEO and LEO satellites. 

2. Aerkomm
 AirCinema Cube : This is an intranet-based wireless connectivity solution also
 offered to both commercial airlines and private business operators. The Aerkomm AirCinema
 Cube which is described in more detail below, will provide passengers access to media content,
 including movies, videos, music, news feeds, video games, advertising and promotions. It
 streams content from an onboard server to existing cabin IFE devices and/or passenger mobile
 devices. 

We
have various business models in place for our approach to the IFC aviation market. 

1. Commercial
 Airlines 

Our main source of revenue is expected
to be derived from the sale of the hardware as well as subscription-based plan for the bandwidth connectivity from selected satellite
operator partners. This can be achieved from both retrofit solutions on commercial aircraft already in operation by airline customers,
as well as line-fit solutions for new aircraft being assembled at the different aircraft manufacturers facilities prior to delivery
to the respective aircraft lessors and airline customers. We already have an agreement in place with our first commercial airline
customer, Hong Kong Airlines (discussed below). We are in advanced discussion with several additional potential customers directly through
our corporate network. We cannot give any assurances at this time, however, that we will be able to successfully complete any of these
additional discussions. 

Once
our Aerkomm K++ system is approved by Airbus and receives the applicable airworthiness certifications, which process we expect to be
completed in the fourth quarter of 2024, as further discussed below, we will begin providing our Aerkomm K++ systems for installation
on commercial airline aircraft. 

2. Corporate
 Jet Customers 

To
capitalize on this market, we plan to sell our IFC system hardware to corporate jet owners through the Airbus Corporate Jets (ACJ) and
Boeing Business Jets (BBJ) programs. In addition to selling our IFC systems equipment, we will also sell these corporate jet aircraft
owners the bandwidth required for the operation of our services, priced on a subscription plan basis. This business model would generate
revenue and income directly from the sale of our IFC hardware and related bandwidth. We already have an agreement in place with our first
corporate jet and launch customer, MJet GMBH (discussed below), and we are in advanced discussion with several additional potential customers
both directly through our corporate network and through Airbus. We cannot give any assurances at this time, however, that we will be
able to successfully complete any of these additional discussions. 

Once
our Aerkomm K++ system is approved by Airbus and receives the applicable airworthiness certifications, which process we expect to be
completed during the fourth quarter of 2024, we will begin selling our Aerkomm K++ systems for installation on Airbus ACJ aircraft. 

17 

Our
Different Business Solutions 

Aerkomm
can provide different business solutions to airline customers and business jet operators, all of which generate revenue. 

1. Retrofit
 solution for Airlines : 

Commercial
airline customers having an existing fleet with aircraft already operating in service will require a retrofit solution. For those
airline customers who already have aircraft in operation, Aerkomm shall offer a retrofit solution by selling at a competitive price,
our Aerkomm K++ System. The airline would be responsible for installing the equipment whilst the aircraft is undergoing scheduled maintenance
which can be carried out under the supervision of Aerkomm. The airline would also require purchasing from Aerkomm the necessary
bandwidth to provide connectivity to its passengers. 

Line
 Fit solution for Airlines 

Today,
airliners can choose from among a wide range of selectable features that provide value to their operation. Optional provisions such as
satellite communications and In-Flight Connectivity (IFC) systems give airlines the ability to improve passenger experience and enhance
operating efficiencies. Selectable features are generally made up of independent selections and package selections, which are discussed
below. 

Independent
 Selections 

Independent
selectable features are pre-qualified equipment options offered from a wide variety of industry suppliers. The options offered are used
to modify or add to the standard features described in the aircraft s baseline specification. 

Independent
selections are made up of selectable Seller-Furnished Equipment (SFE), which is optional equipment offered directly by the aircraft manufacturer,
and Buyer-Furnished Equipment (BFE), which is optional equipment which the airlines choose during the production of the aircraft, and
which the airline is fully responsible for negotiating directly with the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), such as Aerkomm, for
all terms of the purchase. Another category used is Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE), which is simply (BFE) that the aircraft manufacturer
purchases on behalf of the customer. 

3.1 Supplier
Furnished Equipment (SFE) : SFE is standard equipment which makes up the bulk of the hardware installed on an aircraft. SFE is
generally sole-sourced to suppliers under a partnership/cost-sharing agreement and includes equipment used in various aircraft systems.
Generally, there are limited SFE options for the operator to choose from, and when available they are commercially managed between airline
and the aircraft manufacturer. The price of all SFE is commonly included in the airframe price. 

SFE
suppliers are generally not required to bid for contracts at each phase of the design and manufacturing process but are expected to be
highly responsive to the needs of the manufacturer as part of a longer-term partnership. This strategy reassures equipment suppliers
of the manufacturer s commitment, avoids costs associated with frequent re-competitions, and puts SFE suppliers in a position to
influence the establishment of future industry standards and specifications for new equipment. 

More
recently, airframers and system integrators have taken to make risk-sharing more attractive by reducing the number of suppliers with
whom they contract with. The airlines like this concept because it offers them a choice of equipment without requiring them to make contract
arrangements with suppliers. And the manufacturers prefer this alternative given it gives them better control of the production process
and reduces manufacturing costs. 

3.2 Buyer
Furnished Equipment (BFE): BFE is optional equipment chosen during the production of the aircraft and is commercially managed between
the airline and the BFE suppliers. Aircraft manufacturers offer customers a choice of BFE equipment from a catalog listing qualified
suppliers. The customers would then have to negotiate with the suppliers themselves and would be contractually responsible for choosing
the right equipment and ensuring it is delivered on time. Generally, the price of BFE is not included in the airframe price. Most of
this equipment is largely standard from airplane to airplane, such as navigation, communication, and entertainment systems. An airline
will thus usually select a supplier for their entire fleet and then have the supplier adapt it to the particular airplane installation.
This allows for the owner to standardize BFE on other aircraft and take advantage of interchangeability and bulk purchases . 

18 

Our
Connectivity Solutions 

1.
Aerkomm K++ System 

Our full internet connectivity IFC system, which
is called the AERKOMM K++ system, will include an adaptor plate where our proprietary FGSA Ka and Ku band antennas for transmission and
receiving will be mounted and covered by an ultra-low-profile radome which is capable for both Ka and Ku bands. The system will comply
with ARINC 791 and 781 standards of Aeronautical Radio, Incorporated (ARINC) and meet the necessary design approvals. The number of proprietary
antenna tiles installed will depend on the required download speeds and will work with SES O3bmPower, Telesat and OneWeb satellite constellations. 

The standard Aerkomm K++ system can deliver up to 350 Mbps to each
aircraft which is enough to enable all passengers to access streaming-capable internet connectivity at the same time. Passengers can
also do online gaming, e-commerce and other activities requiring high data rate. We can also offer higher Mbps capability by installing
additional proprietary antennas for which we will charge an additional amount. 

Most
in-flight connectivity systems currently in the market rely on the Ku-band satellite signals for communication. Many players in the market
are working to provide higher bandwidth and faster transmitting rates using the Ka-band. 

19 

1.1 Our
Connectivity Solutions using Ku-band and Ka-band GEO/MEO/LEO Band Satellites 

We
expect to bring connectivity on-board to aircraft through communication satellites. 

Most
in-flight connectivity systems currently in the market rely on the Ku-band satellite signals for communication. Many players in the market
are working to provide higher bandwidth and faster transmitting rates using the Ka-band. Currently, there are few Ka-enabled satellites
and as a result, the coverage area in the Asia-Pacific region is limited. However, new GEO (Geostationary Earth Orbiting) and LEO (Low
Earth Orbiting) Ka-band satellites are being regularly launched and this should provide worldwide Ka band coverage over the next few
years. 

New
GEO (Geostationary Earth Orbiting) and LEO (Low Earth Orbiting) Ka-band satellites are being regularly launched and this increase in
satellites is expected to provide worldwide Ka-band coverage within the next few years. 

Our
Aerkomm K++ system architecture will bring our aviation partners and their passengers the benefits of both GEO, MEO and LEO Ka-band satellite
technology. GEO satellites may scan a hemisphere of earth, or fixed regions of that hemisphere at regular intervals. Performance of GEO
satellites diminishes greatly in the areas near the Earth s poles. LEO satellites orbit the earth from pole to pole and collect
data from the areas beneath them. Only LEO satellites can collect high quality data over the poles. The Ka-band satellite increases data
throughput. Aerkomm has the necessary technology ready to take advantage of this new trend in Ka-band aviation connectivity. To-date
a number of satellites belonging to different satellite companies and using Ku and Ka bands are already in operation. SES O3b already
have 20 classic Ka band satellites in orbit and this year they would have launched 6 new O3bmPower Ka band satellites which are more
powerful than the classic ones. One Web will launch 618 Ku and Ka band satellites, whilst Telesat will launch 188 Ka band satellites
in 2023. Starlink has by far the biggest number of satellites in orbit with Ku and Ka band satellites already launched and another 2000
expected for 2023. Full global service with Ka-band is target for the second half of 2024. 

2. Aerkomm
 AirCinema Cube 

This
is an intranet-based wireless connectivity solution also offered to both commercial airlines and private business operators. The Aerkomm
AirCinema Cube will provide passengers access to media content, including movies, videos, music, news feeds, video games, advertising
and promotions. It streams content from an onboard server to existing cabin IFE devices and/or passenger mobile devices. It is capable
of up to 16TB worth of content available for streaming. Contents are accessed on mobile devices from web browsers or an app. 

Narrow body aircraft such as the Airbus A320
and Boeing B737 require only one Aerkomm AirCinema cube to be fitted to cater for all passengers. Wide body aircraft such as the Airbus
A330/340/350 and Boeing B777/787 will require two Aerkomm AirCinema cubes per aircraft to cater for all passengers. The installation
of the cube can be carried out relatively quickly during an overnight stop of the aircraft and The Aerkomm AirCinema Cube is non-battery
operated and will require connection to the 28V DC system of the aircraft through a Supplemental Type Certificate and cabling which will
also include the cabling and connectors supplied from an Engineering company such as AKKA Technologies (now Sabena Technics) in France. 

20 

We
partner with SES (GEO/MEO) and Telesat (GEO/LEO) 

Telesat
Cooperation Agreement: On June 23, 2020, Aerkomm entered into a cooperation agreement with Telesat Leo Inc., or Telesat, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Telesat Canada. Telesat is one of the world s largest and most successful satellite operators providing critical
connectivity solutions that tackle complex communications challenges. Through this agreement, Aerkomm and Telesat will jointly collaborate
to develop a test program for the Telesat low-Earth-orbit (LEO) Network, Telesat s network of low-earth orbit satellites for aircraft
connectivity, to assess the technical and commercial viability of incorporating the Telesat LEO Network capacity into Aerkomm s
IFEC product portfolio and network. Aerkomm and Telesat will collaborate in both technical and commercial activity. 

The
two parties technical collaboration is expected to include testing network performance, leveraging Telesat s Phase 1 LEO
satellite which has been in polar orbit since 2018, ensuring compatibility with existing Aerkomm IFEC solutions and future user terminal
solutions, and end-to-end implementation within regulatory guidelines. Commercial collaboration will include optimizing business and
operating models, joint presentations and information sessions with key customers and partners and exploring a long-term joint development
plan. 

This
cooperation agreement between Aerkomm and Telesat is preliminary and nonbinding and subject to the negotiation and execution of a definitive
agreement. Aerkomm expects that a definitive agreement will be signed, although there can be no assurance when this will happen, if at
all. The Telesat Cooperation Agreement was renewed by both parties on November 10, 2021. 

SES Cooperation Agreement: On January
10, 2022, Aerkomm entered into a non-binding cooperation agreement (see Exhibit No. 10.77) with New Skies Satellites B.V., a Dutch company
with its principal offices located at Rooseveltplantsoen the Hague, Netherlands SES ). SES is one of the world leaders in
satellite operations and is operating a constellation of satellites in medium-earth orbit (MEO) and geostationary-earth orbit (GEO) with
a multi-terabit, high-throughput, low-latency network infrastructure (the SES Satellite Network ), used for the global mobility
market, including aviation, maritime, and the global fixed location market, including equipment, mobile back haul, teleport and data center
co-location. SES has launched SES-17, a GEO satellite, and a series of MEO satellites (O3b), and will launch additional MEO satellites O3b mPOWER as part of the SES Satellite Network. Through this agreement, Aerkomm and SES will jointly collaborate respect
to the following areas relating to the Project: 

Technical
 collaboration 

a) SES
 Satellite Network test campaign: Develop a test program based on the SES Satellite Network
 and conduct tests to validate the network performance with user terminal equipped with an
 AKOM antenna solution to optimize AKOM s and SES s assets and investments. AKOM
 shall share with SES all results of any testing and experiments conducted. 

b) AKOM
 Antenna Ku/Ka-band solutions: Collaboration on developing on AKOM Antenna to be deployed
 on the SES Satellite Network, such collaboration may include an SES Satellite Network modem
 as part of the solution. 

c) Hybrid
 user terminal solutions: Collaboration to set AKOM antenna development goals seeking compatibility
 across the SES Satellite Network, including GEO and MEO assets. 

Commercial
 collaboration 

a) Market
 demand: Share user terminal market demand and forecast for the SES Satellite Network by market
 segment and explore optimal business and operating models. 

b) Market
 promotion: Collaborate on promoting O3b MEO satellite network and bandwidth, including O3b
 mPOWER, with or without AKOM antenna and/or Sat. DDC to AKOM s customers. 

c) Partnership
 plan: Explore a longer-term joint services and market development plan for AKOM s regions
 of interests, to best leverage the combined scale and capabilities of both Parties. 

21 

This
cooperation agreement between Aerkomm and SES is preliminary and nonbinding and subject to the negotiation and execution of a definitive
agreement. Aerkomm expects that a definitive agreement will be signed, although there can be no assurance when this will happen, if at
all. 

The
MOUs we enter are nonbinding and, as a result, they only express the desires and understandings between the parties and do not create
any legally binding rights, obligations or contracts except for certain customary provisions such as exclusivity, costs and expenses,
confidentiality and governing law. Any binding obligation to proceed with the transactions contemplated by the MOUs would need to be
included in a definitive agreement that is subject to negotiation by the parties, approvals by the board of directors of respective parties
and in certain instances, approvals from regulatory authorities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into such definitive
agreements or receive the required governmental approvals, and there can be no assurances that any of the expired MOUs will be extended
or renewed. If for whatever reason the transactions contemplated by the MOUs do not proceed, our results of operations and financial
condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
Contracts with Airbus and Airline Partners 

Airbus
SAS 

On
November 30, 2018, in furtherance of a memorandum of understanding signed in March 2018, Aerkomm entered into an agreement with Airbus
SAS, or Airbus, pursuant to which Airbus will develop and certify a complete retrofit solution allowing the installation of our AERKOMM
K++ system on Airbus single aisle aircraft family including the Airbus A319/320/321, for both Current Engine Option (CEO)
and New Engine Option (NEO) models. We expect to expand our agreement with Airbus to include other Airbus models including the Airbus
A330, A340, A350 and A380 series. Airbus will apply for and obtain on our behalf a Supplemental Type Certificate (STC) from the European
Aviation Safety Agency, or EASA, as well as from the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration or FAA, for the retrofit AERKOMM K++ system. 

Pursuant
to the terms of our Airbus agreement, Airbus agreed to provide Aerkomm with the retrofit solution which will include the Service Bulletin
and the material kits including the update of technical and operating manuals pertaining to the aircraft and provision of aircraft configuration
control. The timeframe for the completion and testing of this retrofit solution, including the certification, is expected to be in the
fourth quarter of 202 4 1 , although there is no guarantee that the project will be successfully completed in
the projected timeframe. Once the project is completed, Aerkomm, or Airbus on behalf of Aerkomm, will be able to commence installation
of the AERKOMM K++ system on aircraft in the fourth quarter of 2024. 

Multiple
airlines, and in particular aircraft lessors, will accept only Service Bulletins issued by the aircraft manufacturers for the retrofit
installation of any system on board their aircraft. Our agreement with Airbus ensures that our system will meet this requirement for
aircraft lessors who intend to purchase Airbus aircraft, although it does not guarantee that airlines or aircraft lessors will purchase
our AERKOMM K++ system. 

Airbus
Interior Services 

On
July 24, 2020, our wholly owned subsidiary, Aerkomm Malta, entered into an agreement with Airbus Interior Services, a wholly owned subsidiary
of Airbus. This new agreement follows the agreement that Aerkomm signed with Airbus on November 30, 2018, pursuant to which Airbus agreed
to develop, install and certify the Aerkomm K++ System on a prototype A320 aircraft to EASA and FAA certification standards, Airbus Interior
Services provides current cabin upgrade solutions for Airbus aircraft operators while bringing additional flexibility and reduced lead
times to the cabin upgrade process. Pursuant to the agreement with Aerkomm Malta, Airbus Interior Services will provide and certify,
via the Airbus Design Organization Approval process, a complete retrofit solution to develop EASA/FAA certified Service Bulletins, to
supply related Aircraft Modification Kits and to install the Aerkomm K++ Connectivity solution on the A320 family of commercial aircraft.
This new agreement also includes Airbus support for the integration of the Aerkomm K++ System components on the aircraft, including ARINC
791 structural reinforcements and related engineering work. 

22 

Airbus
Interior Services will provide support for European National Airworthiness Authorities (NAA) certification as required in addition to
EASA certification. Airbus Interior Services will also provide on-site technical support at the Maintenance Repair Organization (MRO)
base for the first aircraft retrofit of each new customer. 

We
plan to install the Airbus Interior Services created Service Bulletin and Airbus kits for the AERKOMM K++ retrofit solution first on
the Hong Kong Airlines fleet of 12 Airbus A320 aircraft. With this installation, Hong Kong Airlines will become Aerkomm s first
commercial airline customer. 

Hong
Kong Airlines 

In
June 2015, we entered into a master agreement with Hong Kong Airlines Limited, or Hong Kong Airlines, to install IFEC systems on-board
their aircraft. 

On
January 30, 2020, further to the master agreement with Hong Kong Airlines, Aerkomm signed an agreement with Hong Kong Airlines to provide
to Hong Kong Airlines both of its Aerkomm AirCinema and AERKOMM K++ IFEC solutions. This agreement does not include Klingon as a party
and Klingon is no longer involved in our contractual relationship with Hong Kong Airlines. 

Under
the terms of this new agreement, Aerkomm will provide its Ka-band AERKOMM K++ IFEC system for installation on Hong Kong Airlines 
fleet of 12 Airbus A320 and 5 Airbus A330-300 aircraft as well as its AERKOMM AirCinema system for the Hong Kong Airlines Airbus A320
aircraft. Hong Kong Airlines will become the first commercial airliner launch customer for Aerkomm. 

On November 17, 2021, we signed a new agreement
with Hong Kong Airlines Ltd and Ejectt Inc. (formerly known as Yuanjiu Inc.). Based on the long-term relationship and anticipated further
co-operation between Aerkomm and Hong Kong Airlines, Aerkomm agreed that it will provide to Hong Kong Airlines the Low Earth Orbit (LEO)
satellite version of the Aerkomm K++ System with the Telesat Lightspeed service when available. The Aerkomm K++ System will be delivered
with a full certified Service Bulletin by Airbus. 

The
AERKOMM K++ system, will introduce high-speed internet access to the seatback screens of Hong Kong Airlines Airbus A320
aircraft, connected via the AERKOMM K++ IFEC system. Instead of the traditionally preloaded and fixed selection of in-flight entertainment,
passengers will have access to high-speed internet steaming services for videos, music and social media. 

The
AERKOMM K++ IFEC system will also provide passengers of Hong Kong Airlines with an at home network experience by providing
 on-board Wi-Fi internet connectivity to all passenger personal devices, including laptops, mobile phones and tablets. The AERKOMM
K++ system will be ready future-proof and compatible with the next generation of satellite technologies. 

In
order to install the AERKOMM K++ system on the Hong Kong Airlines aircraft, we will have to obtain local approval for the AERKOMM K++
system from the Hong Kong Civil Aviation (HKCAD). This HKCAD local approval will be based on our obtaining the Airbus Service Bulletin,
which we expect to receive from Airbus, together with EASA certification, by sometime in the fourth quarter of 2024. Once we receive
the Airbus Service Bulletin and the EASA certification, jointly with the support of Airbus, we will be able to apply to the HKCAD for
the required local approval. 

As
an interim solution for Hong Kong Airlines, until the Aerkomm K++ System can be fully retrofitted onto the Hong Kong Airlines aircraft
fleet, Aerkomm plans to install the Aerkomm AirCinema Cube on Hong Kong Airlines fleet of A320 and A330 aircraft during the thi rd
to fourth quarter of 2023. The AirCinema Cube is a portable inflight entertainment, or IFE, intranet server which will provide
to passengers personal entertainment devices pre-loaded videos, news, music and games, on demand. Media content will be jointly
managed by Aerkomm and Hong Kong Airlines and content updates will be provided regularly by Aerkomm. 

On
May 11, 2020, our Taiwan based subsidiary, Aerkomm Telecom, entered into a binding product purchase agreement with Ejectt Inc., or Ejectt,
a Taiwan company whose Chairman is a member of our board of directors, to purchase 100 sets of the AirCinema Cube from Ejectt for installation
on Hong Kong Airlines fleet of aircraft. On July 15, 2020, Aerkomm Telecom signed a second product purchase agreement with Ejectt
for an additional 100 sets of the AirCinema Cube. To date, Ejectt has delivered 20 AirCinema Cubes to Aerkomm. 

23 

Other
Airline Partners and Business Jet Prospective Customers 

We
are actively working with prospective airline customers to provide them with the AERKOMM K++ system. 

In
connection with the Airbus project, we have also identified owners of Airbus Corporate Jet, or ACJ, as potential customers of our AERKOMM
K++ system. To capitalize on this additional market, we plan to sell our AERKOMM K++ system hardware for installation on ACJ corporate
jets and provide connectivity through subscription-based plans. This new corporate jet market could generate additional revenue and income
for our company. 

As
discussed below, we have entered into an agreement with MJet GMBH, an Airbus ACJ customer. 

While,
to date, we have been concentrating on Airbus customers in view of our existing agreement with Airbus, our current plan is to also begin
marketing to Boeing aircraft customers and Boeing Business Jets (BBJ) customers, and we intend to acquire the necessary certification
of our AERKOMM K++ system equipment for the different Boeing aircraft models, with a particular focus on the Boeing B737 aircraft family. 

We
plan to enter into business agreements with additional airline partners and corporate jet owners, which will allow our proprietary FGSA
antenna equipment to be installed together with our bandwidth services provided, on additional fleet aircraft. Under any such agreements,
we expect that the airlines will commit to have our equipment installed on some or all the aircraft they operate . We cannot guarantee
that we will be able to enter into any such additional agreements. 

Other
Agreements and Understandings with our Business Partners 

MJet
Definitive Agreement: On March 6, 2019, we signed a General Terms Agreement (GTA) with MJet GMBH, or MJet, a corporate jet owner
operating an Airbus ACJ A319 based in Vienna, Austria. On June 11, 2019, we converted this GTA into a definitive agreement with MJet,
and on June 12, 2019, MJet placed a first purchase order with Aerkomm. The purchase order provides for the provision, installation, testing
and certification of our AERKOMM K++ system equipment, including the Airbus Service Bulletin and associated material kit and related
connectivity services, on an MJet Airbus ACJ A319 aircraft under the supervision of Airbus. Assuming the installation, testing and certification
of our AERKOMM K++ system on the MJet A319 is successful, something we cannot guarantee at this time, MJet will pay us a one-time fee
for our equipment and a monthly fee for our connectivity services, and we will also begin charging MJet for the bandwidth required to
use the AERKOMM K++ system services. Assuming the success of this installation, MJet will become the first recurring payment customer
of our AERKOMM K++ system as well as being the launch customer of our Aerkomm K++ solution. 

Vietjet
Air: On October 25, 2021, we signed an agreement with Vietjet Air Vietjet to provide them with our Aerkomm AirCinema
In-Flight Entertainment and Connectivity IFEC solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, we will provide to Vietjet
our Aerkomm AirCinema Cube IFEC system for installation on Vietjet s fleet of Airbus A320, A321 and Airbus A330-300 aircraft. 

Our
AirCinema Cube system, will provide Vietjet with connectivity to passengers personal electronic devices with WiFi capability,
including laptops, mobile phones and tablets, using an intranet-based solution. The AirCinema Cube system will host music, documentaries
and movies provided by Google Play Movies and Television, as well as news feeds, both in the English and Vietnamese languages, provided
by global and local news suppliers. The AirCinema Cube will also be customized to Vietjet s branding, will host an in-flight moving
map, an in-flight sales platform and a cabin management system together with Vietjet s own in-flight services. 

Aerkomm is planning to install the AirCinema
Cubes on the first 23 Airbus A320/A321 aircraft and 3 Airbus A330 aircraft of Vietjet during the fourth quarter of 2023 subject to obtaining
local approval for the AirCinema Cubes from the Civil Aviation Authority of Vietnam (CAAV). This CAAV local approval will be based on
providing a minor modification Supplemental Type Certificate from AKKA Technologies (now Sabena Technics) of France. 

24 

Malta
MOU : On February 23, 2018, Aircom entered into a nonbinding memorandum of understanding which we refer to as the Air Malta MOU,
with Air Malta, a company organized under the laws of Malta, pursuant to which the parties intend to collaboratively market and provide
their products and servers to passengers of the Malta-based airline fleet. Under the terms of the Air Malta MOU, the parties intend to
develop, install and operate in-flight connectivity systems onboard the Malta-based airline fleet and provide related services to its
passengers. We cannot assure you, however, we will be able to enter into a definitive agreement with Air Malta, or that the Malta MOU
will lead to any Aerkomm product sales. 

Thai
Smile MOU : On October 19, 2021, Aerkomm entered into a nonbinding memorandum of understanding, which we refer to as the
Thai Smile MOU, with Thai Smile Airways Company Limited, a company organized under the laws of Thailand, pursuant to which the parties
intend to collaboratively market and provide their products and services to passengers to the Thai-based airline fleet. Under the terms
of the Thai Smile MOU, the parties intend to develop, install and operate in-flight connectivity systems onboard the Thai-based airline
fleet and provide related services to its passengers. We cannot assure you, however, we will be able to enter into a definitive agreement
with Thai Smile, or that the Thai Smile MOU will lead to any Aerkomm product sales. 

Network
Resilience by Satellite Is a Surging Global Trend 

The
ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has given rise to a trend with satellite communication becoming an essential means of comprehensive
emergency support worldwide. 

LEO,
 MEO, GEO, and HEO satellites provide supportive services, tailored to different application
 domains for critical emergency rescue operations, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance
 (ISR) missions, coastal and maritime monitoring, technological research, and addressing communication
 blind spots in civilian areas. 

Massive
 government budgets for satellite resilience have been allocated starting from last year. 

When
 compared to conventional parabolic antennas, flat panel antennas are becoming highly desired
 products due to the advantages of small form factor, high efficiency, high gain and are especially
 inconspicuous-from-the-sky. 

AERKOMM
Awarded -Government s GEO/MEO UAV Surveillance Projects 

With robust quality
 and innovative technology, we will be continuously awarded more aviation and maritime projects by
 a certain national government which we cannot name due to the confidential nature of the
 proposed project. 

Offer
 high-throughput antenna for real-time video data transmission. 

Unique
 small form factor FGSA technology offers miniature advantage for UAV satcom application. 

Implementation
 of AI technology for identification, tracking, and real-time calibration of high value objects 

25 

Automotive
Market 

With Satellite
IoT Market Applications have massive commercial potentials Aerkomm will first focus on the Automotive Mobility sector.
Aerkomm s small form FGSA antenna offers advantages in Automotive Applications. 

Automotive
IoT Market Shows Robust Growth: The global automotive IoT market size was valued at USD 82.7 billion in 2021 and
is projected to surpass USD 621.8 billion by 2030. The global automotive IoT market is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR)
of 25.13 during the forecast period 2022 to 2030. 

FGSA
 semiconductor antenna can greatly reduce the area by 90 for automotive SatCom application. 

Aerkomm
currently holds the chair position of the MIH Interest Group. MIH mission is to redefine what the Next Generation of Automotive Communication
will be and create a new standard within the automotive industry. 

26 

MIH (Mobility
in Harmony) Open EV Ecosystem Initiated by Foxconn Technology Group 

An Open Electric Vehicle Ecosystem Promotes Collaboration
In The Automotive Industry 

Satcom
Service Business 

Aerkomm s
Business Model: Offering Subsidized FGSA Antenna Replacement to Existing Broadcast TV Customers and Provide Additional High Value-Added
ISP Service 

Currently,
 greater than 80 of satellite service revenue is from TV Broadcasting, and existing global
 satellite TV viewers are around 475 million in 2023 

AERKOMM s
 LEO/MEO/GEO/HEO integrated hybrid antenna can utilize low-cost GEO signals for broadcasting
 and MEO/LEO signal for ISP service. 

By
 replacing the Broadcasting antenna with AERKOMM s multicast FGSA antenna, we can provide
 additional pre-loaded OTT and ISP services, and we expect to greatly increase the service
 revenue by ~5-8X 

By
 offering additional value-added service to the existing satellite broadcast TV customer base,
 we can greatly reduce customer acquisition cost. 

27 

AERKOMM
 is currently in discussion with several existing Broadcast TV operators to offer LEO/MEO/GEO/HEO
 hybrid FGSA to upgrade the service and build a profit-sharing business model. 

By utilizing
FGSA, Aerkomm Enables Revitalization of Broadcast TV Subscription Business 

FGSA
 can be tailored to achieve simultaneous multi-orbit (LEO/MEO/GEO) connectivity. 

FGSA
 can offer existing broadcast TV operators the opportunity to expand their service offerings
 to include Pre-loaded OTT and broadband services. 

Utilizing
 GEO for Pre-loaded OTT and MEO for broadband services are the most cost-efficient solutions
 for data transmission. 

With highly competitive FGSA technology and its new, in development
EdgeKomm Box product, Aerkomm expects to be able to cooperate with satellite TV operators/mobile telcos and CATV MSO operators, to provide: 

1. Internet
 Broadband Service: with satellite technology to under-serviced geographical areas globally 

2. Pre-loaded
 OTT Service: to offer the best viewing experience and off-load the CDN traffic for operators. 

3. Virtual
 Cloud Distributed Network: provide full-mesh solution with low-latency satellite connectivity. 

4. EdgeKomm
 Box: by implementation, we can harvest all the edge-computing power for additional revenue
 stream. 

AERKOMM
 intends to offer customers a subscription model with subsidized equipment in order to generate
 consistent revenue in the customers lifetime value. 

Aerkomm s
Business Roadmap 

28 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Investment
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider each of the following risks, together with all other
information set forth in this annual report, including the financial statements and the related notes, before making a decision to buy
our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our
common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Excluding
non-recurring revenues in the second quarter of 2019 and 2018 from affiliates, we have incurred operating losses in every quarter since
we launched our business and may continue to incur quarterly operating losses, which could negatively affect the value of our company. 

Excluding non-recurring revenues that we earned from affiliates and
one non-affiliate in 2021 and in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we have incurred operating losses since our inception in 2014, and
we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue in the future to generate operating income. We also expect our costs to increase materially
in future periods, which could negatively affect our future operating results. We expect to continue to expend substantial financial and
other resources on the continued launch and future expansion of our business. The amount and timing of these costs are subject to numerous
variables and such initiatives may require additional funding. In addition, we may incur significant costs in connection with our pursuit
of next generation air to ground technology or other new technologies such as FGSA. With respect to our expansion, such variables may
include costs related to sales and marketing activities and administrative support functions, equipment subsidies to airlines and additional
legal and regulatory expenses associated with operating in the international commercial aviation market. In addition, we expect to incur
additional general and administrative expenses, including legal and accounting expenses, related to being a public company. These investments
may not result in revenue or growth in our business. If we fail to grow our overall business and generate revenue, our financial condition
and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Our
 company is in the development stage and has a limited operating history, which may make it
 difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future performance. 

Our company and our core business are in the development stage and
we continue to face all of the risks and uncertainties associated with a new and unproven business. We plan to launch our Aerkomm AirCinema
cube services in the in the last quarter of 2023, initially in Hong Kong with our Hong Kong Airlines customer followed by our Aerkomm
K++ System in the last quarter of 2024 in Austria, Europe with our launch customer MJet and in Hong Kong with Hong Kong Airlines. The
limited operating history of our business may make it difficult to accurately evaluate the business and predict its future performance.
Any assessments of our current business and predictions that we or you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate
as they could be if we had a longer operating history. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently
experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, and the size and nature of our market opportunity will change as we scale
our business and increase deployment of our service. If we do not address any of the foregoing risks successfully, our business will be
harmed. 

We
expect to rely on a few key customers for all of our initial revenue. 

Our
initial business will be substantially dependent on our relationship with a few key airline customers. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to maintain our relationship with these airlines. If we are unable to maintain and renew our relationship with these
airlines, or if our arrangement is modified so that the economic terms become less favorable to us, then our business would be materially
adversely affected. 

29 

An
extended delay in the transfer of title to us of the Taiwan land parcel that we recently purchased could delay the building of our first
satellite ground station and have a negative impact on our business prospects. 

In July 2019, we completed payment of the NT 1,098,549,407,
or US 35,861,589, purchase price for our acquisition of approximately 6.3 acres of undeveloped land (which we refer to as the Taiwan
land parcel) located at the Taishui Grottoes in the Xinyi District of Keelung City, Taiwan. Our agent has received all of the necessary
title transfer documentation from the seller however, according to the land use law of Taiwan, we need to first, obtain a telecommunications
license in Taiwan, then second, submit a usage plan to the local land office and to obtain the necessary development license or authorization
for the intended usage before we can obtain an official certificate of title. Aerkomm Taiwan is currently preparing the plan of usage
and is working with various regulatory authorities to obtain the necessary license and approval to meet the local land use law requirements.
We do not know at this time how long it will take to complete this process and receive the certificate of title to the parcel. Although
we currently expect to complete the entire process and receive or certificate of title by sometime in the fourth quarter of 2023, we
cannot provide any assurance of this timing. Once title to the Taiwan land parcel is transferred to us, we expect to lease a portion
of the land parcel, pursuant to the terms of an existing binding memorandum of understanding, to a Samoa based telecom company who will
use the land for their own satellite ground station and to mortgage the land to be able to raise funds to build our first satellite ground
station and data center. If there is an extended delay in the transfer of the Taiwan land parcel title to us, our agreement with the
Samoa telecom company may be terminated and we may not be able to raise the funds needed to build our ground station in a timely fashion.
Either or both of these eventualities could have a negative impact on our business plans, prospects and future results of operations. 

From time to time, we enter into memorandums
of understanding (MOUs) with various third parties. If the transactions contemplated by these MOUs do not proceed, our results of operations
and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

From time to time, we enter into MOUs with potential prospective collaborative
partners or potential customers. These MOUs typically are nonbinding and as a result, they only express the desires and understandings
between the parties and do not create any legally binding rights, obligations or contracts except for certain customary provisions such
as exclusivity, costs and expenses, confidentiality and governing law. For more information related to these MOUs, please refer to the
section Our Contracts with Airline Partners . Any binding obligation to proceed with the transactions contemplated
by the MOUs would need to be included in a definitive agreement that is subject to negotiations of the parties, approvals by the board
of directors of respective parties and in certain instances, approvals from regulatory authorities. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to reach definitive agreements with any parties who may sign MOUs with us. If for whatever reason the transactions contemplated
by signed MOUs do not proceed, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

We
may not be able to grow our business with our current airline partners or successfully negotiate agreements with airlines and other partners
or grow our additional businesses. 

Currently,
our only airline partners are MJet GmbH, an Austrian-based private jet operator, MJet, Hong Kong Airlines Limited, a Hong Kong-based
airline, or Hong Kong Airlines, and Vietjet Aviation Joint Stock Company, a Vietnam-based airline, or Vietjet, although we have not yet
begun to provide our IFC products and services to these companies under our agreement with them. We are currently in advanced negotiations
or discussions with certain other airline partners to provide our IFC services on additional aircraft in their fleets. We have no assurance
that these efforts will be successful. Negotiations with prospective airline partners require substantial time, effort and resources.
The time required to reach a final agreement with an airline is unpredictable and may lead to variances in our operating results from
quarter to quarter. We may ultimately fail in our negotiations and any such failure could harm our results of operations due to, among
other things, a diversion of our focus and resources, actual costs and opportunity costs of pursuing these opportunities. In addition,
the terms of any future agreements could be materially different than the terms included in our existing agreement with Hong Kong Airlines.
To the extent that any negotiations with current or future potential airline partners are unsuccessful, or any new agreements contain
terms that are less favorable to us, our growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

We may not be able to successfully negotiate
agreements with partners for our backhaul solutions or grow this additional business. 

The
varying awareness and sense of urgency regarding network resilience in different countries will directly impact the growth of our
mobile backhaul business. Network resilience is the ability of a network to withstand and recover from unexpected disruptions,
ensuring uninterrupted service and minimizing downtime. However, the importance placed on network resilience can differ across
countries due to varying factors such as geographical location, infrastructure stability, and previous experiences with network
failures. 

In
countries where there is a high level of awareness and a sense of urgency regarding network resilience, there is a greater demand for
robust mobile backhaul solutions. Customers in these regions prioritize the reliability and resilience of their networks, driving the
adoption of mobile backhaul technologies that offer built-in redundancy, failover mechanisms, and efficient disaster recovery capabilities. 

Conversely,
in regions where network resilience is not a primary concern or where there is limited awareness, the demand for advanced satellite mobile
backhaul solutions may be relatively lower. 

We
may not be able to successfully negotiate agreements with partners for our EdgeKomm solutions or grow this additional business. 

We are in negotiations with potential partners for our EdgeKomm Box
CDN network. While we are actively seeking new partnerships, there is no guarantee that our business will grow or that we will secure
agreements with potential partners. Negotiating agreements with potential partners requires time and resources, and there are uncertainties
and risks involved. Factors such as technical compatibility, pricing, and market dynamics can impact the success of these negotiations.
If we are unable to secure new partnerships or if the terms of new agreements are less favorable, our growth prospects and financial performance
may be adversely affected. We are committed to initiating and growing our EdgeKomm box CDN business, but there are no guarantees of success,
and investors should consider the risks associated with our partnership strategies. 

30 

We
are dependent on airline partners to be able to access our customers. We expect that future payments by these customers for our services
to be provided to them will account for most, if not all, of our initial revenues. 

Under
our existing contract with MJet, Hong Kong Airlines and Vietjet, we will provide our equipment for installation on, and provide our services
to passengers on, a portion of the aircraft operated by these airlines. We expect to enter into similar contracts with other airlines
in the future but there is no assurance that we will be successful in signing up additional airline partners. We expect that revenue
from the successful installation of our Aerkomm AirCinema cube on Hong Kong Airlines and Vietjet in the fourth quarter of 2023, as well
as the successful installation of our AerkommK++ System on MJet and Hong Kong Airlines in the fourth quarter of 2024, together with the
monthly bandwidth charge, will account for the majority of our projected initial revenue once we begin our services. As of the
date of this report, we do not yet have any revenue from equipment sales and installation. Our growth will be dependent on our ability
to have our equipment installed on the aircraft of airline partners and increased use of our service on installed aircraft. Any delays
in installations under these contracts may negatively affect our ability to grow our user base and revenue. 

We will be dependent on backhaul partners
to be able to access our future customers. We expect that future payments by these customers for our services to be provided to them
will account for a percentage of our revenues. 

As of the date of this report, we do not yet have
any revenue from equipment sales and installation of our mobile backhaul business. Our growth will be dependent on our ability to have
our equipment installed on 4G/5G mobile base stations. Any delays in installations negatively may affect our ability to grow our user
base and revenue. 

We will be dependent on EdgeKomm partners
to be able to access our future customers. We expect that future payments by these customers for our services to be provided to them will
account for a number of our revenues. 

We will rely on partnerships with businesses and
service providers to deploy our EdgeKomm box CDN network and access our target customers. While we expect to secure agreements with EdgeKomm
partners in the future, there is no guarantee of success. Our revenue projections heavily rely on the successful installation of our equipment
and the use of our services by customers on partner networks. Delays or difficulties in equipment installations or the adoption of our
services could impact our ability to grow our user base and generate revenue. We are committed to developing our EdgeKomm box CDN business,
but there are inherent risks and uncertainties associated with our partnership strategies that investors should consider. 

A failure to maintain airline customers
satisfaction with our equipment or our service could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations. 

Our
relationships with our current and future potential airline partners are critical to the growth and ongoing success of our business.
If airline partners are not satisfied with our equipment or our service for any reason, including passenger dissatisfaction with the
service as a result of capacity constraints, they may reduce efforts to co-market our service to their passengers, which could result
in lower passenger usage and reduced revenue, which could in turn give airline partners the right to terminate their contracts with us.
In addition, airline dissatisfaction with us for any reason, including delays in obtaining certification for or installing our equipment,
could negatively affect our ability to expand our service to additional airline partners or aircraft or lead to claims for damages, which
may be material, or termination rights under our existing or potential contracts with airline partners. 

A failure to maintain backhaul customers
satisfaction with our equipment or our service could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations. 

If
our mobile backhaul solution fails to effectively ensure network resilience, customers may turn to competitors offerings. This would
have a direct impact on our revenue and operations. 

Network resilience is a critical requirement for customers seeking
mobile backhaul solutions. Backhaul customers will rely on our services to maintain a robust and reliable network infrastructure that
will be able to withstand disruptions and ensure uninterrupted connectivity. If our solution does not meet their expectations in terms
of network resilience, customers may perceive it as a risk to their operations and seek alternative options. 

A failure to maintain future EdgeKomm box
customers satisfaction with our equipment or our service could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations.

Our success in the EdgeKomm box CDN business will be highly dependent
on establishing and maintaining customer satisfaction with our equipment and service. Any failure to meet customer expectations, including
capacity constraints or delays in equipment installation, may result in reduced co-marketing efforts by our partners and lower usage of
our services, leading to potential contract terminations or claims for damages. Ensuring strong relationships with our partners and delivering
a high-quality experience to customers is crucial for the growth and continuity of our business. 

We
may experience network capacity constraints in our future operation regions and we expect capacity demands to increase, and we may in
the future experience capacity constraints internationally. If we are unable to successfully implement planned or future technology enhancements
to increase our network capacity, or our airline partners do not agree to such enhancements, our ability to acquire and maintain sufficient
network capacity and our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

All
providers of wireless connectivity services, including all providers of in-flight connectivity services, face certain limits on their
ability to provide connectivity service, including escalating capacity constraints due to expanding consumption of wireless services
and the increasing prevalence of higher bandwidth uses such as file downloads and streaming media content. The success of our business
depends on our ability to provide adequate bandwidth to meet customer demands while in-flight. We may find it difficult to provide this
adequate bandwidth. 

31 

As the number of base stations increases with
the implementation of 4G/5G mobile backhaul, it indicates a growing user base. However, when the network capacity reaches its initial
design threshold, if we fail to timely develop new technologies to increase capacity and meet customer demands, such a failure will negatively
impact our business. 

If we are unable to develop and introduce new
technologies that can expand our network s capacity, customers may experience congestion, slow data speeds, and poor service quality.
This can lead to customer dissatisfaction, churn, and a negative impact on our business. 

We face the risk of network capacity constraints in our future EdgeKomm
box CDN business as the demand for high-speed content delivery continues to grow. If we are unable to effectively scale our network infrastructure
to meet increasing capacity demands, this failure may result in degraded performance, slower content delivery, and potential customer
dissatisfaction. To mitigate this risk, we need to continuously invest in expanding our network capacity and implementing advanced technologies
to ensure optimal performance and scalability. Failure to do so may adversely impact our competitiveness and market position. 

Competition
 from a number of companies, as well as other market forces, could result in price reduction,
 reduced revenue and loss of market share and could harm our results of operations. 

We face strong competition from satellite-based
providers of broadband services that include in-flight internet and live television services. Competition from such providers has in the
past and could have in the future, an adverse effect on our ability to maintain or gain market share. 

Most of our competitors are larger, more diversified corporations that
have greater financial, marketing, production, and research and development resources. As a result, they may be better able to withstand
the effects of periodic economic downturns or may offer a broader product line to customers. In addition, to the extent that competing
in-flight connectivity services offered by commercial airlines that are not our airline partners are available on more aircraft or offer
improved quality or reliability as compared to our service, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Competition
could increase our sales and marketing expenses and related customer acquisition costs. We may not have the financial resources, technical
expertise or marketing and support capabilities to continue to compete successfully. A failure to effectively respond to established and
new competitors could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

Competition
from various companies in the content delivery and edge computing industry, as well as market dynamics, may lead to price pressures,
reduced revenue, and potential loss of market share, which could adversely affect our business operations. 

We operate in a highly competitive landscape where other providers
of content delivery solutions and edge computing services offer products and services similar to those we intend to introduce. These competitors
may have greater financial resources, established customer bases, and extensive marketing and research and development capabilities. Increased
competition could result in price reductions, which may impact our profitability and revenue generation. Additionally, if competing solutions
offer enhanced features, performance, or reliability compared to our planned EdgeKomm box CDN service, this could negatively impact our
market position and customer adoption. 

To
maintain a competitive edge, we must continuously invest in innovation, technology advancements, and marketing efforts to differentiate
ourselves from competitors. Failure to effectively address competitive pressures, anticipate market trends, and adapt to evolving customer
needs may limit our growth potential and financial performance. 

We
may be unsuccessful in generating revenue from entertainment services. 

We are currently developing a host of IFEC service offerings to deliver
to our future customers. We plan to offer a number of services to our customers and no assurance can be given that we will ultimately
be able to launch any service. Additionally, we plan to generate a revenue stream from our video on demand and other in-flight entertainment
services. If we are unable to generate revenue from our services or if other entertainment services do not ultimately develop, our growth
and financial prospects would be materially adversely impacted. 

The
future growth prospects for our business depend, in part, on revenue from sale of equipment and bandwidth, advertising fees and e-commerce
revenue share arrangements on passenger purchases of goods and services, including video and media services. Our ability to generate
revenue from these service offerings depends on: 

growth of commercial airline
 customer base; 

the attractiveness of our
 customer base to media partners; 

rolling out media on demand on more aircraft
 and with additional airline customers and increasing passenger adoption both in the U.S. and abroad; 

establishing and maintaining
 beneficial contractual relationships with media partners whose content, products and services are attractive to airline passengers;
 and 

our ability to customize
 and improve our service offerings in response to trends and customer interests. 

If
we are unsuccessful in generating revenue from our service offerings, that failure could have a material adverse effect on our growth
prospects. 

32 

We
may be unsuccessful in expanding our operations internationally. 

Our
business will initially be international business. Our ability to grow our international business involves various risks, including the
need to invest significant resources in unfamiliar markets and the possibility that we may not realize a return on our investments in
the near future or at all. In addition, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses before we generate any
material revenue in these new markets. Under our agreements with providers of satellite capacity, we are obligated to purchase bandwidth
for specified periods in advance. If we are unable to generate sufficient passenger demand or airline partners to which we provide satellite
service to their aircraft terminate their agreements with us for any reason during these periods, we may be forced to incur satellite
costs in excess of connectivity revenue generated through such satellites. 

Any
future international operations may fail to succeed due to risks inherent in foreign operations, including: 

legal and regulatory restrictions,
 including different communications, privacy, censorship, aerospace and liability standards, intellectual property laws and enforcement
 practices; 

changes in international
 regulatory requirements and tariffs; 

restrictions on the ability
 of U.S. companies to do business in foreign countries, including restrictions on foreign ownership of telecommunications providers
 imposed by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, which we refer to as OFAC; 

inability to find content
 or service providers to partner with on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; 

compliance with the Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act, the (U.K.) Bribery Act 2010 and other similar corruption laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which
 we operate and related risks; 

difficulties in staffing
 and managing foreign operations; 

currency fluctuations;
 and 

potential adverse tax consequences. 

As
a result of these obstacles, we may find it difficult or prohibitively expensive to grow our business internationally or we may be unsuccessful
in our attempt to do so, which could harm our future operating results and financial condition. 

We may not be successful in our efforts to develop and monetize new
products and services that are currently in development, including our operations oriented IFEC communications services, our new EdgeKomm
Box product and our new FGSA antenna. 

In
order to continue to meet the evolving needs of our future customers and partners, we must continue to develop new products and services
that are responsive to those needs. Our ability to realize the benefits of enabling our products, and to use these applications, including
monetizing our services at a profitable price point, depends, in part, on the adoption and utilization of such applications by different
customers including airlines, other aircraft operators and other companies in the aviation industry such as aircraft equipment suppliers,
and we cannot be certain that airlines, other aircraft operators and others in the aviation industry will adopt such offerings in the
near term or at all. We also expect to continue to rely on third parties to develop and offer the operational applications to be used
to gather and process data transmitted on our network between the aircraft and the ground, and we cannot be certain that such applications
will be compatible with our network or onboard equipment or otherwise meet the needs of airlines or other aircraft operators. If we are
not successful in our efforts to develop and monetize new products and services, including our operations-oriented communications services,
our future business prospects, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 

We may face challenges in the development and monetization of new products
and services, specifically related to our EdgeKomm box CDN for general customers and our in development FGSA antenna. 

In
order to meet the ever-changing needs of our target customers, we must continuously innovate and introduce new offerings that cater to
their requirements. However, the successful adoption and utilization of these products depend on the interest and acceptance of our target
customers. There is no guarantee that they will embrace our offerings in the near future or at all. 

Additionally,
as we strive to provide comprehensive and efficient content delivery solutions, we may need to collaborate with third-party developers
to enhance our operational applications and ensure compatibility with our network and customer devices. However, uncertainties exist
regarding the seamless integration and effectiveness of these applications in meeting the unique needs of our customers. 

Should we encounter obstacles in effectively developing and monetizing
new products and services, specifically pertaining to our EdgeKomm box CDN for general customers and our new FGSA antenna, it could significantly
impact our business prospects, financial performance, and overall success in the market. 

33 

A
future act or threat of terrorism or other events could result in a prohibition on the use of Wi-Fi enabled connectivity devices. 

A
future act of terrorism, the threat of such acts or other airline incidents could have an adverse effect on the airline industry. In
the event of a terrorist attack, terrorist threats or unrelated airline accidents, the industry would likely experience significantly
reduced passenger demand. The U.S. federal government or any other government could respond to such events by prohibiting the use of
Wi-Fi enabled devices on aircraft, which would eliminate demand for our equipment and service. In addition, any association or perceived
association between our equipment or service and incidents involving aircraft on which our equipment or service operates would likely
have an adverse effect on demand for our equipment and service. Reduced demand for our products and services would adversely affect our
business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
demand for in-flight broadband internet access service may decrease or develop more slowly than we expect. We cannot predict with certainty
the development of the U.S. or international in-flight broadband internet access market or the market acceptance for our products and
services. 

Our future success depends upon growing demand for in-flight broadband
internet access services, which is inherently uncertain. We have invested significant resources towards the roll-out of new IFEC service
offerings, which represent a substantial part of our growth strategy. We face the risk that the U.S. and international markets for in-flight
broadband internet access services may decrease or develop more slowly or differently than we currently expect, or that our services,
including our new offerings, may not achieve widespread market acceptance. We may be unable to market and sell our services successfully
and cost-effectively to a sufficiently large number of customers. 

Our
business depends on the continued proliferation of Wi-Fi as a standard feature in mobile devices. The growth in demand for in-flight
broadband internet access services also depends in part on the continued and increased use of laptops, smartphones, tablet computers,
and other Wi-Fi enabled devices and the rate of evolution of data-intensive applications on the mobile internet. If Wi-Fi ceases to be
a standard feature in mobile devices, if the rate of integration of Wi-Fi on mobile devices decreases or is slower than expected, or
if the use of Wi-Fi enabled devices or development of related applications decreases or grows more slowly than anticipated, the market
for our services may be substantially diminished. 

Increased
costs and other demands associated with our growth could impact our ability to achieve profitability over the long term and could strain
our personnel, technology and infrastructure resources. 

We
expect our costs to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future operating results. We expect to experience growth
in our headcount and operations, which will place significant demands on our management, administrative, technological, operational and
financial infrastructure. Anticipated future growth will require the outlay of significant operating and capital expenditures and will
continue to place strains on our personnel, technology and infrastructure. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to contain
costs with respect to growth opportunities. To successfully manage the expected growth of our operations, on a timely and cost-effective
basis we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial, technological and management controls and our reporting systems
and procedures. In addition, as we continue to grow, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees,
and we must maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. If we fail to successfully manage our growth, it could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Regulation
by United States and foreign government agencies, including the Federal Aviation Administration and the Federal Communications Commission,
may increase our costs of providing service or require us to change our services. 

The
commercial and private aviation industries, including civil aviation manufacturing and repair industries, are highly regulated in the
United States by the FAA, in Europe by EASA as well as other compatible civil aviation authorities. FAA and/or EASA certification is
required for all equipment we install on commercial aircraft and type certificated business aircraft, and certain of our operating activities
require that we obtain FAA/EASA certification as a parts manufacturer. As discussed in more detail in the section entitled Business Regulation Federal
Aviation Administration, FAA and/or EASA approvals required to operate our business include Supplemental Type Certificates, or
STCs and Parts Manufacturing Authorities, or PMAs and Service Bulletins, or SBs. Obtaining SBs, STCs and PMAs is an expensive and time-consuming
process that requires significant focus and resources. Any inability to obtain, delay in obtaining, or change in, needed FAA/EASA certifications,
authorizations, or approvals, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our installation commitments, manufacture and sell
parts for installation on aircraft, or expand our business and could, therefore, materially adversely affect our growth prospects, business
and operating results. The FAA/EASA closely regulates many of our operations. If we fail to comply with the FAA s and/or EASA s
many regulations and standards that apply to our activities, we could lose the FAA/EASA certifications, authorizations, or other approvals
on which our manufacturing, installation, maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration capabilities are based. In addition, from
time to time, the FAA/EASA or comparable foreign authorities adopt new regulations or amend existing regulations. The FAA/EASA could
also change its policies regarding the delegation of inspection and certification responsibilities to private companies, which could
adversely affect our business. To the extent that any such new regulations or amendments to existing regulations or policies apply to
our activities, those new regulations or amendments to existing regulations generally increase our costs of compliance. 

34 

As
a broadband Internet provider, we must comply with the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act of 1994, or CALEA, which requires
communications carriers to ensure that their equipment, facilities and services can accommodate certain technical capabilities in executing
authorized wiretapping and other electronic surveillance. Currently, our CALEA solution is being deployed in our network. However, we
could be subject to an enforcement action by the FCC or law enforcement agencies for any delays related to meeting, or if we fail to
comply with, any current or future CALEA, or similarly mandated law enforcement related, obligations. Such enforcement actions could
subject us to fines, cease and desist orders, or other penalties, all of which could adversely affect our business. Further, to the extent
the FCC adopts additional capability requirements applicable to broadband Internet providers, its decision may increase the costs we
incur to comply with such regulations. 

In
addition to these U.S. agencies, we are also subject to regulation by foreign government agencies that choose to assert jurisdiction
over us as a result of the service we provide on aircraft that fly international routes. Adverse decisions or regulations of these U.S.
and foreign regulatory bodies could negatively impact our operations and costs of doing business and could delay the roll-out of our
services and have other adverse consequences for us. Our ability to obtain certain regulatory approvals to offer our services internationally
may also be the responsibility of a third party, and, therefore, may be out of our control. We are unable to predict the scope, pace
or financial impact of regulations and other policy changes that could be adopted by the various governmental entities that oversee portions
of our business. 

The
certification time for 4G/5G mobile backhaul by regulatory authorities varies among different countries. Each country has its own standards
and procedures for assessing and certifying the compliance and safety of satellite communication products. Therefore, the time required
for products to obtain certification may vary depending on the country. Some countries may have faster certification processes that can
be completed in a shorter period of time. In other countries, the certification process may be relatively longer, requiring more time
for review and testing. Therefore, when selling satellite communication systems for 4G/5G mobile backhaul in the global market, it is
necessary to consider the differences in certification time among different countries which may increase our costs of providing service.
We are unable to predict the scope, pace or financial impact of regulations and other policy changes that could be adopted by the various
governmental entities that oversee portions of our business. 

We
are subject to various regulations, including those regulations promulgated by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies and
legislative bodies and comparable agencies outside the United States where we may do business. The two U.S. government agencies that
have primary regulatory authority over our operations are the Federal Aviation Administration, or FAA, and the Federal Communications
Commission, or FCC, the European Administration and Safety Agency, or EASA and other compatible civil aviation authorities. 

Regulation by government agencies, such as the
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and other relevant regulatory bodies, may impact our satellite internet service and our EdgeKomm
Box CDN business for households, resulting in increased costs and the need to modify our services. 

As a future provider of satellite internet service
and EdgeKomm Box CDN solutions for households, we will be subject to various regulations imposed by government agencies at the federal,
state, and local levels. The FCC will play a significant role in regulating our future broadband internet services and ensuring compliance
with applicable rules and requirements. 

Compliance
with FCC regulations, including licensing, spectrum usage, and service quality standards, is crucial to our operations. Failure to comply
with FCC rules and guidelines may lead to penalties, fines, or restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to provide reliable
and high-speed internet connectivity to households. 

Furthermore, other regulatory bodies may have jurisdiction over aspects
of our planned satellite internet Sservice and our EdgeKomm Box CDN business, such as data privacy and consumer protection. Compliance
with these regulations, including privacy laws and fair business practices, is essential to maintaining customer trust and avoiding legal
and reputational risks. 

We
face the risk of potential cybersecurity breaches and data privacy concerns that could harm our reputation, disrupt our services, and
result in legal and financial liabilities. 

35 

As a future provider of EdgeKomm Box CDN services for households, we
will handle a significant amount of data, including user information, content delivery, and advertising data. The increasing prevalence
of cyber threats and data breaches poses a substantial risk to our business operations and customer trust. 

Despite
implementing robust security measures, such as encryption protocols and firewalls, there is no guarantee that our systems will be immune
to unauthorized access or malicious attacks. Cybercriminals could exploit vulnerabilities in our network infrastructure, software, or
third-party services, leading to unauthorized access, data breaches, service disruptions, or theft of sensitive information. 

A
cybersecurity breach or unauthorized disclosure of customer data could result in significant reputational damage, loss of customer trust,
and legal and financial liabilities. We may be subject to legal and regulatory obligations to notify affected individuals and authorities,
provide remedies, and face potential lawsuits and fines. The costs associated with investigating and mitigating the effects of a breach,
as well as potential legal settlements and regulatory penalties, could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial position. 

Furthermore,
data privacy concerns and evolving privacy regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in the European Union,
require us to implement stringent data protection measures and obtain appropriate consents from users. Failure to comply with these regulations,
or any changes in privacy laws or regulations, could result in legal consequences, reputational harm, and disruptions to our operations. 

To
address these risks, we continuously invest in cybersecurity technologies, conduct regular security assessments, and train our employees
on best practices. However, the evolving nature of cyber threats and the sophistication of attackers require ongoing vigilance and investment
in cybersecurity measures. 

It
is essential for us to maintain the trust of our customers by safeguarding their data and addressing potential cybersecurity threats
effectively. Failure to adequately protect against cyber threats and address data privacy concerns could adversely affect our reputation,
customer relationships, and financial performance. 

If
government regulation of the Internet, we may need to change the way we conduct our business to a manner that incurs greater operating
expenses, which could harm our results of operations. 

The current legal environment for Internet communications,
products and services is uncertain and subject to statutory, regulatory or interpretive change. We cannot be certain that we, our vendors
or our customers are currently in compliance with applicable regulatory or other legal requirements in the countries in which our service
is used. Our failure, or the failure of our vendors, customers and others with whom we transact business to comply with existing or future
legal or regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Regulators
may disagree with our interpretations of existing laws or regulations or the applicability of existing laws or regulations to our business,
and existing laws, regulations and interpretations may change in unexpected ways. 

For
example, our mobile wireless broadband Internet access services were previously classified as information services, and not as telecommunications
services. Therefore, these services were not subject to FCC common carrier regulation. However, effective June 12, 2015, the FCC reclassified
mobile (and fixed) broadband Internet access services as Title II telecommunications services pursuant to the Open Internet Order. The
Open Internet Order also adopted broad new net neutrality rules. For example, broadband providers may not block access to lawful content,
applications, services, or non-harmful devices. Broadband providers also may not impair or degrade lawful Internet traffic on the basis
of content, applications, services, or non-harmful devices. In addition, broadband providers may not favor some lawful Internet traffic
over other lawful traffic in exchange for consideration of any kind, and they may not prioritize the content and services of their affiliates.
Other than for paid prioritization, the rules contain an exception for reasonable network management. The Open Internet
Order recognizes that whether a network management practice is reasonable varies according to the broadband technology involved and may
provide more flexibility to implement network management practices in the context of our capacity-constrained air-to-ground and satellite
broadband networks. 

Other
jurisdictions may adopt similar or different regulations that could affect our ability to use network management techniques.
Likewise, the United States and the European Union, among other jurisdictions, are considering proposals regarding data protection that,
if adopted, could impose heightened restrictions on certain of our activities relating to the collection and use of data of end users.
Further, as we promote exclusive content and services and increase targeted advertising with our media partners to customers of our services,
we may attract increased regulatory scrutiny. 

We
cannot be certain what positions regulators may take regarding our compliance with, or lack of compliance with, current and future legal
and regulatory requirements or what positions regulators may take regarding any past or future actions we have taken or may take in any
jurisdiction. Regulators may determine that we are not in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and impose penalties, or
we may need to make changes to our services, which could be costly and difficult. Any of these events would adversely affect our operating
results and business. 

36 

Our
possession and use of personal information and the use of credit cards by our customers present risks and expenses that could harm our
business. Unauthorized disclosure or manipulation of such data, whether through breach of our network security or otherwise, could expose
us to costly litigation and damage our reputation. 

Maintaining
our network security is of critical importance because our online systems will store confidential registered user, employee and other
sensitive data, such as names, email addresses, addresses and other personal information. We will depend on the security of our networks
and the security of the network infrastructures of our third-party telecommunications service providers, our customer support providers
and our other vendors. Unauthorized use of our, or our third-party service providers , networks, computer systems and services
could potentially jeopardize the security of confidential information, including credit card information, of our future customers. There
can be no assurance that any security measures we, or third parties, take will be effective in preventing these activities. As a result
of any such breaches, customers may assert claims of liability against us as a result of any failure by us to prevent these activities.
Further, our in-cabin network operates as an open, unsecured Wi-Fi hotspot, and non-encrypted transmissions users send over this network
may be vulnerable to access by users on the same plane. These activities may subject us to legal claims, adversely impact our reputation,
and interfere with our ability to provide our services, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure
to protect confidential customer data or to provide customers with adequate notice of our privacy policies could also subject us to liabilities
imposed by United States federal and state regulatory agencies or courts. For example, the FCC s Consumer Proprietary Network Information,
or CPNI rules, applicable to our satellite-based offerings, require us to comply with a range of marketing and privacy safeguards. The
Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, could assert jurisdiction to impose penalties related our service if it found our privacy policies
or security measures to be inadequate under existing federal law. We could also be subject to certain state laws that impose data breach
notification requirements, specific data security obligations, or other consumer privacy-related requirements. Our failure to comply
with any of these rules or regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Other
countries in which we may operate or from which our services may be offered, including those in the European Union, also have certain
privacy and data security requirements that may apply to our business, either now or in the future. These countries laws may in
some cases be more stringent than the requirements in the United States. For example, European Union member countries have specific requirements
relating to cross border transfers of personal information to certain jurisdictions, including to the United States. In addition, some
countries have stricter consumer notice and/or consent requirements relating to personal information collection, use or sharing. Moreover,
international privacy and data security regulations may become more complex. For example, the European Union is considering a draft proposed
data protection regulation which, if enacted, may result in even more restrictive privacy-related requirements. Our failure to comply
with other countries privacy or data security-related laws, rules or regulations could also have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, our customers will use credit cards to purchase our products and services. Problems with our or our vendors billing software
could adversely affect our customer satisfaction and could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued
use of their payment services. In addition, if our billing software fails to work properly and, as a result, we do not automatically
charge our subscribers credit cards on a timely basis or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be adversely affected. 

We
depend upon third parties to manufacture equipment components and to provide services for our network. 

We rely on third-party suppliers for equipment
components that we use to provide our planned services. The supply of third-party components could be interrupted or halted by a termination
of our relationships, a failure to make timely contracted payments to such suppliers, a failure of quality control or other operational
problems at such suppliers or a significant decline in their financial condition. If we are not able to continue to engage suppliers with
the capabilities or capacities required by our business, or if such suppliers fail to deliver quality products, parts, equipment and services
on a timely basis consistent with our schedule, our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

Our Investment in Ejectt Inc. (formerly Yuanjiu Inc.) could result
in losses to us. 

On December 3, 2020, we made a prepayment to three
individuals to purchase from them an aggregate of 6,000,000 restricted shares of Ejectt Inc. for approximately 5 million, for business
purposes in Taiwan relating to the AirCinema Cube. Ejectt Inc. is a listed company on the Taiwan Stock Exchange and a local business partner
of ours. Although we are purchasing these shares as a long-term investment, the shares are currently restricted. If we determine that
we need to sell these shares to raise funds for other business purposes, there may not be an immediate buyer and we may have to sell the
shares at a loss. This could have a negative effect on our income statement and our ability to raise funds when needed. 

We
may fail to recruit, train and retain the highly skilled employees that are necessary to remain competitive and execute our growth strategy.
The loss of one or more of our key personnel could harm our business. 

Competition
for key technical personnel in high-technology industries such as ours is intense. We believe that our future success depends in large
part on our continued ability to hire, train, retain and leverage the skills of qualified engineers and other highly skilled personnel
needed to maintain and grow our business and technology. We may not be as successful as our competitors at recruiting, training, retaining
and utilizing these highly skilled personnel. In particular, we may have more difficulty attracting or retaining highly skilled personnel
during periods of poor operating performance. Any failure to recruit, train and retain highly skilled employees could negatively impact
our business and results of operations. 

37 

We
depend on the continued service and performance of our key personnel, including Louis Giordimaina, our Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey
Wun, our President and Chief Technology Officer, and Georges Caldironi, our Chief Operating Officer. Such individuals have acquired specialized
knowledge and skills with respect to our operations. As a result, if any of these individuals were to leave us, we could face substantial
difficulty in hiring qualified successors and could experience a loss of productivity while any such successor obtains the necessary
training and expertise. We do not maintain key man insurance on any of our officers or key employees. The loss of key personnel, including
key members of our management team, as well as certain of our key marketing or technology personnel, could disrupt our operations and
have an adverse effect on our ability to grow our business. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to develop or maintain an effective
system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud. As a result, current and
potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial statements, which would harm the trading price of our common stock. 

Companies
that file reports with the SEC, including us, are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX
404. SOX 404 requires management to establish and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting and annual reports on
Form 10-K filed under the Exchange Act to contain a report from management assessing the effectiveness of a company s internal
control over financial reporting. Separately, under SOX 404, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act of 2010, public companies that are large accelerated filers or accelerated filers must include in their annual reports on Form 10-K
an attestation report of their regular auditors attesting to and reporting on management s assessment of internal control over
financial reporting. Non-accelerated filers and smaller reporting companies, like us, are not required to include an attestation report
of their auditors in annual reports. 

A
report of our management is included under the section titled Controls and Procedures. We are a smaller reporting company
and, consequently, are not required to include an attestation report of our auditor in our annual transition report. However, if and
when we become subject to the auditor attestation requirements under SOX 404, we can provide no assurance that we will receive a positive
attestation from our independent auditors. 

During
its evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management identified
a material weakness. The material weakness was associated with our lack of sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate
level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
commensurate with our financial reporting requirements and our need to rely heavily on the use of external legal and accounting professionals
to mitigate these deficiencies. We are undertaking remedial measures, which measures will take time to implement and test, to address
this material weakness. There can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to remedy the material weakness identified or
that additional material weaknesses or other control or significant deficiencies will not be identified in the future. If we continue
to experience material weaknesses in our internal controls or fail to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, such circumstances
could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, or
adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and, if required, annual auditor attestation reports. Each of the foregoing
results could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and lead to a decline in our stock price. 

Expenses
or liabilities resulting from litigation could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

From
time to time, we may be subject to claims or litigation in the ordinary course of our business, including for example, claims related
to employment matters and class action lawsuits. Our operations are characterized by the use of new technologies and services across
multiple jurisdictions that implicate a number of statutory schemes and a range of rules and regulations that may be subject to broad
or creative interpretation, which may subject to us to litigation, including class action lawsuits, the outcome of which may be difficult
to assess or quantify due to the potential ambiguity inherent in these regulatory schemes and/or the nascence of our technologies and
services. Plaintiffs in these types of litigation may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the
potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Any such claims or litigation may be time-consuming
and costly, divert management resources, require us to change our products and services, or have other adverse effects on our business.
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and could require us to pay significant monetary
damages. In addition, costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce our existing contracts and, even if successful,
could have an adverse effect on us. In addition, prolonged litigation against any airline partner, customer or supplier could have the
effect of negatively impacting our reputation and goodwill with existing and potential airline partners, customers and suppliers. 

Technological
advances may harm our business. 

Due
to the widening use of state-of-the-art, personal electronic devices such as Apple s iPad, ever-increasing numbers of passengers
have their own mobile devices, which they might use to bring their own content such as movies, music or games with them on a flight.
This could decrease demand for our in-flight offerings. Carriers now also have greater technical means at their disposal to offer passengers
in-flight access to the Internet, including through our offerings and those of our competitors. At present, these offerings do not allow
passengers to fully stream content on their mobile devices. If, however, in-flight Internet access in the future allows passengers to
fully stream content on their mobile devices, this could decrease demand for our in-flight offerings. While both trends will give rise
to risks as well as opportunities for us, it is impossible to foresee at present whether and, if so, to what extent these trends will
have lasting effects. Note, too, that the in-flight entertainment connectivity systems currently in place are unable to support these
developments. Given average useful lives of 15 to 20 years, the conventional systems will continue to dominate the in-flight entertainment
industry for the foreseeable future. As a result, possible changes will happen slowly, giving all market players sufficient time to adapt. 

38 

We
may have exposure to foreign currency risks in the future and our future hedging activities could create losses. 

Currency
risks essentially arise from the fact that sales to customers and purchasing are affected in one currency while fixed costs are incurred
in other currencies. If necessary, we will engage in hedging transactions to counteract direct currency risks. However, we cannot always
guarantee that all currency risks will have been hedged in full. Severe currency fluctuations could also cause the hedging transactions
to fail if agreed thresholds (triggers) are not met or exceeded. We therefore cannot fully preclude negative foreign currency effects
in the future - some of which might be substantial - due to unforeseen exchange rate fluctuations and/or inaccurate assessments of market
developments. 

We
will source our content from studios, distributors and other content providers, and any reduction in the volume of content produced by
such content providers could hurt our business by providing us with less quality content to choose from and resulting in potentially
less attractive offerings for customers. 

We
will receive content from studios, distributors and other content providers, and in some circumstances, we will depend on the volume
and quality of the content that these content providers produce. If studios, distributors or other content providers were to reduce the
volume or quality of content they make available to us over any given time period, whether because of their own financial limitations
or other factors influencing their businesses, we would have less quality content to choose from and our programmers would have more
difficulty finding relevant and appropriate content to provide to our customers. This could negatively impact the passenger experience,
which could in turn reduce the demand for our offerings, which would have a negative impact on our revenue and results of operations. 

One of our EdgeKomm Box s services is the pre-loaded OTT (over-the-top)
service, which requires negotiating alliances with multiple OTT players. Several risk factors may impact subscriber and revenue growth
and projections: 

Securing
 contracts with influential OTT players is crucial for attracting subscribers. Failure to
 establish contracts with them would hinder business growth. 

Maintaining
 the long-term strong bonds and relationships with OTT players poses a potential risk. 

The
 varying attractiveness of OTT players across countries complicates negotiations and weakens
 Aerkomm s bargaining power, hindering the benefits of economies of scale. 

There
 is a risk of breakdown in agreements with signed OTT players, leading to potential requests
 for increased profit sharing or minimum guarantees as EdgeKomm Box s subscriber base grows.
 Such risks would potentially damage our business margin gain. 

We
are a holding company with no operations of our own, and we depend on our subsidiaries for cash. 

Currently,
we are a holding company and do not have any material assets or operations other than ownership of equity interests of our subsidiaries.
Our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries, and our ability to generate cash to meet our obligations or to
pay dividends is highly dependent on the earnings of, and receipt of funds from, our subsidiaries through dividends or intercompany loans.
The ability of our subsidiaries to generate sufficient cash flow from future operations to allow us and them to make scheduled payments
on our obligations will depend on their future financial performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive and
business factors, many of which are outside of our control. We cannot assure you that the cash flow and future earnings of our operating
subsidiaries will be adequate for our subsidiaries to service their debt obligations. If our subsidiaries do not generate sufficient
cash flow from future operations to satisfy corporate obligations, we may have to: undertake alternative financing plans (such as refinancing),
restructure debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. We cannot assure you that any
such alternative refinancing would be possible, that any assets could be sold, or, if sold, of the timing of the sales and the amount
of proceeds realized from those sales, that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all, or that additional
financing would be permitted under the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect. Our inability to generate sufficient cash
flow to satisfy our obligations, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness
in the future that may severely restrict or prohibit our subsidiaries from making distributions, paying dividends or making loans to
us. 

Risks
Relating to our Industry. 

Our
business is highly dependent on the airline industry, which is itself affected by factors beyond the airlines control. The airline
industry is highly competitive and sensitive to changing economic conditions. 

Our
planned IFEC business is directly affected by the number of passengers flying on commercial aircraft, the financial condition of the airlines
and other economic factors. If consumer demand for air travel declines, including due to increased use of technology such as videoconferencing
for business travelers, or the number of aircraft and flights shrinks due to, among other reasons, another pandemic, reductions in capacity
by airlines, the number of passengers available to use our service will be reduced, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations. Unfavorable general economic conditions and other events that are beyond the airlines control,
including higher unemployment rates, higher interest rates, reduced stock prices, reduced consumer and business spending, terrorist attacks
or threats and pandemics could have a material adverse effect on the airline industry. A general reduction or shift in discretionary
spending can result in decreased demand for leisure and business travel and lead to a reduction in airline flights offered and the number
of passengers flying. Further, unfavorable economic conditions could also limit airlines ability to counteract increased fuel,
labor or other costs though raised prices. Our airline partners operate in a highly competitive business market and, as a result, continue
to face pressure on offerings and pricing. These unfavorable conditions and the competitiveness of the air travel industry could cause
one or more of our airline partners to reduce expenditures on passenger services including deployment of our service or file for bankruptcy.
Any of these events would have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

39 

Limited satellite availability may delay
or curtail our ability to develop our satellite backhaul business. 

If the number of satellite launches is delayed
or falls short of the current planned quantity, it will directly impact the adoption rate of satellite communication for mobile backhaul,
which, in turn, will directly affect our planned backhaul business. The availability of an adequate number of satellites is crucial for
establishing a robust satellite communication infrastructure to support mobile backhaul services. However, if the planned number of satellite
launches is not met, it can limit the capacity and coverage capabilities of the satellite communication system. Insufficient satellite
coverage may result in reduced availability of mobile backhaul services via satellite, impacting our ability to offer comprehensive solutions
to customers. 

Furthermore,
a lower adoption rate of satellite communication for mobile backhaul due to limited satellite availability may also affect our competitiveness
in the market. Customers may turn to competitors offering alternative solutions or may delay their adoption of mobile backhaul services
altogether. 

Our
planned EdgeKomm Box CDN business will be subject to certain industry-specific risks that may affect our operations and financial performance. 

These
risks include: 

Technology
 Changes: The content delivery industry evolves rapidly, and we need to keep up with technological
 advancements to remain competitive. Failure to stay current could result in losing market
 share to more advanced solutions. 

Market
 Competition: The content delivery market is highly competitive, with numerous providers offering
 similar services. We must differentiate ourselves, handle price pressures, and scale effectively
 to maintain a competitive edge. 

Network
 Performance: Our success depends on delivering high-performance content delivery services.
 Network limitations, such as bandwidth constraints or insufficient server capacity, could
 lead to slower delivery and service disruptions. 

Security
 and Data Privacy: Protecting customer data and content is crucial. Security breaches or data
 leaks could damage our reputation and result in legal consequences. Compliance with data
 protection regulations and robust security measures are necessary. 

Dependency
 on ISPs: We rely on the cooperation of Internet Service Providers (ISPs) for efficient content
 delivery. Conflicts or disruptions with ISPs may impact service quality and availability. 

Intellectual
 Property Infringement: Unauthorized distribution of copyrighted content could lead to legal
 claims and reputational damage. Implementing content monitoring mechanisms and complying
 with intellectual property laws are important. 

Regulatory
 Environment: Regulatory changes related to net neutrality, data protection, and copyright
 regulations may affect our operations and revenue streams. Adapting to evolving regulations
 is necessary for compliance. 

Monitoring
these risks and implementing proactive measures is essential. Adapting to market dynamics, investing in technology, and prioritizing
customer satisfaction will help us maintain a strong position in the competitive content delivery landscape. 

Air
traffic congestion at airports, air traffic control inefficiencies, weather conditions, such as hurricanes or blizzards, increased security
measures, new travel-related taxes, the outbreak of disease or any other similar event could harm the airline industry. 

Airlines
are subject to cancellations or delays caused by factors beyond their control. Cancellations or delays due to weather conditions or natural
disasters, air traffic control problems, breaches in security or other factors could reduce the number of passengers on commercial flights
and thereby reduce demand for the services provided by us and our products and services and harm our businesses, results of operations
and financial condition. 

40 

Risks
Relating to our Technology and Intellectual Property 

We
could be adversely affected if we suffer service interruptions or delays, technology failures or damage to our equipment. 

Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our future
customers will depend upon the reliable performance of our satellite transponder capacity, network infrastructure and connectivity system.
We may experience service interruptions, service delays or technology or systems failures in the future, which may be due to factors beyond
our control. If we experience frequent system or network failures, our reputation could be harmed, and our future airline customers may
have the right to terminate their contracts with us or pursue other remedies. 

Our
operations and services will depend upon the extent to which our equipment and the equipment of our third-party network providers is
protected against damage from fire, flood, earthquakes, power loss, solar flares, telecommunication failures, computer viruses, break-ins,
acts of war or terrorism and similar events. Damage to our networks could cause interruptions in the services that we will provide, which
could have a material adverse effect on service revenue, our reputation and our ability to attract or retain customers. 

We
rely on service providers for certain critical components of and services relating to our satellite connectivity network. 

We
currently source key components of our hardware including the mountings for our antenna systems and modems from third parties and key
aspects of our connectivity services, including all of our satellite transponder services from SES and Telesat. While we have written
contracts with these key component and service providers, if we experience a disruption in the delivery of products and services from
either of these providers, it may be difficult for us to continue providing our own products and services to our customers. We have experienced
component delivery issues in the past and there can be no assurance that we will avoid similar issues in the future. Additionally, the
loss of the exclusive source protections that we have with our hardware provider could eliminate our competitive advantage in the use
of satellites for in-flight connectivity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

We
design our proprietary phased array antenna and ICs and currently source key manufacturing process of our hardware, including the IC
foundry, glass-based antenna fabrication, mobile backhaul system assembly from third parties and key aspects of our connectivity services,
including all of our satellite transponder services from SES and Telesat. While we have written contracts with these key component and
service providers, if we experience a disruption in the delivery of products and services from either of these providers, it may be difficult
for us to continue providing our own products and services to our customers. We have experienced component delivery issues in the past
and there can be no assurance that we will avoid similar issues in the future. Additionally, the loss of the exclusive source protections
that we have with our hardware provider could eliminate our competitive advantage in the use of satellites for 4G/5G mobile backhaul
systems, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

41 

We will rely on third-party service providers for critical components
and services essential to our planned EdgeKomm Box CDN business. Currently, we depend on these providers for key hardware components and
connectivity services. While we have contractual agreements with certain providers, any disruption in their product delivery or service
provision could impact our ability to deliver our own products and services to customers. Past experiences with component delivery issues
highlight the potential for similar challenges in the future. Moreover, if we were to lose exclusive access to a hardware provider, our
competitive advantage in satellite-based connectivity could be compromised, posing a material risk to our business and operations. 

Assertions
by third parties of infringement, misappropriation or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant
costs and substantially harm our business and operating results. 

In
recent years, there has been significant litigation involving intellectual property rights in many technology-based industries, including
the wireless communications industry. Any infringement, misappropriation or related claims, whether or not meritorious, is time-consuming,
diverts technical and management personnel and is costly to resolve. As a result of any such dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing
technology, pay damages, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, cease providing certain products or services or take other actions
to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. Certain of our suppliers do
not provide indemnity to us for the use of the products and services that these providers supply to us. At the same time, we generally
offer third-party intellectual property infringement indemnity to our customers which, in some cases, does not cap our indemnity obligations
and thus could render us liable for both defense costs and judgments. Any of these events could result in increases in operating expenses,
limit our service offerings or result in a loss of business if we are unable to meet our indemnification obligations and our airline
customers terminate or fail to renew their contracts. 

Our
use of open-source software could limit our ability to commercialize our technology. 

Open-source
software is widely and freely available to the public in human-readable source code form, usually with liberal rights to modify and improve
such software. Some open-source licenses require as a condition of use that proprietary software that is combined with licensed open-source
software and distributed must be released to the public in source code form and under the terms of the open-source license. Accordingly,
depending on the manner in which such licenses were interpreted and applied, we could face restrictions on our ability to commercialize
certain of our products and we could be required to (i) release the source code of certain of our proprietary software to the public,
including competitors; (ii) seek licenses from third parties for replacement software; and/or (iii) re-engineer our software in order
to continue offering our products. Such consequences could materially adversely affect our business. 

The
satellites that we currently rely on or may rely on in the future have minimum design lives but could fail or suffer reduced capacity
before then. 

The usefulness of the satellites upon which we currently rely and may
rely on in the future is limited by each satellite s minimum design life. For example, the satellites through which we provide will
our services have minimum design lives ranging from 10 to 15 years. Our ability to offer in-flight connectivity and alleviate capacity
constraints throughout our network will depend on the continued operation of the satellites or any replacement satellites, each of which
will have a limited useful life. We can provide no assurance, however, as to the actual operational lives of those or future satellites,
which may be shorter than their design lives, nor can we provide assurance that replacement satellites will be developed, authorized or
successfully deployed. 

In
the event of a failure or loss of any of these satellites, our satellite service providers may relocate another satellite and use it
as a replacement for the failed or lost satellite, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Such a relocation may require regulatory approval, including through, among other things, a showing that the replacement
satellite would not cause additional interference compared to the failed or lost satellite. We cannot be certain that our satellite service
provider could obtain such regulatory approval. In addition, we cannot guarantee that another satellite will be available for use as
a replacement for a failed or lost satellite, or that such relocation can be accomplished without disrupting or otherwise adversely impacting
our business. 

Satellites
that are not yet in service are subject to construction and launch related risks. 

Satellite
construction and launch are subject to significant risks, including delays, launch failure and incorrect orbital placement. Launch failures
result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct replacement satellites and to obtain
other launch opportunities. Construction and launch delays could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. 

42 

Risks
Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQX
Market, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQX Market. The OTCQX Market is
a significantly more limited market than the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market. The quotation of our shares on the OTCQX
may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could depress
the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris, which may have an unfavorable impact on
our stock price and liquidity. 

Since
July 23, 2019, our common stock has also been listed on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris under the
symbol AKOM . The Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris is a significantly more limited market
than the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A, B or C). The quotation of our shares on the Professional Segment of the regulated
market of Euronext Paris may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our
common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital
in the future. 

We
cannot predict the extent to which an active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. If an active public
trading market does not develop or cannot be sustained, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our common stock. 

At
present, there is minimal public trading in our common stock. We cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our common
stock will develop or be sustained due to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company that is relatively unknown
to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors, and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume,
and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company
such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares of common stock until such time as we became more seasoned and viable.
As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared
to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an
adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance that an active public trading market for our common stock will develop
or be sustained. If such a market cannot be sustained, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our common stock. 

We are subject to penny stock regulations
and restrictions, and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. 

The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called penny
stocks to be an equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share,
subject to certain exemptions. Our common stock is currently a penny stock and is subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange
Act, or the Penny Stock Rule. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to
persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally, individuals with a net worth in excess of
 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouses). For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer
must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction
prior to sale. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in penny stock, of a disclosure
schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are
required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stock. 

There can be no assurance that our common stock will be able to qualify
for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule in the future now that our stock price has dropped below the point where we became subject to
the Penny Stock Rule. This rule could affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and affect the ability of purchasers
to sell any of our securities in the secondary market, thus possibly making it more difficult for us to raise additional capital in the
future. Additionally, now that our common stock is subject to the Penny Stock Rule, we are subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange
Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that
such a restriction would be in the public interest.

43 

Our
board of directors has broad discretion to issue additional securities and any such issuance may cause substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

We
are entitled under our articles of incorporation to issue up to 90,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of blank
check preferred stock, although these amounts may change in the future subject to stockholder approval. Shares of our blank check
preferred stock provide our board of directors with broad authority to determine voting, dividend, conversion, and other rights. As of
the date of this annual report, we have issued and outstanding 9,893,137 shares of common stock, no shares of preferred stock, and we
have 2,400,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, of which 1,248,309 shares remain available
for issuance. As of July 1, 2022, we had no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Accordingly, at the date of this annual
report, we could issue up to 77,137,328 additional shares of common stock (including shares reserved under our 2017 Equity Incentive
Plan) and 50,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. Any additional stock issuances could be made at a price that
reflects a discount or premium to the then-current market price of our common stock. In addition, in order to raise capital, we may need
to issue securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for a significant amount of our common stock. Our board may generally issue
those common and preferred shares, or convertible securities to purchase those shares, without further approval by our stockholders.
Any preferred shares we may issue could have such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as may be designated from time-to-time
by our board, including preferential dividend rights, voting rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and liquidation provisions.
We may also issue additional securities to our directors, officers, employees and consultants as compensatory grants in connection with
their services, both in the form of stand-alone grants or under our stock incentive plans. The issuance of additional securities may
cause substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Our
articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law have anti-takeover provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control,
which may cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law contain provisions which could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us,
even if closing such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue up to 50,000,000 shares
of blank check preferred stock. This preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined
at the time of issuance by our board of directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock
may include voting rights (including the right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion
and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. No shares of our preferred stock are currently outstanding. The issuance of any preferred
stock could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock, and therefore, reduce the value of our common
stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with,
or sell our assets to, a third party and thereby preserve control by current management. 

Provisions
of our articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law also could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals or
making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such provisions
may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. In particular, our articles of incorporation,
our bylaws and Nevada law, as applicable, among other things, provide our board of directors with the ability to alter our bylaws without
stockholder approval, and provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although
less than a quorum. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
will likely need additional financing to execute our business plan or new initiatives, which we may not be able to secure on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

We
will require additional financing in the near and long term to fully execute our business plan. Our success may depend on our ability
to raise such additional financing on reasonable terms and on a timely basis. Conditions in the economy and the financial markets may
make it more difficult for us to obtain necessary additional capital or financing on acceptable terms, or at all. If we cannot secure
sufficient additional financing, we may be forced to forego strategic opportunities or delay, scale back or eliminate additional service
deployment, operations and investments or employ internal cost savings measures. Furthermore, we will be forced to take some or all of
these measures if we do not raise sufficient funds in our public offering, the successful completion of which we cannot guarantee. 

44 

We
face limitations on our ability to grow our operations which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

We
have not yet begun selling our products or services to our future customers. Our addressable market and our ability to expand in our
operating region is inherently limited by various factors, including limitations on the number of commercial airlines with which we could
partner, the number of planes in which our equipment can be installed, the passenger capacity within each plane and the ability of our
network infrastructure or bandwidth to accommodate increasing capacity demands. Future expansion is also limited by our ability to develop
new technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis, as well as our ability to mitigate network capacity constraints through, among
other things, the expansion of our satellite coverage area. Our future growth may slow, or once we begin selling products and services
to our customers, we may stop growing altogether, to the extent that we have exhausted all potential airline partners and as we approach
installation on full fleets and maximum penetration rates on all flights. In order to grow our future revenue, we will have to rely on
customer and airline partner adoption of currently available and new or developing services and additional offerings. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to obtain a market presence or establish new markets and, if we fail to do so, our business and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

The
global distribution of 4G/5G base stations for satellite mobile backhaul poses a challenge as our network deployment technicians and
organizational manpower resources may be experiencing slow growth compared to market demand. This situation may become an impact on our
operational execution and financial performance. 

As we develop our mobile backhaul business to
a global scale, it requires a robust and efficient deployment strategy. The installation and maintenance of mobile backhaul system in
various locations demand skilled technicians and adequate organizational resources to ensure timely and effective implementation. 

However, if our deployment technicians and international
operation manpower resources do not grow at a sufficient pace, this can lead to delays in mobile backhaul system installations, and network
resilience deployments. This directly affects our operational execution, as it may result in longer lead times, missed deadlines, and
an inability to meet customer demands in a timely manner. 

As we seek to develop and commercialize our EdgeKomm
Box CDN business, there will be inherent limitations that could impede our expansion. These limitations include factors such as the availability
of potential customers, the capacity of our network infrastructure, and the adoption of our services by households. Our growth potential
may be constrained by the saturation of the market or the inability to penetrate new markets effectively. 

Furthermore,
our ability to develop and deploy new technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner is crucial for future expansion. If we encounter
challenges in technological advancements or fail to keep pace with market demands, our growth prospects could be significantly affected. 

Additionally, competition from established or other new CDN providers
and market forces could pose challenges to our market presence and growth. The dynamic nature of the industry requires us to continuously
innovate and offer compelling solutions to stay competitive and attract customers. 

We
cannot provide assurance that we will be able to overcome these limitations and successfully expand our business. Failure to achieve
market presence or establish new markets could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

If
our efforts to retain and attract customers are not successful, our revenue will be adversely affected. 

We
expect to generate substantially all of our revenue from sales of services, some of which will be on a subscription basis. We must be
able to retain subscribers and attract new and repeat customers. If we are unable to effectively retain subscribers and attract new and
repeat customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Unreliable
service levels, lack of sufficient capacity, uncompetitive pricing, lack of availability, security risk and lack of related features
of our equipment and services are some of the factors that may adversely impact our ability to retain customers and partners and attract
new and repeat customers. If our customers are able to satisfy their in-flight entertainment needs through activities other than broadband
internet access, at no or lower cost, they may not perceive value in our products and services. If our efforts to satisfy and retain
customers and subscribers are not successful, we may not be able to attract new customers through word-of-mouth referrals. Any of these
factors could cause our customer growth rate to fall, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse
economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Macro-economic
challenges are capable of creating volatile and unpredictable environments for doing business. We cannot predict the nature, extent,
timing or likelihood of any economic slowdown or the strength or sustainability of any economic recovery, worldwide, in the United States
or in the industry. For many travelers, air travel and spending on in-flight internet access are discretionary purchases that they can
eliminate in difficult economic times. Additionally, a weaker business environment may lead to a decrease in overall business travel,
which is an important contributor to our service revenue. These conditions may make it more difficult or less likely for customers to
purchase our equipment and services. If economic conditions in the United States or globally deteriorate further or do not show improvement,
we may experience material adverse effects to our business, cash flow and results of operations. 

45 

Our
operating results may fluctuate unpredictably and may cause us to fail to meet the expectations of investors, adversely affecting our
stock price. 

We
operate in a highly dynamic industry and our future quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. Our future revenue and operating
results may vary from quarter to quarter due to many factors, many of which are not within our control. As a result, comparing our operating
results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Further, it is difficult to accurately forecast our revenue, margin and operating
results, and if we fail to match our expected results or the results expected by financial analysts or investors, the future trading
price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

In
addition, due to generally lower demand for business travel during the summer months and holiday periods, and leisure and other travel
at other times during the year, our quarterly results may not be indicative of results for the full year. Due to these and other factors,
quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our historical operating results should not be relied upon as accurate indicators of our future performance. 

If
our marketing and advertising efforts fail to generate revenue on a cost-effective basis, or if we are unable to manage our marketing
and advertising expenses, it could harm our results of operations and growth. 

Our
future growth and profitability, as well as the maintenance and enhancement of our brands, will depend in large part on the effectiveness
and efficiency of our future marketing and advertising expenditures. We plan to use a diverse mix of television, print, trade show, and
online marketing and advertising programs to promote our business. Significant increases in the pricing of one or more of our marketing
and advertising channels could increase our expenses or cause us to choose less expensive, but potentially less effective, marketing
and advertising channels. In addition, to the extent we implement new marketing and advertising strategies, we may in the future have
significantly higher expenses. We may in the future incur, marketing and advertising expenses significantly in advance of the time we
anticipate recognizing revenue associated with such expenses, and our marketing and advertising expenditures may not result in increased
revenue or generate sufficient levels of brand awareness. If we are unable to maintain our marketing and advertising channels on cost-effective
terms, our marketing and advertising expenses could increase substantially, our customer levels could be affected adversely, and our
business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 

We
believe our business depends on strong brands, and if we do not develop, maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to gain new customers
and retain customers may be impaired. 

We
believe that our brands will be a critical part of our business. Alongside our own brand and marketing strategies, we anticipate extensive
collaboration with partners for joint-marketing activities and leveraging each other s resources to acquire and retain customers. If
we fail to promote and maintain our brand, or if we incur significant expenses to promote the brands and are still unsuccessful in maintaining
strong brands, our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Businesses
or technologies we acquire could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our ongoing business, dilute stockholder value or have an adverse
effect on our results of operations. 

As
part of our business strategy, we may engage in acquisitions of businesses or technologies to augment our organic or internal growth.
We do not have any relevant experience with integrating and managing acquired businesses or assets. Acquisitions involve challenges and
risks in negotiation, execution, valuation and integration. Moreover, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition opportunities on
terms that are acceptable to us. Even if successfully negotiated, closed and integrated, certain acquisitions may not advance our business
strategy, may fall short of expected return-on-investment targets or may fail. Any future acquisition could involve numerous risks, including: 

potential
 disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; 

difficulty
 integrating the operations and products of the acquired business; 

use
 of cash to fund the acquisition or for unanticipated expenses; 

limited
 market experiences in new businesses; 

exposure
 to unknown liabilities, including litigation against the companies we acquire; 

additional
 costs due to differences in culture, geographical locations and duplication of key talent; 

delays
 associated with or resources being devoted to regulatory review and approval; 

acquisition-related
 accounting charges affecting our balance sheet and operations; 

difficulty
 integrating the financial results of the acquired business in our consolidated financial
 statements; 

controls
 in the acquired business; 

46 

potential
 impairment of goodwill; 

dilution
 to our current stockholders from the issuance of equity securities; or 

potential
 loss of key employees or customers of the acquired company. 

In
the event that we enter into any acquisition agreements, closing of the transactions could be delayed or prevented by regulatory approval
requirements, including antitrust review, or other conditions. We may not be successful in addressing these risks or any other problems
encountered in connection with any attempted acquisitions, and we could assume the economic risks of such failed or unsuccessful acquisitions. 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights. 

We
regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, proprietary technologies, domain names and similar intellectual
property as important to our success. We rely on trademark, copyright and patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements
with our employees, vendors, airline customers, customers and others to protect our proprietary rights. We have sought and obtained patent
protection for certain of our technologies in the United States and certain other countries. Many of the trademarks that we use contain
words or terms having a somewhat common usage and, as a result, we may have difficulty registering them in certain jurisdictions. We
have not yet obtained registrations for our most important marks in all markets in which we may do business in the future, including
countries in Asia, Africa, the Middle East and the US. If other companies have registered or have been using in commerce similar trademarks
for services similar to ours in foreign jurisdictions, we may have difficulty in registering, or enforcing an exclusive right to use,
our marks in those foreign jurisdictions. 

There
can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our proprietary rights will be sufficient or effective, that any pending or future patent
and trademark applications will lead to issued patents and registered trademarks in all instances, that others will not develop or patent
similar or superior technologies, products or services, or that our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property will not be challenged,
invalidated, misappropriated or infringed by others. Additionally, the intellectual property laws and enforcement practices of other
countries in which our service is or may in the future be offered may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use, our brand
image may be harmed, and our business and results of operations may suffer. 

Our
 common stock may be subject to significant price volatility which may have an adverse effect
 on your ability to liquidate your investment in our common stock. 

The market for our common stock may be characterized by significant
price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for
the indefinite future. The potential volatility in our share price is attributable to a number of factors. First, our shares of common
stock are currently sporadically and/or thinly traded. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities
of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares
could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our shares of common stock are sold on the market without
commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer that could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price.
Secondly, an investment in us is a speculative or risky investment due to our lack of meaningful profits to date and uncertainty
of future profits. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their
investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at
greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. 

47 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our stock and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have paid no cash dividends on any class of our stock to date and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near term. For the
foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their common stock after price
appreciation to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results
of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board deems
relevant. 

Fulfilling
our obligations incident to being a public company, including with respect to the requirements of and related rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, is expensive and time-consuming, and any delays or difficulties in satisfying these obligations could have a material adverse
effect on our future results of operations and our stock price. 

As
a public company, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of the SEC require us to implement various corporate
governance practices and adhere to a variety of reporting requirements and complex accounting rules. Compliance with these public company
obligations requires us to devote significant time and resources and places significant additional demands on our finance and accounting
staff and on our financial accounting and information systems. We plan to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate
public company reporting experience and technical accounting knowledge. Other expenses associated with being a public company include
increased auditing, accounting and legal fees and expenses, investor relations expenses, increased directors fees and director
and officer liability insurance costs, registrar and transfer agent fees and listing fees, as well as other expenses. 

We
are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to document and test the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
In addition, we are required under the Exchange Act to maintain disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting. Any failure to maintain effective controls or implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in
their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we are unable to conclude
that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial
statements. This could result in a decrease in the value of our common stock. Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could
potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Aircom
currently leases approximately 4,958 square feet of space at the Fremont, CA address, comprised of administrative offices, from Global
Venture Development, LLC, which lease expires on May 31, 2023. We pay a monthly base rent of 7,438. 

Aircom
Japan leases approximately 78 square meters of space at our Japan office. The lease expires in June 2022 and the monthly lease payment
is approximately 3,102. Aircom Japan also leases additional space at a cost of approximately 1,391 per month. 

Aircom
HK leases approximately 2,300 square feet of space at our Hong Kong office. The lease expires on June 27, 2022, and the monthly lease
payment is 3,829. Aircom HK also leases warehouse from the same landlord at a cost of approximately 450 per month. 

Aerkomm
Malta leases approximately 150 square meters of space at our Malta office. The lease expired on December 31, 2020, and the monthly lease
payment was 2,000. The lease was renewed on December 6, 2020, for a further period of one year and extended until the end of February
2022 under the same conditions. The lease terminated at the end of February 2022 and Aerkomm Malta gave up this office space at the end
of the lease and is now looking to lease another property. 

We
believe that our properties have been adequately maintained, are generally in good condition, and are suitable and adequate for our business. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

48 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock began trading on the OTCQB Venture Market on May 30, 2017 under the symbol AKOM. On July 31, 2017, our stock
began trading on the OTCQX Market. To date, there has been limited trading for our common stock on the OTC Markets. Any over-the-counter
market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transaction. 

Since
July 23, 2019, our common stock has also been listed on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris under the
symbol AKOM . 

Consistent
with customary practice in the French securities market, we entered into a liquidity agreement (contrat de liquidit with Invest
Securities SA, dated September 9, 2019. The liquidity agreement complied with applicable laws and regulations in France. The liquidity
agreement authorized Invest Securities SA to carry out market purchases and sales of shares of our common stock on the Euronext Paris
market. The balance of liquidity account is classified in other non-current financial assets in our statement of financial position.
At May 15, 2023, 5,361 shares of our common stock were in the liquidity account. The liquidity agreement had a term of one year and was
to be renewed automatically unless otherwise terminated by either party. In January 2022, Invest Securities SA terminated the agreement
and we are determining whether to continue a similar program. 

Approximate
Number of Holders of Our Common Stock 

As
of May 15, 2023, there were approximately 26 holders of record of our common stock. This number excludes the shares of our common stock
owned by stockholders holding stock under nominee security position listings. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid a cash dividend. We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion
of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, if at all. Any future determination to declare
dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital
requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

See
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
have not sold any equity securities during the 2022 fiscal year that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q
or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the 2022 fiscal year. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities 

No
repurchases of our common stock were made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

49 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis was prepared to supplement information contained in the accompanying financial statements and is intended
to explain certain items regarding the Company s financial condition as of December 31, 2022, and its results of operations
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and result of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the notes thereto and the other financial information appearing elsewhere in this annual report. In addition to historical
information, the following discussion contains certain forward-looking information. See Special Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements above for certain information concerning those forward-looking statements. Our financial statements are prepared in
U.S. dollars and in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. 

Overview 

Our
current business plan reflects the impact created as a result of the global COVID 19 pandemic, and how it afforded Aerkomm the development
time needed to focus on becoming a multi-orbit LEO/MEO/GEO/HEO space technology provider. With air travel for the most part being halted
during the pandemic, a negative impact in the inflight entertainment and connectivity, or IFEC, market was experienced globally, Aerkomm
at this time identified these weaknesses in marketing and business expectations, and, thus, we saw the opportunity to utilize LEO/MEO
satellites to address overwhelmed networks as usage skyrocketed globally. 

As
the IFEC market is expected to experience a slow recovery, Aerkomm expects to be able to create new business opportunities and new revenue
streams, to address past business scope endeavors as the IFEC market recovers. Prior to the global pandemic, connectivity was primarily
offered via fiber line, creating bottlenecks in most networks as traffic increased. With the increased desire to utilize LEO satellite
systems for connectivity, intensified by the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Aerkomm is positioning itself to provide solutions with never
seen before resilience. This sudden and globally experienced impact of the pandemic as well as increasing international tensions created
the opportunity for Aerkomm to develop our proprietary Full-Dominance-Glass-Semiconductor Antenna technology. 

From
Aerkomm s experience preparing to service the IFEC markets, and focusing on delivering Ka/Ku connectivity, we have been able to
utilize our industry expertise and engineering capabilities to develop a state-of-the-art technology to apply across multiple sectors
of satellite communications. Aerkomm has successfully invented a proprietary Full-Dominance Glass Semiconductor Antenna (FGSA)
 technology which, we believe, is a game changer in the current satellite ecosystem. During our proof-of-concept stage, we were able
to design our antenna using multilayered panel display glass with a semiconductor process and IC designed by Aerkomm and manufactured
by TSMC and WIN Semiconductor Corp. The results of our proof-of-concept testing phase, in laboratory show that our FGSA antenna is able
to successfully connect to LEO/MEO/GEO satellite beams. 

FGSA
technology revolutionizes the way phased array antenna technology is applied, taking it from PCB-based systems to semiconductor-based.
This innovation is far ahead of industry standards and the most unique technology utilizing semiconductor scale-down capabilities to
create a new era of full-functioned satellite mobile communications. 

FGSA
can be installed on satellites and used in ground equipment. By utilizing this remarkable high-efficiency antenna, current satellite
operators can significantly reduce their capital expenditures, or CAPEX, and offer lower cost antennas to customers by increasing the
effective bandwidth capacity of each satellite to provide services. FGSA can achieve simultaneous multi-orbit tracking of satellite communication
links. This ability paves the way for AERKOMM to innovate the broadcast TV market by offering this unique antenna for versatile satellite
services catering to the existing and expanding global customer base. 

As of April 27 th , 2023, Aerkomm has
been awarded a regional satellite operator license. 

With
this satellite operator license along with our proprietary FGSA technology, Aerkomm has created a much stronger position to define specifications
for satellite communications and, as we believe, will be able to create a revenue stream from satellite services. This now positions
Aerkomm as not only a hardware supplier, but also a value-added service and ISP provider, and expands the markets in which we can participate
in. 

As
a licensed satellite operator in Taiwan, AERKOMM is legally authorized to provide satellite services in mobile backhaul market, aero/maritime
markets, automotive, and numerous network resiliency contracts. 

Moving
forward, we will show how Aerkomm intends to capitalize the mobile backhaul, aero, maritime and government satcom markets, which markets,
we believe, we will be able to penetrate in the short and long term, This broadened market reach, we believe, will enable Aerkomm to
move to the forefront in a booming space tech industry. 

Our
total sales were 0 and 3,250,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Our total sales of 3,250,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, consisted of a non-recurring sale of ground antenna units to a related party and sales of network hardware to a non-related
party. 

50 

Principal
Factors Affecting Financial Performance 

We
believe that our operating and business performance will be driven by various factors that affect the commercial airline industry, including
trends affecting the travel industry and trends affecting the customer bases that we target, as well as factors that affect wireless
Internet service providers and general macroeconomic factors. Key factors that may affect our future performance include: 

our
 ability to enter into and maintain long-term business arrangements with airline partners and other
 customers, which depends on numerous factors including the real or perceived availability, quality
 and price of our services and product offerings as compared to those offered by our competitors; 

the extent of the adoption
 of our products and services by airline partners and customers; 

costs associated with implementing,
 and our ability to implement on a timely basis, our technology, upgrades and installation technologies; 

costs associated with and
 our ability to execute our expansion, including modification to our network to accommodate satellite technology, development and
 implementation of new satellite-based technologies, the availability of satellite capacity, costs of satellite capacity to which
 we may have to commit well in advance, and compliance with regulations; 

costs associated with managing
 a rapidly growing company; 

the number of aircraft
 in service in our markets, including consolidation of the airline industry or changes in fleet size by one or more of our commercial
 airline partners; 

the economic environment
 and other trends that affect both business and leisure travel; 

continued demand for connectivity
 and proliferation of Wi-Fi enabled devices, including smartphones, tablets and laptops; 

our ability to obtain required licenses
 and approvals necessary for our operations; and 

changes in laws, regulations
 and interpretations affecting telecommunications services and aviation, including, in particular, changes that impact the design
 of our equipment and our ability to obtain required certifications for our equipment. 

51 

Emerging
Growth Company 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and therefore we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various public company reporting requirements, including not being required to have our internal controls over financial reporting
audited by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments. We may take advantage of these exemptions until we are no
longer an emerging growth company. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can
delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to
use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under the JOBS Act. This election allows us
to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until
those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the
last day of the fiscal year: (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering; (b) in which we have
total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion; or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the
market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the
date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to
 emerging growth company have the meaning associated with that term in the JOBS Act. 

Recent
Developments 

On
September 4, 2022, we acquired the 100 ownership of MEPA Labs, Inc. 

On
December 29, 2022, we sold a majority interest in our then wholly owned subsidiary, Aerkomm Taiwan, for NT 255,000,000
(approximately US 8,300,000) to dMobile System Co., Ltd., a Taiwanese based company owned by Sheng-Chun Chang, a current owner of more
than 10 of our voting equity. The purpose of this transaction was to enable Aerkomm Taiwan to become a qualified company under Taiwanese
law and to apply for a telecommunications license in Taiwan. Under Taiwanese law, a telecommunications license can only be granted to
a company that is majority owned by Taiwanese residents. Aerkomm Taiwan owns the rights to the approximately 6.36 acre parcel of undeveloped
land located at the Taishui Grottoes in the Xinyi District of Keelung City, Taiwan that was acquired to house the location of our planned
first satellite ground station. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 for more information about this sale transaction. 

Aerkomm
has successfully invented a proprietary Full-Dominance Glass Semiconductor Antenna (FGSA) technology which, we believe,
is a game changer in the current satellite ecosystem. During our proof-of-concept stage, we were able to design our antenna using multilayered
panel display glass with a semiconductor process and IC designed by Aerkomm and manufactured by TSMC and WIN Semiconductor Corp. The
results of our proof-of-concept testing phase, in laboratory show that our FGSA antenna is able to successfully connect to LEO/MEO/GEO
satellite beams. 

FGSA
technology revolutionizes the way phased array antenna technology is applied, taking it from PCB-based systems to semiconductor-based.
This innovation is far ahead of industry standards and the most unique technology utilizing semiconductor scale-down capabilities to
create a new era of full-functioned satellite mobile communications. 

FGSA
can be installed on satellites and used in ground equipment. By utilizing this remarkable high-efficiency antenna, current satellite
operators can significantly reduce their capital expenditures, or CAPEX, and offer lower cost antennas to customers by increasing the
effective bandwidth capacity of each satellite to provide services. FGSA can achieve simultaneous multi-orbit tracking of satellite communication
links. This ability paves the way for AERKOMM to innovate the broadcast TV market by offering this unique antenna for versatile satellite
services catering to the existing and expanding global customer base. 

As of April 27 th , 2023, Aerkomm has
been awarded a regional satellite operator license by the Taiwan Ministry of Digital Affairs. 

With
this satellite operator license along with our proprietary FGSA technology, Aerkomm has created a much stronger position to define specifications
for satellite communications and, as we believe, will be able to create a revenue stream from satellite services. This now positions
Aerkomm as not only a hardware supplier, but also a value-added service and ISP provider, and expands the markets in which we can participate
in. 

As
a licensed operator in Taiwan, AERKOMM is legally authorized to provide satellite services in mobile backhaul market, aero/maritime markets,
automotive, and numerous network resiliency contracts. 

On
May 5, 2023, Mr. Jan-Yueng Lin resigned from his position as a member of our board of directors, effective as of that date. Also on May
5, 2023, the board of directors appointed Mr. Jeff T. C. Hsu to become a member of the board of directors effectively immediately, to
fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Mr. Lin. 

52 

Results
of Operations 

The discussion
below relates to our two fiscal years ended on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth key components of our results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

Sales 
 - 
 3,250,000 
 (3,250,000 
 -100 
 
 Cost of sales 
 - 
 3,050,978 
 (3,050,978 
 -100 
 
 Operating expenses 
 10,425,183 
 10,103,543 
 321,640 
 3 
 
 Loss from operation 
 (10,425,183 
 (9,904,521 
 (520,662 
 5 
 
 Net non-operating income (expense) 
 (1,450,572 
 524,335 
 (1,974,907 
 -377 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (11,875,755 
 (9,380,186 
 (2,495,569 
 27 
 
 Income tax expense 
 2,968 
 3,239 
 (271 
 -8 
 
 Net Loss 
 (11,878,723 
 (9,383,425 
 (2,495,298 
 27 
 
 Other comprehensive gain (loss) 
 1,522,184 
 (141,930 
 1,664,114 
 -1172 
 
 Total comprehensive loss 
 (10,356,539 
 (9,525,355 
 (831,184 
 9 

Revenue .
Our sales were 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the 3,250,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our total
revenue of 3,250,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of the sales of ground antenna units of 1,440,000 to a related
party and sales of network hardware of 1,810,000 to a non-related party. 

Cost
of sales . Our cost of sales includes the direct costs of our raw materials and component parts, as well as the cost of labor
and overhead. Our cost of sales was 0 and 3,050,978 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cost of sales
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0 as we did not have product sales during this period. The cost of sales for the year ended
December 31, 2021 was 3,050,978 as we sold ground antenna units to a related party in the amount of 1,243,878 and network hardware
to a non-related party in the amount of 1,807,100. 

Operating expenses . Our operating
expenses consist primarily of compensation and benefits, professional advisor fees, cost of promotion, business development, business
travel, transportation costs, and other expenses incurred in connection with general operations. Our operating expenses increased by 321,640
to 10,425,183 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 10,103,543 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was mainly due
to the increase in payroll and related expenses, professional fees, and R D expenses in the amount of 1,585,415, 931,481, 530,740,
respectively, which was offset by the decrease in stock-based compensation expense, equipment leasing, accounting, insurance expense,
consulting fees, and legal expense in the amount of 1,400,211, 300,000, 240,828, 382,865, 512,293, and 297,724 respectively. 

Net
non-operating income (expense) . We had 1,450,572 net non-operating loss for year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 524,335
in net non-operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net non-operating loss of loss of foreign currency exchange loss of
 1,587,157, bond issuance cost of 483,495, offset by other income of 740,315. Net non-operating income for the year ended December
31, 2021, primarily consisted of unrealized gain from long-term investment of 972,722, gain on disposal of investment of 306,848, gain
on foreign exchange of 188,020, which was offset by the financing cost from bonds issuance of 942,375 and net interest expense of 79,297. 

53 

Loss before income taxes . Our loss
before income tax is 11,875,755 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the loss of 9,380,186 for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 2,495,569, or 27 , as a result of the factors described above. 

Income
tax expense (benefit) . Income tax expense decreased by 271 to 2,968 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
from an income tax expense of 3,239 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The income tax expenses were mainly due to California franchise
tax and foreign subsidiary s income tax expenses. 

Total comprehensive loss . As
a result of the cumulative effect of the factors described above, our total comprehensive loss increased by 831,184, or 9 , to 10,356,539
for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 9,525,355 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 6,878,362 and restricted cash of 3,228,558. We have financed our operations primarily through
cash proceeds from financing activities, including from our 2022 Offering, the issuance of convertible notes. 

The
following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow: 

Cash
Flow 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (11,094,249 
 (1,963,824 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,763,317 
 (76,950 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 19,006,704 
 1,676,926 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 
 5,149,138 
 (363,848 
 
 Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 3,288,813 
 3,794,591 
 
 Foreign currency translation effect on cash and restricted cash 
 1,663,969 
 (141,930 
 
 Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
 10,101,920 
 3,288,813 

Operating
Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 11,094,249
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,963,824 for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition to the net loss of 11,878,723,
the increase in net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to increase in other receivable-related
parties, other receivable-others and prepaid expense and decrease in other payable related party of 303,954, 118,257,
 3,336,327, 353,933, respectively, offset by the decrease in accounts receivable, increase in accounts payable, prepaid from customer
-related party and other payable others of 136,800, 397,387, 1,258,786, and 573,895, respectively. In addition to the net
loss of 9,383,425, the increase in net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly due to increase
in accounts receivable and prepaid expense and decrease in accounts payable and other payable others of 136,800, 388,828, 309,712
and 281,535, respectively, offset by the decrease in inventories, increase in accrued expenses and other payable related parties
of 1,824,273, 1,322,637, and 243,214 respectively. 

Investing
Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to the purchase of short-term investment of 1,138,952, purchase of property and equipment
of 1,306,610. The net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,763,317 as compared to 76,950
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly due to
purchase of property and equipment of 163,862, which was offset by proceeds from disposal of trading security of 101,547. 

Financing
Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 19,006,704 and 1,676,926, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly attributable to the net proceeds from proceeds from long-term notes of 18,849,200. Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly attributable to proceeds from short-term loan
of 1,106,666 and issuing of common stock for warrants exercise of 592,800. 

54 

On May 9, 2019, two of our current shareholders, whom we refer to as
the Lenders, each committed to provide us with a 10 million bridge loan, or together, the Loans, for an aggregate principal amount of
 20 million, to bridge our cash flow needs prior to our obtaining a mortgage loan to be secured by our Taiwan land parcel which we recently
purchased. The Taiwan land parcel consists of approximately 6.36 acres of undeveloped land located at the Taishui Grottoes in the Xinyi
District of Keelung City, Taiwan. Aerkomm Taiwan contracted to purchase the Taiwan land parcel for NT 1,056,297,507, or US 34,474,462,
and as of July 3, 2019 we completed payment of the purchase price for the Taiwan land parcel in full. We are now waiting for title to
the Taiwan land parcel to be transferred to Aerkomm Taiwan now that Aerkomm Taiwan has completed the satellite ground station licensing
process. The Loans will be secured by the Taiwan land parcel with the initial closing date of the Loans to be a date, designated by us,
within 30 days following the date that the title for the Taiwan land parcel is fully transferred to and vested in our subsidiary, Aerkomm
Taiwan. The Loans will bear interest, non-compounding, at the Bank of America Prime Rate plus 1 , annually, calculated on the actual number
of days the Loans are outstanding and based on a 365-day year and will be due and payable upon the earlier of (1) the date of our obtaining
a mortgage loan secured by the Taiwan land parcel with a principal amount of not less than 20 million and (2) one year following the
initial closing date of the Loans. The Lenders also initially agreed to an earlier closing of up to 25 of the principal amounts of the
Loans upon our request prior to the time that title to the Taiwan land parcel is transferred to our subsidiary, Aerkomm Taiwan, provided
that we provide adequate evidence to the Lenders that the proceeds of such an earlier closing would be applied to pay our vendors. We,
of course, cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to obtain a mortgage on the Taiwan land parcel once the acquisition is completed.
On April 25, 2022, the Lenders amended the commitment and agreed to increase the percentage of earlier closing amount from 25 to 100 .
As of May 15, 2023, we have drawn down approximately 337,357 (approximately NTD 10,370,000) under the Loans from one of the Lenders. 

On July 10, 2018, in conjunction with our agreement
to acquire the Taiwan land parcel, we entered into a binding letter of commitment with Metro Investment Group Limited, or MIGL, pursuant
to which we agreed to pay MIGL an agent commission of four percent (4 of the full purchase price of the Taiwan land parcel, equivalent
to approximately US 1,387,127, for MIGL s services provided with respect to the acquisition. Under the terms of the initial agreement
with MIGL, we agreed to pay this commission no later than 90 days following payment in full of the Taiwan land parcel purchase price.
In May 2019 and December 2021, we amended the binding letter of commitment with MIGL to extend the payment to be paid after the full payment
of the Land acquisition price until no later than June 30, 2022. If there is a delay in payment, we shall be responsible for punitive
liquidated damages at the rate of one tenth of one percent (0.1 of the commission per day of delay with a maximum cap to these damages
of five percent (5 ). Under applicable Taiwanese law, the commission was due and payable upon signing of the letter of commitment even
if the contract is cancelled for any reason and the acquisition is not completed. We have recorded the estimated commission to the cost
of land and will be paying the amount no later than December 31 , 2022. 

On
December 3, 2020, the Company closed a private placement offering (the Bond Offering consisting of US 10,000,000 in aggregate
principal amount of its Credit Enhanced Zero Coupon Convertible Bond due 2025 (the Credit Enhanced Bonds and US 200,000
in aggregate principal amount of its 7.5 convertible bonds due 2025 (the Coupon Bonds, and together with the Credited
Enhanced Bonds, the Bonds ). 

Payments
of principal, premium, interest and any payments thereof in respect of the Credit Enhanced Bonds have the benefit of a bank guarantee
denominated in U.S. dollars and issued by Bank of Panhsin Co., Ltd., based in Taiwan. Unless previously redeemed, converted or repurchased
and canceled, the Credit Enhanced Bonds will be redeemed on December 2, 2025 at 105.11 of their principal amount and the Coupon Bonds
will be redeemed on December 2, 2025 at 100 of their principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest. The Coupon Bonds will bear
interest from and including December 2, 2020 at the rate of 7.5 per annum. Interest on the Coupon Bonds is payable semi-annually in
arrears on June 1 and December 1 each year, commencing on June 1, 2021. Unless previously redeemed, converted or repurchased and cancelled,
the Bonds may be converted at any time on or after December 3, 2020 up to November 20, 2025 into shares of Common Stock of the Company
with a par value US 0.001 each (such shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Shares ). The initial conversion price for the
Bonds is US 13.30 per Conversion Share and is subject to adjustment in specified circumstances. Please refer to our Current Report on
Form 8-K filed with SEC on December 4, 2020. 

The
Company has not generated significant revenues, excluding non-recurring revenues in 2022 and 2021, and will incur additional expenses
as a result of being a public reporting company. Currently, we have taken measures that management believes will improve our financial
position by financing activities, including short-term borrowings and other private loan commitments, including the Loans from our investors,
discussed above. With our current available cash, the 20 million in loan commitments from the Lenders and our expectations for our ability
to raise funds in the near term, we believe our working capital will be adequate to sustain our operations for the next twelve months. 

However,
even if we successfully raise sufficient capital to satisfy our needs over the next twelve months, following that period we will require
additional cash resources for the implementation of our strategy to expand our business or for other investments or acquisitions we may
decide to pursue. If our internal financial resources are insufficient to satisfy our capital requirements, we will need seek to sell
additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit facilities, although there can be no assurances that we will be successful
in these efforts. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness
would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would restrict
our operations. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any failure by us to raise additional
funds on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit our ability to expand our business operations and could harm our overall business
prospects. 

55 

On
June 28, 2022, we entered into a subscription agreement with an investor who agreed to purchase 550,000 shares of our common stock for
6.00 Euros per share for an aggregate purchase price of 3,300,000 Euros (the Purchase Price ). This transaction closed on
June 29, 2022 and we received the Purchase Price equivalent to U.S. 3,175,200.77 from this investor. Despite the fact that we have received
the investor s funds, the subscription agreement is subject to a cooling off period pursuant to which it may be terminated prior
to July 29, 2022 by either party at any time and for any reason. If the subscription agreement is terminated by the investor, we will
be required to return the Purchase Price funds to the investor, without interest. Because of the wording of the subscription agreement,
we cannot assure you at this time that we will not be required to return the Purchase Price funds to the investor. 

On December 7, 2022, we entered into an investment conversion and bond
purchase agreement (the Agreement with World Praise Limited, a Samoa registered company WPL ). Pursuant to
the terms of this agreement, (i) a subscription for the common stock of the Company in the amount of 3,175,200 which was entered into
between WPL and the Company on June 28, 2022 and funded (the June Subscription ), (ii) a subscription for the common stock
of the Company in the amount of 5,674,000 which was entered into between WPL and the Company on September 15, 2022 and funded (the September
Subscription ), and (iii) a subscription for the capital stock of MEPA Labs, Inc. MEPA ), a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company, in the amount of 4,324,000which was entered into between MEPA and the Company on June 28, 2022 and funded (the MEPA
Subscription, and together with the June Subscription and the September Subscription, the WPL Subscriptions ), the
WPL Subscriptions in the aggregate totaling 13,173,200, were converted into loans to the Company evidenced by that certain convertible
bond of the Company in favor of WPL and dated December 7, 2022 (the Convertible Bond ). 

In
addition, and as indicated in the Agreement, WPL agreed to lend an additional 10,000,000 to the Company under the Convertible Bond (the
 New Loan and to cap the aggregate amount of loans to the Company under the Convertible Bond, including the New Loan, the
WPL Subscriptions and any future advances under the Convertible Bond, at 30,000,000. 

The
Convertible Note allows for loans to the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of 30,000,000 and acknowledges an aggregate principal
amount of 23,173,200 in loans under the Convertible Bond outstanding as of December 7, 2022. The Convertible Bond carries an annual
interest rate of four percent (4 which is due and payable, along with the then principal amount outstanding, on the Convertible Bond
maturity date, December 7, 2024. The Convertible Bond is pre-payable in whole or in part at any time without penalty, on five days 
prior written notice to WPL. In the event of a change of control of the Company (as that term is defined in the Convertible Bond), the
Convertible Bond shall become immediately payable in full. The Convertible Bond, along with accrued interest, is convertible in whole
or in part by WPL at any time into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of 6.00 per share. 

Capital
Expenditures 

Our
operations continue to require significant capital expenditures primarily for technology development, equipment and capacity expansion.
Capital expenditures are associated with the supply of airborne equipment to our prospective airline partners, which correlates directly
to the roll out and/or upgrade of service to our prospective airline partners fleets. Capital spending is also associated with
the expansion of our network, ground stations and data centers and includes design, permitting, construction, network equipment and installation
costs. 

Capital
expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1,524,652 and 148,921, respectively. 

We
anticipate an increase in capital spending in fiscal year 2023 and estimate that capital expenditures will range from 10 million to
 40 million as we will begin airborne equipment installations and continue to execute our expansion strategy. 

56 

Inflation 

Inflation
and changing prices have not had a material effect on our business and we do not expect that inflation or changing prices will materially
affect our business in the foreseeable future. However, our management will closely monitor price changes in our industry and continually
maintain effective cost control in operations. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to an investor in our securities. 

Seasonality 

Our
operating results and operating cash flows historically have not been subject to significant seasonal variations. This pattern may change,
however, as a result of new market opportunities or new product introductions. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management
to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of
commitments and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our
financial statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operation.
Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations
and require management s difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the
effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive
because of their significance to financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ
significantly from management s current judgments. We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant
estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements: 

Concentrations
of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash in banks. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total balance of
cash in bank exceeding the amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) for the Company was approximately 6,153,000
and 0, respectively. The balance of cash deposited in foreign financial institutions exceeding the amount insured by local insurance
is approximately 3,460,000 and 3,106,000 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

We
perform ongoing credit evaluation of our customers and requires no collateral. An allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on
a review of the collectability of accounts receivable. We determine the amount of allowance for doubtful accounts by examining its historical
collection experience and current trends in the credit quality of its customers as well as its internal credit policies. Actual credit
losses may differ from our estimates. 

Inventories 

Inventories
are recorded at the lower of weighted-average cost or net realizable value. We assess the impact of changing technology on its inventory
on hand and writes off inventories that are considered obsolete. Estimated losses on scrap and slow-moving items are recognized in the
allowance for losses. 

57 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. When value impairment is determined, the related assets are stated at
the lower of fair value or book value. Significant additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are expensed
as incurred. 

Depreciation
is computed by using the straight-line and double declining methods over the following estimated service lives: ground station equipment
 5 years, computer equipment - 3 to 5 years, furniture and fixtures - 5 years, satellite equipment 5 years, vehicles 
5 to 6 years and lease improvement 5 years or remaining lease term, whichever is shorter. 

Upon
sale or disposal of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the corresponding accounts,
with any gain or loss credited or charged to income in the period of sale or disposal. 

We
review the carrying amount of property and equipment for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of such assets may not be recoverable. It determined that there was no impairment loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

Right-of-Use
Asset and Lease Liability 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ASU 2016-02 ), which modifies lease accounting
for both lessees and lessors to increase transparency and comparability by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees
for those leases classified as operating leases and finance leases under previous accounting standards and disclosing key information
about leasing arrangements. 

A
lessee should recognize the lease liability to make lease payments and the right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying
asset for the lease term. For operating leases and finance leases, a right-of-use asset and a lease liability are initially measured
at the present value of the lease payments by discount rates. The Company s lease discount rates are generally based on its incremental
borrowing rate, as the discount rates implicit in the Company s leases is readily determinable. Operating leases are included in
operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property
and equipment and lease liability in our consolidated balance sheets. Lease expense for operating expense payments is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. Interest and amortization expenses are recognized for finance leases on a straight-line basis
over the lease term. 

For
the leases with a term of twelve months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset
not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases
generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We adopted ASU 2016-02 effective January 1, 2019. 

Goodwill
and Purchased Intangible Assets 

Our
goodwill represents the amount by which the total purchase price paid exceeded the estimated fair value of net assets acquired from acquisition
of subsidiaries. We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more often if events or circumstances indicate that there may
be impairment. 

Purchased
intangible assets with finite life are amortized on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of respective assets. Purchased
intangible assets with indefinite life are evaluated for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Purchased intangible asset consists of satellite system software and is amortized over
10 years. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

We
utilize the three-level valuation hierarchy for the recognition and disclosure of fair value measurements. The categorization of assets
and liabilities within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement of fair value. The
three levels of the hierarchy consist of the following: 

Level
1 - Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company
has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level
2 - Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices in markets
that are not active or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full
term of the instrument. 

Level
3 - Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable inputs based upon management s best estimate of inputs market participants
could use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date, including assumptions. 

The
carrying amounts of our cash and restricted cash, accounts receivable, other receivable, accounts payable, short-term loan and other
payable approximated their fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. Our long-term bonds payable,
long-term loan and lease payable approximated the carrying amount as its interest rate is considered as approximate to the current rate
for comparable loans and leases, respectively. There were no outstanding derivative financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

58 

Revenue
Recognition 

During
2019, we adopted the provisions of ASU 2014-09 Revenue from Contract with Customers (Topic 606) and the principal versus agent guidance
within the new revenue standard. As such, we identify a contract with a customer, identifies the performance obligations in the contract,
determines the transaction price, allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract and recognizes revenue
when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. Our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was the satellite service
income. 

Research
and Development Costs 

Research
and development costs are charged to operating expenses as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred
 530,740 and 0 of research and development costs, respectively. 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between
the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based
on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances
are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable
or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Adjustments to prior
period s income tax liabilities are added to or deducted from the current period s tax provision. 

We
follow FASB guidance on uncertain tax positions and has analyzed its filing positions in all the federal, state and foreign jurisdictions
where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in those jurisdictions. We file income tax returns in
the US federal, state and foreign jurisdictions where it conducts business. It is not subject to income tax examinations by US federal,
state and local tax authorities for years before 2016. We believe that its income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained
on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain tax positions have been recorded. We do not expect unrecognized
tax benefits to change significantly over the next twelve months. 

Our
policy for recording interest and penalties associated with any uncertain tax positions is to record such items as a component of income
before taxes. Penalties and interest paid or received, if any, are recorded as part of other operating expenses in the consolidated statement
of operations. 

Foreign
Currency Transactions 

Foreign
currency transactions are recorded in U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect when the transactions occur. Exchange gains or losses
derived from foreign currency transactions or monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in current
income. At the end of each period, assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are revalued at the prevailing exchange rates
with the resulting gains or losses recognized in income for the period. 

Translation
Adjustments 

If
a foreign subsidiary s functional currency is the local currency, translation adjustments will result from the process of translating
the subsidiary s financial statements into the reporting currency of the Company. Such adjustments are accumulated and reported
under other comprehensive income (loss) as a separate component of stockholders equity. 

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share 

Basic
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of
common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders
by the weighted-average number of shares of common outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional shares
of common stock that would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities
include stock warrants and outstanding stock options, shares to be purchased by employees under our employee stock purchase plan. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Simplifying
the Accounting for Debt with Conversion and Other Options. 

In
June 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06 to simplify the accounting in ASC 470, Debt with Conversion and Other Options and ASC 815, Contracts
in Equity s Own Entity. The guidance simplifies the current guidance for convertible instruments and the derivatives scope exception
for contracts in an entity s own equity. Additionally, the amendments affect the diluted EPS calculation for instruments that may
be settled in cash or shares and for convertible instruments. This ASU will be effective beginning in the first quarter of the Company s
fiscal year 2022. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in this update must be applied on either full retrospective basis or modified
retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings/(deficit) in the period of adoption. We are currently
evaluating the impact of ASU 2020-06 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, as well as the timing of adoption. 

59 

Simplifying
the Accounting for Income Taxes 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12 to simplify the accounting in ASC 740, Income Taxes. This guidance removes certain exceptions
related to the approach for intra-period tax allocation, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period, and the recognition
of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. This guidance also clarifies and simplifies other areas of ASC 740. This ASU
will be effective beginning in the first quarter of the Company s fiscal year 2021. Early adoption is permitted. Certain amendments
in this update must be applied on a prospective basis, certain amendments must be applied on a retrospective basis, and certain amendments
must be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings/(deficit) in the period
of adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures,
as well as the timing of adoption. 

Financial
Instruments 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ), which modifies the measurement of expected credit losses of certain financial
instruments. In February 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-02 and delayed the effective date of Topic 326 until fiscal year beginning after
December 15, 2022. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-13 on our consolidated financial statements. 

Intangibles 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment, under which goodwill shall be tested at least annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as a reporting
unit. ASU 2017-04 will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 as of December
31, 2020 and the adoption does not have significant impact on our consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The full
text of our audited financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 begins on page F-1 of this annual report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures
refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the
SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer determined that, because of the material weakness described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

60 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal
control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and
principal financial and accounting officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management
 and directors; and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material
 effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation,
management used the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system,
including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring.
Based on our evaluation, we determined that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
due to the following material weakness: 

We do not have sufficient
 and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application of
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. To mitigate
 the current limited resources and limited employees, we rely heavily on the use of external legal and accounting professionals. 

In
order to cure the foregoing material weakness, we have taken or plan to take the following remediation measures 

We intend to hire additional
 personnel with technical accounting expertise to further support our current accounting personnel. As necessary, we will continue
 to engage consultants or outside accounting firms in order to ensure proper accounting for our consolidated financial statements. 

We
intend to complete the remediation of the material weakness discussed above as soon as practicable but we can give no assurance that
we will be able to do so. Designing and implementing an effective disclosure controls and procedures is a continuous effort that requires
us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to devote significant resources
to maintain a financial reporting system that adequately satisfies our reporting obligations. The remedial measures that we have taken
and intend to take may not fully address the material weakness that we have identified, and material weaknesses in our disclosure controls
and procedures may be identified in the future. Should we discover such conditions, we intend to remediate them as soon as practicable.
We are committed to taking appropriate steps for remediation, as needed. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

We
regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls
and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities
as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

We
have no information to disclose that was required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 but
was not reported. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

61 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jeffrey Wun 
 
 58 
 
 President,
 Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 Louis Giordimaina 
 
 66 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Georges Caldironi 
 
 66 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Richmond Akumiah 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 Raymond Choy 
 
 42 
 
 Director 
 
 Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Colin Lim 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Jan-Yung Lin 
 
 62 
 
 Secretary
 and former Director 
 
 Jeff T. C. Hsu 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Jeffrey
Wun . Mr. Wun has served as our President since December 31, 2017 and was appointed as our Chief Technology Officer by our board
of directors on March 22, 2020. He served as our Chief Executive Officer from December 31, 2017 to March 22, 2020. Mr. Wun has been a
member of our board of directors since the closing of the reverse acquisition of Aircom on February 13, 2017 and served as our Chairman
of the board of directors from January 22, 2018 to March 22, 2020. Mr. Wun also currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the
Joint Venture. Mr. Wun previously served as our President, Treasurer and Secretary from December 2016 to February 2017. Mr. Wun has served
as Aircom s Chief Technology Officer since December 2014. Mr. Wun is a technologist with more than 25 years of experience in the
communications industry. Prior to joining Aircom Mr. Wun served as Senior Staff Engineer at Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. from December
2012 to May 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Wun was a Senior System Engineer at MediaTEK USA Inc. from November 2010 to December 2012 and served
as Chief Executive Officer at Kairos System Inc. from 2003 to 2010. Mr. Wun received a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry and Computer
Science from Chinese University of Hong Kong in 1988. 

Louis
Giordimaina . Mr. Giordimaina was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer by our board of directors on March 22, 2020 and was
appointed as our Chainman by our board of directors on October 7, 2021. Mr. Giordimaina was appointed our Interim Chief Financial Officer
on September 1, 2022. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Giordimaina served as Chief Operating Officer-Aviation of Aircom from May 25,
2018 until November 1, 2019, and of Aerkomm Malta from November 1, 2019 until March 22, 2020, the date of his being appointed as our
Chief Executive Officer by the Board. Mr. Giordimaina joined Aircom as a consultant in June 2017. Mr. Giordimaina is an experienced aviation
executive with more than 40 years of experience in airline executive management, operations, Maintenance and Repair Organizations (MROs),
aircraft purchasing from aircraft manufacturers, sales and leasing with major aircraft lessors. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Giordimaina
served as Chief Executive Officer of Air Malta in 2014, the national airline of Malta, as well as CEO of Lufthansa Technik Malta from
2002 to 2011. He joined Air Malta s engineering department in 1975 as an aircraft engineer where he occupied various positions
in Air Malta s engineering department with additional active roles in Air Malta relating to airline strategic planning, aircraft
purchasing and deliveries from Airbus Industrie, Boeing and British Aerospace, aircraft leasing from various international aircraft lessors
and aircraft contract negotiations. In 1994, he was appointed as the first Maltese Chief Engineer of Air Malta. Mr. Giordimaina was instrumental
in setting up Lufthansa Technik Malta, a Joint Venture between Lufthansa Technik and Air Malta, of which he was appointed Chief Executive
Officer and Director in 2002. In 2006, he spearheaded Lufthansa Technik Malta s expansion to become one of the major worldwide
MRO players, based in the centre of the Mediterranean. He occupied the position of CEO until September 2011, after which he remained
as member of the board of directors of that company until September 2013. He currently serves as a Director of GY Aviation Lease (Malta)
Ltd which provides aircraft financing and leasing. He also served as the General Manager, the Accountable Manager and a director of Hyperion
Aviation, where he worked from May 2016 to September 2017, managing a fleet of private jet aircraft; he served in similar capacities
at EuroJet Ltd., from January 2015 to April 2016; and he served for a number of years as a director of Tailwind Leasing Company and Peregrine
Aviation Leasing Company based in Shannon, Ireland. An aircraft engineer by profession, Mr. Giordimaina also obtained an Engineering
Business Management degree from Warwick University, UK. He is a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society. 

62 

Georges
Caldironi . Mr. Caldironi was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer by our board of directors on March 22, 2020. Prior to that,
Mr. Caldironi served as a Project Director for Aircom beginning on January 1, 2019, on an independent contractor basis. Mr. Caldironi
is an aviation professional with 40 years of experience in aircraft modification, avionics communication and in-flight entertainment
systems. Prior to joining Aircom, Mr. Caldironi was employed by Airbus for 25 years, most recently as Technical Support Director
in Airbus Business and Government Division. During his career at Airbus, Mr. Caldironi managed and supervised various complex
projects including, but not limited to, aircraft upgrades. He is a specialist in system and cabin innovation (connectivity IFE),
having carried out numerous feasibility studies and associated design projects for numerous airlines and leasing companies. During his
career, Mr. Caldironi has prioritized ensuring cost efficiency and on time delivery in the successful completion of aviation projects.
Mr. Caldironi received a dipl me d tudes sup rieures techniques (DEST) in engineering from Conservatoire
national des arts et m tiers (CNAM) of Bordeaux in 1986. 

Raymond
Choy. Mr. Raymond Choy has served as a member of our Board since December 2017. Mr. Choy has served as a member of from
the Board of Aircom since October 2017. Mr. Choy became a certified public accountant (CPA) in the state of California in 2006 and also
received his chartered global management accountant (CGMA) designation in 2013. Mr. Choy has provided accounting, consulting and advisory
services to public and private companies since July 2016 through his partnership with Beyond Century Consulting, LLC, a financial and
business consulting company. Mr. Choy has extensive experience auditing the financial statements and internal controls of public and
private companies as a senior manager at Frazer, LLP, a certified public accountant company, from July 2004 to June 2016. Mr. Choy received
his bachelor s degree with in business administration with accounting concentration and minor in computer information systems from
California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, in 2003. Mr. Choy was selected to serve as a member of our board of directors due to
his accounting background. 

Chih-Ming
(Albert) Hsu . Mr. Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu has served as a member of our Board since December 2017. Mr. Hsu has served as a member
of Aircom s board since April 2017. Mr. Hsu was admitted to practice law in Taiwan as a corporate and business lawyer and as a
patent attorney in 2002. Mr. Hsu is the owner of Chascord Law Firm. Mr. Hsu has also been the chairman of the board of directors of Ejectt
Inc., a Taiwanese publicly traded company, since May 2019. Mr. Hsu previously served as the arbitrator mediator of the Chinese Arbitration
Association, Taipei. In addition, Mr. Hsu was the Chairman of Unitel High Technology Corporation, a listed company on the Taiwan over-the-counter
market from December 2015 to September 2016. Mr. Hsu received an LL.M. and Bachelor of Law degree from National Taiwan University
in 2003 and 1997, respectively. Mr. Hsu is an expert of real estate securitization in Taiwan. 

Richmond
Akumiah . Mr. Akumiah has served as a member of our board of directors since September 2018. Mr. Akumiah is an engineering and
financial management professional with years of experience in decision support, budgeting, forecasting, credit analysis, cost accounting,
mergers and acquisitions, quantitative analysis, financial and operational analysis, strategic planning, and corporate development. Since
September 2018, he has been employed as a Senior Advisor, Investments and Operations by the State of New Jersey, Division of Investment,
where he advises on the Division s range of investment activities, and is on the Board of the New Jersey Culture Trust, as representative
of the New Jersey State Treasurer. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Akumiah was a research consultant for WorldQuant LLC, a Greenwich, Connecticut-based
investment management firm. Prior to that, from 2009 to 2013, he was employed as a consultant for Wolters Kluwer. Prior to Wolters Kluwer,
Mr. Akumiah was employed in a number of positions in various financial management capacities, including at The Dun Bradstreet
Corporation where he spent a decade in leadership roles in Finance General Management. At AT T, he served as Director
of Finance in the Business Case Center of Excellence managing AT T s investments in IP (Internet Protocol) and Managed Services.
Mr. Akumiah also served as Chief Financial Officer of Hands On Network (Points of Light). Mr. Akumiah began his career in New York City
with Marine Midland Bank (HSBC). Mr. Akumiah is a member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and the American Society of
Civil Engineers. Mr. Akumiah graduated from Harvard University with a BA in Engineering and holds an MBA in Finance from New York University,
Leonard Stern School of Business. Mr. Akumiah was selected to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his engineering and
finance background. 

Colin
Cheng Eam Lim . Mr. Lim has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2017 and served as a member of Aircom s
board from July 2015 to February 2017. In 2013, Mr. Lim founded Dynasty Media Entertainment Group, a movie production and
distribution company and an investment company with interests in a variety of businesses, including restaurants, wood and timber trading,
exotic leather manufacturing, movie productions, copyrights transaction and entertainment businesses, as well as hi-tech companies, and
is the Managing Director who oversees financing, investment and copyrights. Mr. Lim has served as Executive Chairman of Sunny Leather
from June 2006 and is responsible for general management. Mr. Lim has served as Executive Chairman of Anson International since March
2003 where he oversees investments. Mr. Lim has served as Managing Director of Euroamerica International since December 1999 where he
oversees management and trading operations of the company. Mr. Lim s investment experience in the movie and copyright businesses
has allowed us to better negotiate and acquire sufficient movie copyrights and entertainment content to complement our business model.
Mr. Lim graduated from New South Wales University in Australia, where he received his degree in engineering and business. 

Jan-Yung
Lin. Mr. Jan-Yung Lin, who served as a member of our board of directors since February 2017 resigned from that position on May
5, 2023. Mr. Lin served as Aircom s President from June 2017 to February 2019, as Aircom s Chief Executive Officer from February
2015 to October 2016, as Aircom s Chief Operating Officer from September 2014 to February 2015, and as a director of Aircom since
September 2014. Mr. Lin has practiced corporate and business law at Concorde Law PC as a solo practitioner since 2012. Prior to that
Mr. Lin was the General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer of EMG Properties, Inc. in California. Prior to that Mr. Lin was a corporate
associate of Goodwin Proctor LLP. Mr. Lin graduated magna cum laude from Cornell Law School with a J.D. degree and an LL.M. degree in
International and Comparative Law. Mr. Lin received an M.B.A. degree from the University of California, Berkeley and a Bachelor s
degree from the National Taiwan University. Mr. Lin was selected to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his legal background. 

63 

Jeff T. C. Hsu. Mr. Hsu earned a PH. D
in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin in 1991. After earning this degree, Mr. Hsu accepted an
engineering position at Motorola Inc. followed by a managerial position at Applied Materials Inc. With more than twenty years experience
in semiconductor and TFT LCD application and manufacturing processes, Mr. Hsu focused his skill set toward display panel manufacturing
becoming the foremost expert in the industry. Highlights of Mr. Hsu s extensive list of professional accomplishments include founding
Chimei Electronics Inc., one of the first TFT LCD companies in Taiwan. After that, he successfully founded Jemitek Electronics which merged
with Innolux within 3 years. In 2010, he was able to successfully merge Innolux, Chimei and Toppoly Electronics Corp. to create the largest
LCD conglomerate in Taiwan at the time. In 2013, Mr. Hsu was invited by Innovation Network Corporation of Japan as a strategic advisor
to contribute his expertise on business and investment to Japan Display Inc. In 2018-2020, Mr. Hsu was able to successfully raise a 900M
fund for Japan Display Inc. From 2021 up to present, Mr. Hsu holds a board seat at Sharp Corp.and continues to actively advise on investment
strategies for companies across various industries. Mr. Hsu was appointed as a member of our board of directors on May 5, 2023. 

Directors
and executive officers are elected until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 

Directors
and executive officers are elected until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 

There
are no arrangements or understandings known to us pursuant to which any director was or is to be selected as a director (or director
nominee) or executive officer. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been convicted in a criminal
 proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

had any bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he
 was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state
 authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business,
 securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons
 engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a court of
 competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or
 state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or
 a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any
 federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance
 companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty
 or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
 fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the subject of, or
 a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined
 in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
 Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
 over its members or persons associated with a member. 

64 

Board
Composition and Committees 

Our
board of directors is comprised of seven members: Jeffrey Wun, Louis Giordimaina, Raymond Choy, Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu, Richmond Akumiah,
Colin Lim and Jeff Hsu. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Choy, Akumiah and Lim are independent directors as that term
is defined in the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Each of Messrs. Choy, Lim and Akumiah are members of all of our standing committees. 

Our
board of directors currently has four standing committees which perform various duties on behalf of and report to the board of directors:
(i) Audit Committee, (ii) Compensation Committee, (iii) Nominating and Governance Committee and (iv) Regulatory, Compliance Government
Affairs Committee. Each of the four standing committees is comprised entirely of our independent directors. From time to time, the board
of directors may establish other committees. 

Board
Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
board of directors plays an active role, as a whole and also at the committee level, in overseeing management of our risks and strategic
direction. Our board of directors regularly reviews information regarding our liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated
with each. Our Audit Committee oversees the process by which our senior management and relevant employees assess and manage our exposure
to, and management of, financial risks. Our Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to
our executive compensation plans and arrangements. Our Nominating and Governance Committee also manages risks associated with the independence
of members of our board of directors and potential conflicts of interest. Our Regulatory, Compliance Government Affairs Committee
oversees regulatory, compliance and governmental matters that may impact the Company. While each committee is responsible for evaluating
certain risks and overseeing the management of such risks, the entire board of directors is regularly informed about such risks. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee currently consists of Messrs. Choy, Akumiah and Lim, with Mr. Choy serving as chairman. Our board of directors has determined
that Mr. Choy is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, and each member of our Audit Committee
is able to read and understand fundamental financial statements and has substantial business experience that results in such member s
financial sophistication. 

Accordingly,
our board of directors believes that each member of our Audit Committee has sufficient knowledge and experience necessary to fulfill
such member s duties and obligations on our Audit Committee. The primary purposes of our Audit Committee are to assist our board
of directors in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee the accounting and financial reporting processes of our company and audits of
our financial statements, including (i) reviewing the scope of the audit and all non-audit services to be performed by our independent
accountant and the fees incurred by us in connection therewith, (ii) reviewing the results of such audit, including the independent accountant s
opinion and letter of comment to management and management s response thereto, (iii) reviewing with our independent accountants
our internal accounting principles, policies and practices and financial reporting, (iv) engaging our independent accountants and (v)
reviewing our quarterly and annual financial statements prior to public issuance. The role and responsibilities of our Audit Committee
are more fully set forth in a written Charter adopted by our board of directors on June 6, 2017, which is available on our website at
www.aerkomm.com. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
board of directors established our Compensation Committee effective as of January 22, 2018, appointing Messrs. Busuttil, Choy and Lim
as members, with Mr. Lim serving as chairman of this committee. On February 16, 2020, our board of directors voted to add Mr. Akumiah
to this committee. On October 4, 2021, Mr. Busuttil resigned from his positions as a member and chairman of the board of directors (the
 Board of the Company. Messrs. Choy, Lim and Akumiah are the current members of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation
Committee is structured as follows: The primary purpose of our Compensation Committee is to assist our board of directors in fulfilling
its responsibility to determine the compensation of our executive officers and to approve and evaluate the compensation policies and
programs of our company, including (i) reviewing the compensation packages of executive officers and making recommendations to our board
of directors for said compensation packages, (ii) reviewing and approving proposed stock incentive grants and (iii) providing our board
of directors with recommendations regarding bonus plans, if any. The role and responsibilities of our Compensation Committee are more
fully set forth in a written Charter adopted by our board of directors and made available on our website at www.aerkomm.com. 

The
policies underlying our Compensation Committee s compensation decisions are designed to attract and retain the best-qualified management
personnel available. We routinely compensate our executive officers through salaries. At our discretion, we may reward executive officers
and employees through bonus programs based on profitability and other objectively measurable performance factors. Additionally, we use
stock options and other incentive awards to compensate our executives and other key employees to align the interests of our executive
officers with the interests of our stockholders. In establishing executive compensation, our Compensation Committee will evaluate compensation
paid to similar officers employed at other companies of similar size in the same industry and the individual performance of each officer
as it impacts our overall performance with particular focus on an individual s contribution to the realization of operating profits
and the achievement of strategic business goals. Our Compensation Committee will further attempt to rationalize a particular executive s
compensation with that of other executive officers of our company in an effort to distribute compensation fairly among the executive
officers. Although the components of executive compensation (salary, bonus and incentive grants) will be reviewed separately, compensation
decisions will be made based on a review of total compensation. 

65 

Nominating
and Governance Committee 

Our
board of directors established our Nominating and Governance Committee effective January 22, 2018, appointing Messrs. Busuttil, Choy
and Lim as members, with Mr. Busuttil serving as chairman of this committee. On February 16, 2020, our board of directors voted to add
Mr. Akumiah to this committee. On October 4, 2021, Mr. Busuttil resigned from his positions as a member and chairman of the board of
directors (the Board of the Company. Messrs. Choy, Lim and Akumiah are the current members of the Compensation Committee
with Mr. Akumiah serves as the chairman. The Nominating and Governance Committee is structured as follows: The primary purposes of our
Nominating and Governance Committee are to (i) identify individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors and recommend
to our board of directors the nominees for the next annual meeting of our stockholders and candidates to fill vacancies on our board
of directors, (ii) recommend to our board of directors the directors to be appointed to committees of our board of directors and (iii)
oversee the effectiveness of our corporate governance in accordance with regulatory guidelines and any other guidelines we establish,
including evaluations of members of executive management, our board of directors and its committees. The role and responsibilities of
our Nominating and Governance Committee are more fully set forth in a written Charter adopted by our board of directors and made available
on our website at www.aerkomm.com. 

Our
Nominating and Governance Committee s methods for identifying candidates for election to our board of directors (other than those
proposed by our stockholders, as discussed below) includes the solicitation of ideas for possible candidates from a number of sources
- members of our board of directors, our executives, individuals personally known to the members of our board of directors, and other
researches. Our Nominating and Governance Committee may also, from time-to-time, retain one or more third-party search firms to identify
suitable candidates. 

A
stockholder of our company may nominate one or more persons for election as a director at an annual meeting of stockholders if the stockholder
complies with the notice, information and consent provisions contained in our Bylaws. In addition, the notice must be made in writing
and set forth as to each proposed nominee who is not an incumbent Director (i) their name, age, business address and, if known, residence
address, (ii) their principal occupation or employment, (iii) the number of shares of stock of our company beneficially owned, (iv) a
description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person pursuant to which the
nominations are to be made and (v) any other information concerning the nominee that must be disclosed respecting nominees in proxy solicitations
pursuant to Rule 14(a) of the Exchange Act. The recommendation should be addressed to our Secretary. 

Among
other matters, our governance and nominating committee will: 

Review the desired experience,
 mix of skills and other qualities to assure appropriate board composition, taking into account the current members of our board of
 directors and the specific needs of our company and our board of directors; 

Conduct candidate searches,
 interviews prospective candidates and conducts programs to introduce candidates to our management and operations, and confirms the
 appropriate level of interest of such candidates; 

Recommend qualified candidates
 who bring the background, knowledge, experience, independence, skill sets and expertise that would strengthen and increase the diversity
 of our board of directors; and 

Conduct appropriate inquiries
 into the background and qualifications of potential nominees. 

Regulatory,
Compliance Government Affairs Committee 

Our
regulatory, compliance government affairs committee currently consists of Messrs. Choy, Lim and Akumiah, with Mr. Akumiah serving
as chairman. Mr. Lim joined this committee on February 16, 2020. The primary purposes of our regulatory, compliance government affairs
committee are to assist our board of directors by providing oversight of regulatory, compliance and governmental matters that may impact
the Company, which including (i) overseeing our major compliance programs with respect to legal and regulatory requirements, except with
respect to matters of financial compliance, (ii) overseeing compliance with any ongoing Corporate Integrity Agreements or similar undertakings
by us with the U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other government agency, (iii) reviewing with
our Chief Compliance Officer the organization, implementation and effectiveness of our compliance programs and the adequacy of the resources
for those programs, (iv) reviewing with our Chief Executive Officer the organization, implementation and effectiveness of our quality
and compliance programs and the adequacy of the resources for those programs and (v) overseeing our exposure to risks relating to regulatory
compliance matters. The role and responsibilities of our regulatory, compliance government affairs committee are more fully set
forth in a written charter adopted by our board of directors on September 25, 2018, which is available on our website at www.aerkomm.com. 

66 

Stockholder
Communications with the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has established a process for stockholders to communicate with the board of directors or with individual directors.
Stockholders who wish to communicate with our board of directors or with individual directors should direct written correspondence to
our Corporate Secretary at Aerkomm Inc., 44043 Fremont Blvd., Fremont, CA 94538. 

The
Corporate Secretary will forward such communications to our board of directors or the specified individual director to whom the communication
is directed unless such communication is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly inappropriate, in which case the Corporate
Secretary has the authority to discard the communication or to take appropriate legal action regarding such communication. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. We have also adopted a code of professional conduct that applies specifically
to our chief executive officer and our senior financial officers. These codes address, among other things, honesty and ethical conduct,
conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal securities
laws, and reporting of violations of the codes. 

We
are required to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to use our
website as a method of disseminating this disclosure, as permitted by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to our
website within four business days following the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding common stock,
to file with the SEC, initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. Such persons are required
by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all such reports they file. 

To
our knowledge and except as otherwise indicated below, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us regarding
the filing of required reports, we believe that all Section 16(a) reports applicable to our directors, executive officers and greater-than-ten-percent
beneficial owners with respect to the reporting period ended December 31, 2022 were timely filed. One of our greater-than-ten-percent
beneficial owners may be late in filing a Form 5 update report. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary
Compensation Table - Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named persons
for services rendered in all capacities during the noted periods. No other executive officers received total annual salary and bonus
compensation in excess of 100,000. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Option 
Awards ) (1) 

All Other 
Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Louis Giordimaina, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 
 2022 

567,999 

460,157 

71,088 

1,099,244 

2021 

565,588 

547,601 

96,016 

1,209,205 

Georges Caldironi (4) 
 
 2022 

265,066 

522,000 

33,648 

820,714 

2021 

214,021 

26,238 

- 

240,259 

Jeffrey Wun, President and Chief Technology Officer (5) 
 
 2022 

192,301 

- 

- 

192,301 

2021 

160,000 

- 

- 

160,000 

Jan-Yung Lin, Secretary (6) 
 
 2022 

60,000 

- 

- 

60,000 

2021 

120,000 

- 

- 

120,000 

Y. Tristan Kuo, former CFO (3) 
 
 2022 

231,250 

- 

- 

231,500 

2021 

185,000 

- 

- 

185,000 

(1) 
 These amounts shown represent
 the aggregate grant date fair value for options granted to the named executive officers computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
 718. 

67 

(2) 
 Mr. Giordimaina,
 a former consultant to us, became a full-time employee on May 25, 2018 and was appointed, as of that date, Chief Operating Officer
 Aviation. On March 22, 2020, Mr. Giordimaina was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer. On August 29, 2022, Mr. Giordimaina
 was also appointed as our interim Chief Finance Officer. 

(3) 
 Mr. Kuo
 served as our Chief Financial Officer from April 10, 2017 to August 29, 2022. 

(4) 
 Mr. Caldironi, a former
 consultant to us, became a full-time employee and was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer on March 22, 2020. The option awards
 were granted to AA Twins, which is controlled by Mr. Caldironi, according to the consulting agreement. 

(5) 
 Mr. Wun has served as our
 President since December 31, 2017 and as our Chief Executive Officer from December 31, 2017 to March 22, 2020. He also currently
 serves as the Chief Technology Officer of Aircom and was appointed as our Chief Technology Officer on March 22, 2020. 

(6) 
 Mr. Lin
 resigned as a Director on May 5, 2023. 

Employment
Agreements 

Louis
Giordimaina 

Pursuant
to the terms of his employment agreement, we agreed to pay Mr. Giordimaina an annual salary of 540,000, or 567,999. A bonus will
be considered, comparable to those that may be offered to other executives once a satisfactory revenue stream is established at Aircom
as a result of Mr. Giordimaina s efforts. Mr. Giordimaina was granted options on 18,750 shares of common stock of the Company each
calendar quarter, at the prevailing market price on Euronext at the time of grant in accordance with the equity incentive plan of the
Company. These options will vest when issued. We will cover and pay any premium up to a maximum of 2,500, or 2,830, per annum
for any international private health insurance which Mr. Giordimaina may have in place from time to time covering Mr. Giordimaina and
his wife; we will pay Mr. Giordimaina the sum of 6,000, or 6,408, per year to any private pension fund scheme/s designated by
Mr. Giordimaina, we will pay Mr. Giordimaina 18,000, or 19,224, per annum as an allowance for a leased car and fuel expenses,
to be paid in equal monthly instalments, we will provide Mr. Giordimaina with a mobile telephone for his business use, as well as a lap
top computer and an iPad, and we will reimburse Mr. Giordimaina for all actual, necessary and reasonable expenses incurred by him in
the course of his performance of services for the Company. The employment agreement contains customary confidentiality provisions and
covenants prohibiting Mr. Giordimaina from competing with us during his employment, and from soliciting any of our employees or consultants
for a period of one year after his employment end. If Mr. Giordimaina s employment is terminated by us without cause, he shall
be entitled to one-half of his full salary for the remainder of the initial three-year term of his agreement. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Kuo, our former Chief Financial Officer, had options outstanding and exercisable for 196,350 and 196,350 shares of our common stock, at
an average exercise price of 11.51 and 11.51 per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Wun had options outstanding
and exercisable for 23,141 and 23,141 shares of our common stock at an average exercise price of 9.66 and 9.66 per share, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Mr. Giordimaina had options outstanding and exercisable for 366,099 and 291,099 shares
of our common stock at an average exercise price of 6.56 and 6.21 per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Caldironi had options
outstanding and exercisable for 99,676 and 24,676 shares of our common stock at an average exercise price of 8.91 and 8.82 per share,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Lin had options outstanding and exercisable for 19,605 and 19,605 shares of
our common stock at an average exercise price of 10.33 and 10.33 per share, respectively. 

68 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying 
 Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying 
 Unexercised Options (#) Un-exercisable 
 Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Louis
 Giordimaina 
 December
 31, 2022 
 18,750 
 - 
 - 
 4.26 
 12/01/2032 

December
 31, 2022 
 18,750 
 - 
 - 
 6.42 
 09/01/2032 

December
 31, 2022 
 18,750 
 - 
 - 
 8.94 
 06/01/2032 

December
 31, 2022 
 18,750 
 - 
 - 
 12.10 
 03/01/2032 

December
 31, 2022 
 18,750 
 - 
 - 
 2.72 
 12/01/2031 

December
 31, 2022 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.89 
 10/21/2031 

December
 31, 2022 
 18,750 
 - 
 - 
 4.12 
 09/01/2031 

December
 31, 2022 
 43,599 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2022 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.96 
 07/02/2029 

December
 31, 2022 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 20.50 
 05/25/2028 

December
 31, 2021 
 18,750 
 - 
 - 
 2.72 
 12/01/2031 

December
 31, 2021 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.89 
 10/21/2031 

December
 31, 2021 
 18,750 
 - 
 - 
 4.12 
 09/01/2031 

December
 31, 2021 
 43,599 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2021 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.96 
 07/02/2029 

December
 31, 2021 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 20.50 
 05/25/2028 
 
 Y.
 Tristan Kuo 
 December
 31, 2022 
 16,350 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2022 
 120,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.96 
 07/02/2029 

December
 31, 2022 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 27.50 
 06/23/2027 

December
 31, 2021 
 16,350 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2021 
 120,000 
 
 - 
 3.96 
 07/02/2029 

December
 31, 2021 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 27.50 
 06/23/2027 
 
 Georges
 Caldironi 
 December
 31, 2022 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 8.94 
 06/01/2032 

December
 31, 2022 
 2,000 
 - 
 - 
 9.90 
 12/31/2031 

December
 31, 2022 
 2,000 
 - 
 - 
 7.25 
 12/29/2030 

December
 31, 2022 
 18,676 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2022 
 2,000 
 - 
 - 
 14.20 
 02/29/2030 

December
 31, 2021 
 2,000 
 - 
 - 
 9.90 
 12/31/2031 

December
 31, 2021 
 2,000 
 - 
 - 
 7.25 
 12/29/2030 

December
 31, 2021 
 18,676 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2021 
 2,000 
 - 
 - 
 14.20 
 02/29/2030 
 
 Jeffrey
 Wun 
 December
 31, 2022 
 14,141 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2022 
 6,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.96 
 07/02/2029 

December
 31, 2022 
 3,000 
 - 
 - 
 27.50 
 06/23/2027 

December
 31, 2021 
 14,141 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2021 
 6,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.96 
 07/02/2029 

December
 31, 2021 
 3,000 
 - 
 - 
 27.50 
 06/23/2027 
 
 Jan-Yung
 Lin 
 December
 31, 2022 
 10,605 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2022 
 6,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.96 
 07/02/2029 

December
 31, 2022 
 3,000 
 - 
 - 
 30.25 
 06/23/2022 

December
 31, 2021 
 10,605 
 - 
 - 
 8.30 
 12/11/2030 

December
 31, 2021 
 6,000 
 - 
 - 
 3.96 
 07/02/2029 

December
 31, 2021 
 3,000 
 - 
 - 
 30.25 
 06/23/2022 

69 

Director
Compensation 

Directors
who are also our employees receive no separate compensation for serving as directors or as members of committees of our board of directors. 

We
have entered into independent director agreements with Richmond Akumiah, Raymond Choy and Colin Lim. Under the terms of these independent
director agreements, we have agreed to pay the independent directors an annual cash fee of 20,000, paid quarterly in four equal installments,
commencing in the first quarter following closing of our public offering, and an additional 5,000 cash compensation fee for serving
as board of directors committee chairmen. We commenced payment of these fees on September 30, 2018. 

Each
independent director received an initial, fully vested stock option to purchase 4,000 shares of our common stock. If the director is
still a member of the board of directors and continues to serve as a non-employee director immediately following each annual meeting
of our stockholders, the director will be automatically granted an additional option to purchase 4,000 shares of our common stock as
of the date of each such annual meeting. These additional option grants will vest and become exercisable in twelve (12) equal monthly
installments over the first year following the date of grant, subject to the director continuing in service on the board of directors
through each such vesting date. The per share exercise price of each option granted to the independent director will equal 100 of the
fair market value (as defined by the board of directors) of a share of our common stock on the date the option is granted, and the term
of each stock option granted to the director will be ten (10) years from the date of grant. 

We
purchased a Directors and Officers Liability Insurance with coverage up to an aggregate maximum of 3 million commencing promptly upon
the final closing of our prior public offering, and to reimburse the independent directors for pre-approved reasonable business expenses
incurred by them. In November 2019, with the approval of the board, we purchased a directors and officers liability insurance with 5
million coverage effective November 25, 2019. In November 2020, we renewed and increased the Directors and Officers Liability Insurance
with 10 million coverage effective November 25, 2020 and subsequently reduced the coverage to 6 million to conserve expenses. In December
2021, we decided not to renew this coverage, to further reduce our insurance expenses, and this policy has been terminated. 

70 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of May 15, 2023 (i) by each person who is
known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock; (ii) by each of our officers and directors; and (iii) by all of our
officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of our company,
44043 Fremont Blvd., Fremont, CA 94538. 

Name and
 Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Title
 of Class 
 Amount and 
 Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent
 of Class (2) 

Jeffrey Wun, Chairman,
 President and Chief Technology Officer (3) 
 Common Stock 
 819,348 
 8.07 

Louis Giordimaina, Chief Executive
 Officer and Director (4) 
 Common Stock 
 384,849 
 3.90 

Georges Caldironi, Chief Operating
 Officer (5) 
 Common Stock 
 99,676 
 1.01 

Richmond Akumiah, Director (6) 
 Common Stock 
 25,019 

Raymond Choy, Director (7) 
 Common Stock 
 31,875 

Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu, Director (8) 
 Common Stock 
 728,481 
 7.38 

Colin Lim, Director (9) 
 Common Stock 
 118,455 
 1.20 

Jan-Yung Lin, Secretary (10) 
 Common Stock 
 482,008 
 4.88 

Jeff T. C. Hsu, Director 
 Common Stock 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

All officers and directors
 as a group (11 persons named above) 
 Common Stock 
 3,881,249 
 39.33 

dMedia Inc (11) 
 Common Stock 
 2,237,428 
 22.67 

Sheng-Chun Chang (12) 
 Common Stock 
 1,397,909 
 14.16 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Beneficial Ownership is
 determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
 The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership
 within 60 days. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power with
 respect to the shares of our common stock. 

(2) 
 A total
 of 9,869,165 shares of our common stock are considered to be outstanding pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1) as of May 15, 2023. For
 each beneficial owner above, any options exercisable within 60 days have been included in the denominator. 

(3) 
 Includes (i) 447,486 shares
 of our common stock held directly; (ii) 23,141 shares of our common stock which Mr. Wun has the right to acquire within 60 days through
 the exercise of vested options; and (iii) 2,237,428 shares of our common stock owned by Dmedia Holding LP. Through his ownership
 interest in Dmedia Holding LP, Mr. Wun indirectly beneficially owns 348,721 shares of our common stock held by Dmedia Holding LP.
 Mr. Wun disclaims beneficial ownership of the remaining 1,888,707 shares of our common stock held by Dmedia Holding LP. 

(4) 
 Consists of 384,849 shares
 of our common stock which Mr. Giordimaina has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options. 

(5) 
 Consists of 18,676 shares
 held directly and 6,000 shares of common stock which AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise
 of vested options. Mr. Caldironi is the principal of AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD and has voting and dispositive control of the securities
 held by AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD. 

(6) 
 Consists of 25,019 shares
 of our common stock which Mr. Akumiah has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options but does not
 include 334 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options not exercisable within 60 days. 

(7) 
 Consists of 31,875 shares
 of our common stock which Mr. Choy has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options but does not include
 1,334 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options not exercisable within 60 days. 

71 

(8) 
 Represents (i) 3,312 shares
 of our common stock held directly by Mr. Hsu and (ii) 28,000 shares of our common stock which Mr. Hsu has the right to acquire within
 60 days through the exercise of vested options (iii) 2,237,428 shares of our common stock owned by Dmedia Holding LP. Through his
 ownership interest in in Dmedia Holding LP, Mr. Hsu indirectly beneficially owns 697,169 shares of our common stock held by Dmedia
 Holding LP. Mr. Hsu disclaims beneficial ownership of the remaining 1,540,259 shares of our common stock held by Dmedia Holding
 LP. 

(9) 
 Consists of 118,455 shares
 of our common stock which Mr. Lim has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options but does not include
 1,334 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options not exercisable within 60 days. 

(10) 
 Includes 462,403 shares
 of our common stock owned by Mr. Lin directly and 19,605 shares of our common stock which Mr. Lin has the right to acquire within
 60 days through the exercise of vested options. Does not include 348,731 shares of our common stock owned by Mr. Lin through his
 approximately 15.57 ownership interest in Dmedia Holding LP, as Mr. Lin does not, directly or indirectly, have voting or dispositive
 power over these shares although he does own a pecuniary interest in them. 

(11) 
 dMedia
 Inc. (formerly named dMedia Holding LP) was changed to C Corporation in 2022. Therefore, it is no longer that Mr. Wun has sole voting
 and dispositive power over these shares of our common stock. 

(12) 
 Consists of (i) 881,500
 shares of common stock held by Well Thrive Limited; (ii) 293,281 shares of our common stock owned directly by Mr. Sheng-Chun Chang;
 and (iii) 72,752 of our common stock which Mr. Chang has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested warrants
 (but does not include 451,127 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants not exercisable within 60 days).
 Mr. Chang is the Chief Executive Officer and owner of Well Thrive Limited and has voting and dispositive power of the securities
 held by it. Mr. Chang disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by Well Thrive Limited. The address of Well Thrive Limited
 is No 79, Heng Yang Road, Taipei City, Taiwan. 

Changes
in Control 

We
do not currently have any arrangements which if consummated may result in a change of control of our company. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth certain information about the securities authorized for issuance under our incentive plans as of December
31, 2022. 

Plan category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- 
 average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved
 by security holders 
 1,970,368 
 9.9724 
 1,004,504 
 
 Equity compensation
 plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,970,368 
 9.9724 
 1,004,504 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

On
May 5, 2017, we established our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan the Plan ). The Plan was approved by our board of directors
on May 5, 2017, and an amendment to increase the number of shares of our common stock available for grant under the Plan was approved
by the board of directors on June 26, 2017. The Plan was approved by our stockholders at our annual meeting in 2018. The purpose of the
Plan is to grant stock and options to purchase our common stock to our employees, directors and key consultants. The maximum number of
shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the Plan, as amended, is 2,000,000 shares. On October 21,
2021, the Board of Directors voted to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan
to 2,400,000 shares. Cancelled and forfeited stock options and stock awards may again become available for grant under the Plan. There
were 1,004,504 shares available for grant under the Plan as of Dec 31, 2022; 1,391,5509 shares of our common stock are issuable upon
the exercise of options to be issued under the Plan to holders of Aircom options assumed by us as a result of the closing of the reverse
acquisition with Aircom; and options exercisable for 1,279,688 shares of our common stock have been approved by our board of directors
for grants to certain of our officers, directors, employees and service providers. 

72 

The
following summary briefly describes the principal features of the Plan and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Plan. 

Administration .
The Plan is administered by our Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee has the authority to select the eligible participants
to whom awards will be granted, to determine the types of awards and the number of shares covered and to set the terms, conditions and
provisions of such awards, to cancel or suspend awards under certain conditions, and to accelerate the exercisability of awards. Our
Compensation Committee is authorized to interpret the Plan, to establish, amend, and rescind any rules and regulations relating to the
Plan, to determine the terms of agreements entered into with recipients under the Plan, and to make all other determinations that may
be necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. 

Eligibility .
All employees, directors and individuals providing services to our company or its subsidiaries are eligible to participate in the Plan. 

Shares
Subject to Plan . The number of shares of common stock that is available for grant of awards under the Plan, as amended, is 2,000,000
shares. 

Stock
Option and SAR Grants . The exercise price per share of common stock purchasable under any stock option or stock appreciation right,
or SAR, will be determined by our Compensation Committee, but cannot in any event be less than 100 of the fair market value of our common
stock on the date the option is granted. Our Compensation Committee will determine the term of each stock option or SAR (subject to a
maximum of 10 years) and each stock option or SAR will be exercisable pursuant to a vesting schedule determined by our Compensation Committee.
The grants and the terms of incentive stock options, or ISOs, shall be restricted to the extent required for qualification as ISOs by
the Internal Revenue Code, or the Code. Subject to approval of our Compensation Committee, stock options or SARs may be exercised by
payment of the exercise price in cash, shares of our common stock, which have been held for at least six months, or pursuant to a cashless
exercise through a broker-dealer under an arrangement approved by us. We may require the grantee to pay to us any applicable withholding
taxes that we are required to withhold with respect to the grant or exercise of any award. The withholding tax may be paid in cash or,
subject to applicable law, our Compensation Committee may permit the grantee to satisfy such obligations by the withholding or delivery
of shares of our common stock. We may withhold from any shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to a stock option or SAR or from
any cash amounts otherwise due from us to the recipient of the award an amount equal to such taxes. 

Stock
Grants . Shares may be sold or awarded for consideration and with or without restriction as determined by the Compensation Committee,
including cash, full-recourse promissory notes, as well as past and future services. Any award of shares will be subject to the vesting
schedule, if any, determined by the Compensation Committee. In general, holders of shares sold or awarded under the Plan will have the
same voting, dividend and other rights as our other stockholders. As a condition to the purchase of shares under the Plan, the purchaser
will make such arrangements as our Compensation Committee may require for the satisfaction of any federal, state, local or foreign withholding
tax obligations that may arise in connection with such purchase. 

Adjustments .
In the event of any change affecting the shares of our common stock by reason of any stock dividend or split, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distribution to stockholders other
than cash dividends, our board of directors will make such substitution or adjustment in the aggregate number of shares that may be distributed
under the Plan and in the number and option price (or exercise or purchase price, if applicable) as it deems to be appropriate in order
to maintain the purpose of the original grant. 

Termination
of Service . If a participant s service to our company terminates on account of death or disability, then the participant s
unexercised options, if exercisable immediately before the participant s death, disability or retirement, may be exercised in whole
or in part, on the earlier of the date on which such stock option would otherwise expire or one year after the event. If a participant s
service to us terminates for any other reason, then the participant s unexercised options, to the extent exercisable immediately
before such termination, will remain exercisable, and may be exercised in whole or in part, for a period ending on the earlier of the
date on which such stock option would otherwise expire or three months after such termination of service. 

Amendment
and Termination . Our board of directors may, at any time, alter, amend, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan; provided that
such action shall not adversely affect the right of grantees to stock awards or stock options previously granted and no amendment, without
the approval of our stockholders, shall increase the maximum number of shares which may be awarded under the Plan in the aggregate, materially
increase the benefits accruing to grantees under the Plan, change the class of employees eligible to receive options under the Plan,
or materially modify the eligibility requirements for participation in the Plan. 

73 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of the 2021 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which
we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of
our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest (other than compensation described under Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms obtained or consideration
that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the
amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

Our
board of directors conducts an appropriate review of and oversees all related party transactions on a continuing basis and reviews potential
conflict of interest situations where appropriate. Our board of directors has not adopted formal standards to apply when it reviews,
approves or ratifies any related party transaction. However, our board of directors generally reviews related party transactions to ensure
that they are fair and reasonable to our company and on terms comparable to those reasonably expected to be agreed to with independent
third parties for the same goods and/or services at the time they are authorized by our board of directors. 

In
May 2019, two of our shareholders (the Lenders each committed to provide to us a 10 million bridge loan (together, the
 Loans for an aggregate principal amount of 20 million, to bridge our cash flow needs prior to its obtaining a mortgage
loan to be secured by a parcel of land (the Land we purchased in Taiwan. The Lenders also initially agreed to an earlier
closing of up to 25 of the principal amounts of the Loans upon our request prior to the time that title to the Land is vested in the
subsidiary, Aerkomm Taiwan, to pay the outstanding payable to our vendors. On April 25, 2022, the Lenders further amended the commitment
and agreed to increase the percentage of earlier closing amount from 25 to 100 . As of May 15, 2023, we have borrowed approximately
 190,000 (NTD 5,640,000) under the Loans from one of the Lenders. 

On
May 11, 2020, Aircom entered into a binding product purchase agreement with Ejectt (formerly known as Yuanjiu) for the purchase of 100
sets of the AERKOMM K++, AirCinema Cube for installation on the aircraft of Hong Kong Airlines. The total purchase amount under
this agreement was 1,807,100 and the Company has paid 20 of the total amount, or US 180,710, as an initial deposit. On July 15,
2020, Aircom signed a second product purchase agreement with Ejectt for an additional 100 sets of the AirCinema Cube for the same purchase
amount and paid an additional 10 initial deposit 180,710) on this agreement as well. Additionally, on December 3, 2020, we made a
prepayment to three individuals to purchase from them an aggregate of 6,000,000 restricted shares of Ejectt, for business purposes in
Taiwan relating to local operations. This purchase resulted in our owning approximately 10 of Ejectt. Albert Hsu, a member of our board
of directors, is the Chairman of Ejectt. In the Stock Purchase Agreement, there was a restriction on the stock title transfer until May
13, 2021. On August 12, 2021, this restriction on the stock transfer was released and the stock title transfer process has been completed.
On March 24, 2021, we purchased additional 2,000 shares of Ejectt s common stock for a total amount of 1,392) from a related party.
As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, this investment totaled approximately a 10 ownership of Ejectt. 

On December 29, 2022, Aerkomm, Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu Mr. Hsu ),
a director of our Company, and dMobile System Co., Ltd. (the Buyer entered into an equity sales contract (the Equity
Sales Contract ). Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Sales Contract, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibits 10.71 and 10.72,
(i) the Company sold a majority interest consisting of 25,500,000 shares (the Shares of Aerkomm Taiwan Inc., the Company s
then wholly-owned subsidiary Aerkomm Taiwan ), to the Buyer for NT 255,000,000 (approximately US 8,300,000) and
(ii) the Buyer is required to pay the full amount to Aerkomm within 180 days of signing the Equity Sales Contract. If the Buyer fails
to make the payment, Aerkomm has the right to claim breach of contract, and Mr. Hsu, pursuant to a related pledge agreement (Exhibits
10.73 and 10.74) and trust agreement (Exhibits 10.75 and 10.76) will execute the rights
under the instructions from the seller pursuant to the Pledge Agreement (as defined below). For purposes of these agreements, the
parties have agreed to be bound by the laws of the Republic of China and agree that the Taipei District Court in Taiwan is the court of
jurisdiction for initial trial. 

The Buyer and Mr. Hsu have entered into a pledge
agreement (the Pledge Agreement on the same day to establish a security interest on the Shares as collateral to ensure
payment of the full purchase price to Aerkomm and to fulfill obligations under the Equity Sales Contract. Pursuant to the terms of the
Pledge Agreement, the security interest guarantees the creditor s rights of Aerkomm, including compensation for damages, interest,
delayed interest, fees related to breach of contract, and costs of preserving the collateral. The Buyer agrees to transfer the collateral
to Mr. Hsu and to notify Aerkomm of the relevant information to register the pledge. Mr. Hsu may cancel the security interest after the
Buyer pays the full purchase price to Aerkomm. The Buyer guarantees legal ownership of the collateral and agrees to fulfill the contract
within a reasonable time period if there is any violation. Mr. Hsu may exercise his rights under
the instruction from Aerkomm under the Pledge Agreement if the Buyer fails to make full payment. Additionally, Aerkomm may claim
compensation for breach of the Equity Sales Contract. The Buyer cannot transfer, burden, or dispose of the collateral without written
consent from Aerkomm or Mr. Hsu. The Buyer must deliver all derivative income from the collateral to Mr. Hsu. 

On
the same day, the Aerkomm and Mr. Hsu entered into an trust agreement (the Trust Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the
Trust Agreement, (i) Aerkomm will sell the Shares of Aerkomm Taiwan to the Buyer and (ii) to guarantee that the Buyer pays the full purchase
price and fulfills its contractual obligations, the Buyer will pledge the Shares to Aerkomm s designated trustee, Mr. Hsu. Aerkomm
transferred the collateral, the Shares, to the Buyer within three (3) days after signing the Equity Sales Contract, and the Buyer also
simultaneously established a NT 255,000,000 pledge on the Shares. After the Buyer pays the full purchase price to Aerkomm, Mr. Hsu will
release the security interest. If the Buyer fails to pay the total purchase price, Mr. Hsu may exercise his right under the Pledge Agreement
and Aerkomm may claim compensation for breach of contract. 

74 

The
 Buyer, dMobile System Co., Ltd., is a Taiwan based company owned by Sheng-Chun Chang, a more
 than 10 equity owner of Aerkomm. 

The
purpose of this transaction was to allow Aerkomm Taiwan to apply for a telecommunications license in Taiwan, which are only granted to
Taiwanese majority owned companies. 

The
description above does not provide all of the terms and details of the Equity Sales Contract, Pledge Agreement and Entrustment Agreement,
which documents are attached hereto as exhibits (originals in Mandarin and unofficial copies in English) and incorporated herein by reference. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has determined that Raymond Choy, Colin Lim and Richard Akumiah are independent directors as that term is defined
in the applicable rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent
Auditors Fees 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to the Company for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 140,000 
 140,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 35,000 
 35,000 
 
 All Other Fees 
 40,000 
 40,000 
 
 TOTAL 
 365,000 
 365,000 

Audit
Fees consisted of fees billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial
statements and review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K and 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagement. 

Audit-Related
Fees consisted of fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that were reasonably related to the
performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under the paragraph captioned Audit Fees 
above. 

Tax
Fees consisted of fees billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax returns preparation. 

All
Other Fees consisted of fees billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported
above under other captions of this Item 14. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit and non-audit services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our board of
directors to assure that such services do not impair the auditors independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures,
our board of directors pre-approved the audit service performed by WWC, P.C. for our financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

75 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 List of Documents
 Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1) 
 Index to Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Balance
 Sheets 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements 
 F-10 

(2) 
 Index to Financial Statement
 Schedules: 

All
schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto, or because
it is not required. 

(3) 
 Index to Exhibits: 

See exhibits
listed under Part (b) below. 

(b) 
 Exhibits: 

Exhibit
No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated September 26, 2013, between Aerkomm Inc. and Maple Tree Kids LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 5, 2013) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Form
of Share Exchange Agreement, dated February 13, 2017, among Aerkomm Inc., Aircom Pacific, Inc. and the shareholders of Aircom Pacific,
Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2017) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2019) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
of Underwriter Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on
February 2, 2018) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Convertible
Bond dated December 7, 2022 issued to World Praise Limited (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form
of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed
on March 30, 2018) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2017) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Stock
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2016, among Irina Goldman, Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Aerkomm Inc. (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2016) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Stock
Purchase Agreement, dated May 15, 2015, between Chi Kong Wu and Aircom Pacific, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Agreement
for the Purchase and Sale of Shares, dated December 12, 2016, between Capricorn Union Limited and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 29, 2017) 
 
 10.6 
 
 SKY
Perfect JSAT Master Service Agreement, dated March 15, 2017, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 2, 2018) 

76 

10.7 
 
 Digital
Transmission Service Agreement, dated July 25, 2015, between Asia Satellite Telecommunications Company Limited and Aircom Pacific, Inc.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Statement
of Work, dated January 15, 2015, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and dMobile System Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Purchase
Agreement for Ground Station Equipment, dated as of October 15, 2014, between dMobile System Co., Ltd. and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Settlement
Agreement and Mutual Release, dated March 31, 2017, among Aerkomm Inc., Aircom Pacific, Inc. and dMobile System Co. Ltd. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2017) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Development
Agreement, dated February 10, 2015, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to
the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.12 
 
 First
Amendment to Development Agreement, dated July 17, 2015, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Second
Amendment to Development Agreement, dated August 18, 2015, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Settlement
Agreement and Mutual Release, dated March 31, 2017, among Aerkomm Inc., Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay.com, Inc. (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2017) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Settlement
Agreement and Mutual Release, dated March 31, 2017, among Aerkomm Inc., Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay Taiwan Inc. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2017) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Purchase
Agreement for Ground Station Equipment, dated as of December 15, 2015, between Blue Topaz Consultants, Ltd. and Aircom Pacific, Inc.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Purchase
Agreement for Aircom Onboard Equipment, dated as of March 9, 2015, between LUXE Electric Co., Ltd. and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Strategic
Cooperation Framework Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Guang Dong Tengnan Internet Information Technology Co.,
Ltd. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2018) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Strategic
Cooperation Framework Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Guang Dong Tengnan Internet Information Technology Co.,
Ltd. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25,
2018) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Cooperation
Framework Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Shenzhen Yihe Culture Media Co., Ltd. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2018) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Cooperation
Framework Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Shenzhen Yihe Culture Media Co., Ltd. (Unofficial English Translation)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2018) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Letter
of Commitment, dated May 1, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Metro Investment Group Limited (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2018) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Letter
of Commitment, dated May 1, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Metro Investment Group Limited (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2018) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Real
Estate Sales Contract, dated July 10, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Official
Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2018) 

77 

10.25 
 
 Real
Estate Sales Contract, dated July 10, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial
English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2018) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Amendment
No. 1 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated July 30, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30,
2018) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Amendment
No. 1 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated July 30, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July
30, 2018) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Amendment
No. 2 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated September 4, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September
5, 2018) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Amendment
No. 2 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated September 4, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September
5, 2018) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Amendment
No. 3 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated November 2, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
5, 2018) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Amendment
No. 3 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated November 2, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
5, 2018) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Amendment
No. 4 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated January 3, 2019, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
15, 2019) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Amendment
No. 4 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated January 3, 2019, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
15, 2019) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Agreement,
dated November 29, 2018, between Airbus SAS and Aircom Pacific, Inc. for AERKOMM K++ Band System Certification and Installation (Confidential
Treatment has been Requested) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2018) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Product
Purchase Agreement, dated November 30, 2018, between Republic Engineers Pte. Ltd. and Aircom Telecom LLC (Confidential Treatment has
been Requested) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2018) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Standard
Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease, dated April 26, 2016, between Global Venture Development, LLC and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Consulting
Agreement, dated November 15, 2017, between Aerkomm Inc. and Integra Consulting Group, LLC, as supplemented (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 20, 2017) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Reserved 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form
of Independent Director Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A
filed on February 2, 2018) 
 
 10.40 
 
 General
Terms Agreement between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and MJet GMBH dated March 6, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2019) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Loan
Commitment by and between Aerkomm Inc. and the Lenders, dated May 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2019) 
 
 10.41a 
 
 Loan
Commitment Amendment by and between Aerkomm Inc. and the Lenders, dated May 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2a to the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2019) 
 
 10.41b 
 
 Amendment
No 2 to Loan Commitment Amendment by and between Aerkomm Inc. and the Lenders, dated April 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 22, 2022) 

78 

10.42 
 
 Letter
of Commitment No. 1 by and between Aerkomm Inc., Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. and Metro Investment Group Limited dated May 9, 2019 (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2019) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Employment
Agreement dated May 25, 2018 by and between Louis Giordimaina and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to
the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Independent
Contractor Agreement dated January 2, 2019 by and between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.46 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Letter
of Undertaking dated July 16, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2019) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Definitive
Agreement between the Registrant and MJet GMBH dated June 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2019 
 
 10.47 
 
 Consultant
Agreement dated February 16, 2020 be and between the Registrant and Daniel Shih. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2020) 
 
 10.48 
 
 Lease
Memorandum of Understanding dated May 1, 2018 by and between the Registrant and Golden Plate Limited (Official Chinese Version) (Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2018) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Lease
Memorandum of Understanding dated May 1, 2018 by and between the Registrant and Golden Plate Limited (Unofficial English Translation)
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2018) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Liquidity
Contract dated September 9, 2019 by and between the Registrant and Invest Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the
Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 29, 2020) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Loan
Agreement by and between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Well Thrive Limited (Original) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 7, 2020) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Loan
Agreement by and between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Well Thrive Limited (English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1a
to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 7, 2020) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Unsecured
Loan Agreement by and between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and EESquare Superstore Corp. dated April 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 7, 2020) 
 
 10.54 
 
 In-flight
Entertainment Equipment Purchase Agreement by and between Yuanjiu Inc. and Aircom Telecom, LLC dated May 11, 2020 (Chinese Original)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 21, 2020) 
 
 10.55 
 
 In-flight
Entertainment Equipment Purchase Agreement by and between Yuanjiu Inc. and Aircom Telecom, LLC dated May 11, 2020 (English Translation)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 21, 2020) 
 
 10.56 
 
 In-flight
Entertainment Equipment Purchase Agreement by and between Yuanjiu Inc. and Aircom Telecom, LLC dated July 15, 2020 (Chinese Original)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 21, 2020) 
 
 10.57 
 
 In-flight
Entertainment Equipment Purchase Agreement by and between Yuanjiu Inc. and Aircom Telecom, LLC dated July 15, 2020 (English Translation)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 21, 2020) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Amendment
No. 5 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated November 10, 2020, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Official Document) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Amendment
No. 5 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated November 10, 2020, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm
Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
13, 2020) 
 
 10.60 
 
 Purchase
Agreement dated November 27, 2020 by and between Aerkomm, Inc. and Yuanta Securities (Hong Kong) Co. Limited (Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2020) 

79 

10.61 
 
 Credit
Enhanced Bonds Indenture Dated December 2, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
December 4, 2020) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Coupon
Bonds Indenture dated December 2, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December
4, 2020) 
 
 10.63 
 
 Guarantee
Agreement by the Company and Bank of Panhsin Co., Ltd. Dated December 2, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2020) 
 
 10.64 
 
 Joint
Venture Agreement between the Company and Sakai Display Products Corporation dated January 10, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2022) 
 
 10.65 
 
 Independent
Contractor Agreement with Y. Tristan Kuo dated August 29, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form
8-K filed on August 30, 2022) 
 
 10.66 
 
 Stock
Purchase Agreement dated September 4, 2022 by and between Aerkomm Inc. and Sakai Display Products Corporation (Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 20, 2022) 
 
 10.67 
 
 Subscription
Agreement dated June 28, 2022 between the Registrant and the Investor referenced therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 20, 2022) 
 
 10.68 
 
 Subscription Agreement dated September 14, 2022 between the Registrant and the Investor referenced therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 20, 2022) 
 
 10.69 
 
 Subscription
Agreement dated September 14, 2022 between the Registrant and the Investor referenced therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5
to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 20, 2022) 
 
 10.70 
 
 Investment
Conversion and Bond Purchase Agreement dated December 7, 2022 by and between Aerkomm Inc. and World Praise Limited (Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2022) 
 
 10.71 
 
 Equity
Sales Agreement dated December 29, 2022 by and between Aerkomm Inc. and dMobile System Co., Ltd. (Official Agreement) 
 
 10.72 
 
 Equity
Sales Agreement dated December 29, 2022 by and between Aerkomm Inc. and dMobile System Co., Ltd. (Unofficial English Translation) 
 
 10.73 
 
 Equity
Pledge Agreement dated December 29, 2022 by and between Aerkomm Inc. and dMobile System Co., Ltd. (Official Agreement) 
 
 10.74 
 
 Equity
Pledge Agreement dated December 29, 2022 by and between Aerkomm Inc. and dMobile System Co., Ltd. (Unofficial English Translation) 
 
 10.75 
 
 Trust
Agreement dated December 29, 2022 by and between Aerkomm Inc. and dMobile System Co., Ltd. (Official Agreement) 
 
 10.76 
 
 Trust
Agreement dated December 29, 2022 by and between Aerkomm Inc. and dMobile System Co., Ltd. (Unofficial English Translation) 
 
 10.77 
 
 Nonbinding Cooperation Agreement between New Sky Satellites B.V. (SES) and Aerkomm Inc. dated January 10, 2022 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Transition Report on Form 10-KT filed on April 30, 2018) 
 
 14.2 
 
 Code
of Professional Conduct for Chief Executive and Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.2 to the Transition
Report on Form 10-KT filed on April 30, 2018) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List
of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Transition Report on Form 10-KT filed on April 1, 2019) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Taiwan MODA Satellite License (Original) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Taiwan MODA Satellite License (Unofficial English Translation) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Taiwan National Communications Commission License (Original) 
 
 99.4 
 
 Taiwan National Communications Commission License (Unofficial English Translation) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Executive Compensation
 Plan or Agreement 

80 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Audited Consolidated Financial
 Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Balance
 Sheets 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements 
 F-10 

F- 1 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To: 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Aerkomm Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Aerkomm, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, audits of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal controls over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 3 

Prepaid expenses 

We assessed the valuation, and disclosure of the
prepaid expenses as a critical audit matter. As discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022,
the Company s total of prepaid expenses totaled 8.026 million which was quantitatively material to the financial statements as
a whole, and the account required challenging, subjective, and complex judgment and assumptions regarding the estimation of future cash
flows derived from successfully completing projects related to the Company s new products. 

Our principal audit procedures performed to address
the recoverability and carrying value of the prepaid expenses and related impairment, if any, included the following: 

Vouch payments to corroborate the existence of
 the asset 
 
 Perform independent confirmation of the status
 of projects with outside parties 
 
 Enquire of management of the status of certain
 projects 
 
 Reviewed management s forecast based on
 the progress of projects 

The accounts relevant to this critical audit matter
include the value of the prepaid expense and related impairment expense, if any, and the related disclosure in the accompanying notes
to the financial statements. 

Prepayments for Land 

We assessed the existence, rights, valuation,
and disclosure of the prepayments for land as a critical audit matter. As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements,
as of December 31, 2022, the Company s total of prepayments for land was 34 million which was quantitatively material to the financial
statements as a whole, and the account required challenging, subjective and complex judgment and assumptions regarding the estimation
of its future cash flows to determine that the balance is reasonable and not materially misstated. 

Our principal audit procedures performed to address
the carrying value of the prepayments for land and related the impairment, if any, included the following: 

Vouch payments to corroborate the existence of
 the asset 
 
 Perform independent confirmation to verify the
 rights and further corroborate the existence over the land 
 
 Reviewed and valuation reports regarding the land 
 
 Performed independent research on the value of
 the land which including research of the relevant laws 
 
 and regulations that govern the piece of land
 related to the prepayments 
 
 Reviewed management s forecast regarding
 the use of the land and how it is expected to help generate cash flows for the Company; this included reviewing assumptions and variables
 within management s forecasts 

The accounts relevant to this critical audit matter
include the gross value of the prepayments for land and impairment expense, if any, and the related disclosure in the accompanying notes
to the financial statements. 

F- 4 

Goodwill 

We assessed the valuation, and disclosure of goodwill
as a critical audit matter. As discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
goodwill was 4.561 million which was quantitatively material to the financial statements as a whole, and the account required challenging,
subjective and complex judgment and assumptions regarding the estimation of future cash flows derived from business acquired at a premium. 

Our principal audit procedures performed to address
the carrying value of the goodwill and related impairment, if any, included the following: 

Gain an understanding of management s methodology
 and model to assessing its goodwill 
 
 Review the underlying logic and reasonableness
 of management model 
 
 Assess and test the assumptions and inputs that
 comprise management s model 

The accounts relevant to this critical audit matter
include the value of the goodwill and related impairment expense, if any, and the related disclosure in the accompanying notes to the
financial statements. 

Convertible bonds and convertible notes 

We assessed the carrying value and disclosure
of convertible bonds and convertible notes as a critical audit matter. As discussed in Note 14 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements,
as of December 31, 2022, the Company s convertible bonds and convertible notes were 9.137 million and 23.173 million, respectively
which were quantitatively material to the financial statements as a whole, and the account required challenging, subjective and complex
judgment and assumptions regarding valuation and allocation of discounts result from original issuance discounts or discounts arising
from embedded derivatives. 

Our principal audit procedures performed to address
the carrying value arising from the allocation of debt discounts and related debt discount amortization, if any, included the following: 

Gain an understanding of management s methodology
 and model to bifurcate and fair value allocate original issuance discounts and discounts arising from embedded derivatives. 
 
 Review the appropriateness of the financial models
 employed to value embedded derivatives. 
 
 Vouched the inputs and assessed the assumptions
 of the financial models. 
 
 Reperform the calculation of the fair value financial
 models 
 
 Review the accounting entries and accretion tables
 to determine that modeled information has been properly recorded to the Company s books. 

The accounts relevant to this critical audit matter
include the carrying value of the convertible bonds and convertible notes and related debt discount amortization expense, if any, and
the related disclosure in the accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

/s/ WWC, P.C. 

PCAOB ID: 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2022. 

July 6, 2023 

F- 5 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Short-term investment 

Account receivable 
 related party 
 - 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivable 
 related parties 

Other receivable 
 others 

Other
 current assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Long-term investment 

Property and Equipment, net 

Cost 

Accumulated
 depreciation 

Prepayment for land 

Prepayment
 for equipment 

Net
 Property and Equipment 

Other Assets 

Restricted cash 

Intangible asset, net 

Goodwill 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Deposits 

Total
 Other Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Short-term loan 
 related party 

Short-term loan 
 others 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other payable related
 parties 

Other payable others 

Prepayment from customer
 related party 
 
 - 
 
 Long-term loan current 

Lease liability current
 related party 
 - 

Lease
 liability current others 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities 

Convertible long-term bonds
 payable 

Convertible long-term note
 payable 
 
 - 
 
 Long-term loan non-current 

Prepayments from customer
 non-current 

Lease liability non-current
 related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 Lease liability non-current
 others 

Restricted
 stock deposit liability 

Total
 Long-term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares (excluding unvested restricted shares) issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares (excluding unvested restricted shares) issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficits 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and
 Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Sales related party 
 - 

Sales - others 
 - 

Total Sales 
 - 

Cost of goods sold related party 
 - 

Cost of goods sold -
 others 
 - 

Total Cost of Goods
 Sold 
 - 

Gross Margin 
 - 

Operating
 Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Non-Operating Income (Loss) 

Unrealized investment gain
 (loss) 

Foreign currency exchange
 gain 

Other income 

Bond issuance cost 

Impairment loss 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other
 gain (loss), net 

Net Non-Operating Income
 (Loss) 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Income Tax Expense 

Net Loss 

Other Comprehensive Loss 

Change
 in foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

Net Loss Per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated 
 Other Comprehensive 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficits 
 Loss 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as
 of January 1, 2021 

Issuance
 of common stock 

- 
 - 

Stock
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of stock warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss
 for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31,
 2021 

Issuance
 of common stock 

- 
 - 

Stock
 compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Revaluation
 of stock warrant 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss
 for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022
 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used for operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Consulting
 expense adjustment from change in fair value of warrants 
 - 

Unrealized
 (gains) losses on trading security 

Amortization
 of bonds issuance costs 

Gain
 on disposal of property and equipment 
 - 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 
 - 

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivable - related
 parties 

Other receivable - others 

Other current assets 

Deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Prepayment from customer
 related party 
 
 - 
 
 Other payable - related
 parties 

Other payable - others 

Operating
 lease liability 

Net
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Proceeds from disposal
 of short-term investment 

Proceeds from disposal
 of property and equipment 
 - 

Purchase of property and
 equipment 

Purchase of long-term investment 

Purchase of short-term
 investment 

Net
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from (repayment
 of) short-term loan 

Proceeds from convertible
 long-term note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance
 of common stock 
 - 

Repayment of long-term
 loan 

Finance
 lease liability 

Net
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Restricted
 Cash 

Cash and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Year 

Foreign Currency Translation
 Effect on Cash and Restricted Cash 

Cash and Restricted Cash,
 End of Year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Total 

Cash paid during the year
 for income taxes 

Cash paid during the year
 for interest 

Non-cash operating, investing
 and financing activities: 

Other
 payable transferred to common stock 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

of Aerkomm s issued and outstanding
common stock as of the closing date of purchase. As a result of the transaction, Aircom became the controlling shareholder of Aerkomm.
Aircom was incorporated on September 29, 2014 under the laws of the State of California. 

On
February 13, 2017, Aerkomm entered into a share exchange agreement Exchange Agreement with Aircom and its shareholders,
pursuant to which Aerkomm acquired of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Aircom in exchange for approximately of
the issued and outstanding capital stock of Aerkomm. As a result of the share exchange, Aircom became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aerkomm,
and the former shareholders of Aircom became the holders of approximately of Aerkomm s issued and outstanding capital stock. 

On
December 31, 2014, Aircom acquired a newly incorporated subsidiary, Aircom Pacific Ltd. Aircom Seychelles ), a corporation
formed under the laws of the Republic of Seychelles. On November 8, 2021, Aircom Seychelles changed its name to Aerkomm SY Ltd. Aerkomm
SY and the ownership was transferred from Aircom to Aerkomm. Aerkomm SY was formed to facilitate Aircom s global corporate
structure for both business operations and tax planning. Presently, Aerkomm SY has no operations. Aerkomm is working with corporate and
tax advisers in finalizing its global corporate structure and has not yet concluded its final plan. 

On
October 17, 2016, Aircom acquired a wholly owned subsidiary, Aircom Pacific Inc. Limited Aircom HK ), a corporation formed
under the laws of Hong Kong. On November 8, 2021, Aircom HK changed its name to Aerkomm Hong Kong Limited Aerkomm HK and its ownership was transferred from Aircom to Aerkomm. The purpose of Aerkomm HK is to conduct Aircom s business and operations
in Hong Kong. Presently, its primary function is business development, both with respect to airlines as well as content providers and
advertisement partners based in Hong Kong. Aerkomm HK is also actively seeking strategic partnerships whom Aerkomm may leverage in order
to provide more and better services to its customers. Aerkomm also plans to provide local supports to Hong Kong-based airlines via Aerkomm
HK and teleports located in Hong Kong. 

On
December 15, 2016, Aircom acquired a wholly owned subsidiary, Aircom Japan, Inc. Aircom Japan ), a corporation formed under
the laws of Japan. On November 9, 2021, Aircom Japan changed its name to Aerkomm Japan, Inc. Aerkomm Japan and its ownership
was transferred from Aircom to Aerkomm. The purpose of Aerkomm. The purpose of Aerkomm Japan is to conduct business development and operations
located within Japan. Aerkomm Japan is in the process of applying for, and will be the holder of, Satellite Communication Blanket License
in Japan, which is necessary for Aerkomm to provide services within Japan. Aerkomm Japan will also provide local supports to airlines
operating within the territory of Japan. 

Aircom
Telecom LLC Aircom Taiwan ), which became a wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom in December 2017, was organized under the
laws of Taiwan on June 29, 2016. Aircom Taiwan is responsible for Aircom s business development efforts and general operations
within Taiwan. 

On
June 13, 2018, Aerkomm established a then wholly owned subsidiary, Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. Aerkomm Taiwan ), a corporation
formed under the laws of Taiwan. The purpose of Aerkomm Taiwan is to purchase a parcel of land and raise sufficient fund for ground station
building and operate the ground station for data processing (although that cannot be guaranteed). On December 29, 2022, Aerkomm and dMobile
System Co., Ltd. (the Buyer entered into an equity sales contract pursuant to the terms of which Aerkomm sold a majority
interest of shares (the Shares of Aerkomm Taiwan to the Buyer for NT (approximately US ). 

On
November 15, 2018, Aircom Taiwan acquired a wholly owned subsidiary, Beijing Yatai Communication Co., Ltd. Beijing Yatai ),
a corporation formed under the laws of China. The purpose of Beijing Yatai is to conduct Aircom s business and operations in China.
Presently, its primary function is business development, both with respect to airlines as well as content providers and advertisement
partners based in China as most business conducted in China requires a local registered company. Beijing Yatai is also actively seeking
strategic partnerships whom Aircom may leverage in order to provide more and better services to its customers. Aircom also plans to provide
local supports to China-based airlines via Beijing Yatai and teleports located in China. On November 6, 2020, ownership of Beijing
Yatai was transferred from Aircom Taiwan to Aerkomm Taiwan. 

On
October 31, 2019, Aerkomm SY established a new a wholly owned subsidiary, Aerkomm Pacific Limited Aerkomm Malta ), a corporation
formed under the laws of Malta. The purpose of Aerkomm Malta is to conduct Aerkomm s business and operations and to engage with
suppliers and potential airlines customers in the European Union. 

F- 10 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 1
- Organization - Continued 

million. Currently, the Company
has taken measures that management believes will improve its financial position by financing activities, including through public offerings,
private placements, short-term borrowings and equity contributions. Two of the Company s current shareholders (the Lenders each committed to provide to the Company a million bridge loan (together, the Loans for an aggregate principal amount
of million, to bridge the Company s cash flow needs prior to its obtaining a mortgage loan to be secured by a parcel of land
(the Land the Company purchased in Taiwan. The Lenders also agreed to an earlier closing of up to of the principal
amounts of the Loans upon the Company s request prior to the time that title to the Land is vested in the Company s subsidiary,
Aerkomm Taiwan, to pay the outstanding payable to the Company s vendors. On April 25, 2022, the Lenders further amended the commitment
and agreed to increase the percentage of earlier closing amount from to and the full million is available to the Company.
As of July 1, 2022, the Company borrowed approximately (approximately NTD under the Loans from one of the Lenders. 

With
the million in Loans committed by the Lenders and our holdings of marketable securities in Ejectt, the Company believes its working
capital will be adequate to sustain its operations for the next sixteen months. However, there is no assurance that management will be
successful in furthering the Company s business plan, especially if the Company is not able to raise additional funding from the
above sources or from other sources. There are a number of additional factors that could potentially arise that could result in shortfalls
in the Company s business plan, such as general worldwide economic conditions, competitive pricing in the connectivity industry,
the continuing impact of the COVID 19 pandemic, the Company s operating results continuing to deteriorate and the Company s
banks and shareholders not being able to provide continued financial support. 

The
Company s common stock is quoted for trading on the OTC Markets Group Inc. OTCQX Market under the symbol AKOM. 
On July 17, 2019, the French Autorit des March s Financiers (the AMF granted visa number 19-372
on the prospectus relating to the admission of the Company s common stock to list and trade on the Professional Segment of the
regulated market of Euronext Paris Euronext Paris ). The Company s common stock began trading on Euronext Paris on
July 23, 2019 under the symbol AKOM and is denominated in Euros on Euronext Paris. This listing did not alter the Company s
share count, capital structure, or current common stock listing on the OTCQX, the Company s primary trading market for its common
stock. 

F- 11 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively. The balance of cash deposited in foreign financial
institutions exceeding the amount insured by local insurance is approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 2
- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

years, computer equipment - to years, furniture and fixtures - years, satellite equipment years, vehicles 
 to years and lease improvement years or remaining lease term, whichever is shorter. 

Property
and Equipment - Continued 

years. 

F- 13 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 2
- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

F- 14 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 2
- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

and common
stock equivalents, primarily stock options and warrants, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the assumed exercise of the Company s common stock equivalents were not included in the calculation
as the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

F- 15 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

euros) into the account. The transaction was initiated in the beginning of 2020,
and the Company pays annual compensation of euros to the Liquidity Provider in advance by semi-annual installments at the beginning
of each semi-annual period under the agreement. The liquidity agreement had an initial term of one year and is being renewed automatically
unless otherwise terminated by either party. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had purchased shares of its common stock with
the fair value of . The securities were recorded as short-term investment with an accumulated unrealized gain of . In January
2022, the Liquidity Provider terminated the agreement and the Company is determining whether to continue a similar program. 

On
December 3, 2020, the Company entered into three separate stock purchase agreements (or Stock Purchase Agreement from
three individuals to purchase an aggregate of restricted shares of one of the Company s related parties, YuanJiu Inc. YuanJiu in a total amount of NT . YuanJiu is a listed company in Taiwan Stock Exchange and the stock title
transfer is subject to certain restrictions. Albert Hsu, a member of the Company s board of directors, is the Chairman of YuanJiu.
On July 19, 2021, YuanJiu Inc. changed its name to EJECTT INC Ejectt ). On March 24, 2021, the Company purchased
additional shares of Ejectt s common stock for a total amount of from a related party. 

As
of December 31, 2021, shares of Ejectt s common stock were restricted and booked under long-term investment. (See Note
8) As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, this investment totaled approximately a and ownership of Ejectt. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company entered
into a stock purchase agreement (or Stock Purchase Agreement to purchase common stock of Shinbao in a total amount of NT 
(approximately ). Shinbao is a privately-held company in Taiwan. As of July 6, 2023, the stock title transfer is still under
process. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the investment was as follows: 

Investment cost - Liquidity 

Total Investment Cost 

Appreciation in market value 

Prepaid investment 
 
 -

Total 

Supplies 

Inventory impairment 

Net 

Total 

F- 16 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Prepaid professional expense 

Others 

Total 

Addition 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Disposal 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

CTA 

December 31, 2022 

In addition to the and 
total property and equipment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company also has prepayment for equipment in an amount
of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the changes in accumulated depreciation for property and equipment were as follows: 

Addition 

Disposal 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

CTA 

December 31, 2022 

Depreciation expense was and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On July 10, 2018, 

F- 17 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

of tz-Comm s ownership with a cash payment of . The purpose of
the Company s investment in tz-Comm is to collaborate with the other shareholders in developing future business opportunities in
the U.S. and Asia. The Company accounts for its investment in tz-Comm by the equity method of accounting under which the Company s
share of the net income of tz-Comm is reported in the Company s income statement. As of December 31, 2021, the balance of net investment
in tz-Comm was . On Nov 8, 2022, tz-Comm was sold to A-Cross International LTD. at its original cost of . 

As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, 
shares of Ejectt s common stock were restricted. 

Also
on September 29, 2022, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement (or Stock Purchase Agreement to purchase 
shares of common stock of AnaNaviTek Corp. (AnaNaviTek) in a total amount of NT (approximately ). AnaNaviTek is
a privately-held company in Taiwan. As of November 21, 2022, the Company has paid NT (approximately for 
shares of AnaNaviTek stock and the stock title transfer for these shares has been completed. The Company expects to receive a valuation
report on AnaNaviTek and will determine whether to purchase the remainder of the AnaNaviTek shares under the Stock Purchase Agreement
once it has completed its review of the AnaNaviTek valuation report. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the long-term investment was as follows: 

Investment
 cost AnaNaviTek 
 
 -

Investment
 - TZ-Comm 
 - 

Net 

Addition 
 - 

December 31, 2021 

Addition 
 - 

December 31, 2022 

Amortization
expense was for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

F- 18 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

of the ownership of MEPA Labs Inc. (MEPA) with total consideration of . The fair value of MEPA at acquisition date was - .
The excess of the purchase price over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities was , which
is recorded as goodwill. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the goodwill were as follows: 

Accumulated Impairment 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net 

No
impairment loss on goodwill were recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. Goodwill as a result
of the acquisition of MEPA is calculated as follows; 

Fair Value of tangible assets acquired: 

Cash 

Loan receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Deposits 

Total
 identifiable assets acquired 

Fair value of liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Loan from stockholder 

Other payable 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

Net
 identifiable liabilities assumed 

Goodwill
 as a result of the acquision 

Years 
 Years 
 
 Finance lease 
 Years 
 Years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating lease 

Finance lease 

F- 19 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 11
- Operating and Finance Leases - Continued 

Lease liability current 

Lease liability non-current 

Finance
Leases 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Lease liability current 

Lease liability 
 non-current 

Total
 finance lease liabilities 

Current lease liability
 finance leases 

Total current lease liability 

Current lease liability
 related parties 
 - 

Current
 lease liability - others 

Non-current lease liability operating
 leases 

Non-current lease liability
 finance leases 

Total non-current lease liability 

Non-current lease liability
 related parties 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-current
 lease liability others 

The
components of lease expense are as follows within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Operating
Leases 

Sublease rental income 

Net lease expense 

Finance
Leases 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease cost 

F- 20 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 11
- Operating and Finance Leases - Continued 

Operating cash outflows
 from finance lease 

Financing cash outflows
 from finance lease 

Leased assets obtained in exchange for lease
 liabilities: 

Operating leases 

Finance lease 
 - 
 - 

Maturity
of lease liabilities: 

Operating
Leases 

January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 
 -

Total lease payments 
 -

Less: Imputed interest 
 -

Present value of lease liabilities 
 -

Current portion 
 -

Non-current portion 
 -

Finance
Leases 

January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

(NT with a non-related party. This loan,
which carries no interest, would originally mature on July 16, 2021. This loan is collateralized with shares of Ejectt stocks
that the Company currently owns. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding loan balance was (NTD ). As of [June ,
2023], the amendment agreement to extend the loan repayment is still under progress. 

(approximately US ), which matures on , from a Taiwan financing
company with annual interest rate of . Future installment payments as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2024 

Total installment payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of long-term loan 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

Interest
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 21 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

in aggregate principal amount of its Credit
Enhanced Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds (the Zero Coupon Bonds and US in aggregate principal amount of its 
convertible bonds (the Coupon Bonds ), both due on December 2, 2025 (collectively the Bonds ). 

Unless
previously redeemed, converted or repurchased and cancelled, the Bonds may be converted at any time on or after December 3, 2020 up to
November 20, 2025 into shares of Common Stock of the Company with a par value of each. The initial conversion price for the Bonds
is per share and is subject to adjustment in specified circumstances. 

Holders
of the Bonds may also require the Company to repurchase all or part of the Bonds on the third anniversary of the Issue Date, at the Early
Redemption Amount. Unless the Bonds have been previously redeemed, converted or repurchased and cancelled, Holders of the Bonds will
also have the right to require the Company to repurchase the Bonds for cash at the Early Redemption Amount if an event of delisting or
a change of control occurs. 

Pursuant to the agreements of Bonds,
Bank of Panhsin Co., Ltd. (the BG Bank committed to issue a bank guarantee for the benefit of the holders of the Bonds.
The Bank Guarantee is intended to provide a source of funds for the principal, premium, interest (if any) and any other payment obligations
of the Company which shall include the default interest under the Bonds upon the Company s failure to pay amounts pursuant to the
Indenture or upon the Bonds being declared due and payable on the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to this Indenture. In order
to obtain the guarantee from BG Bank, the Company entered into a line of credit in the amount of with BG Bank on December
1, 2020. The line of credit will be expired on . The annual fee is based on of the line of credit amount and due quarterly.
The line of credit is guaranteed by one of the Company s shareholders with his personal property, and the Company s time deposit
of (the Deposit at BG Bank is pledged as collateral as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the Deposit was recorded
as restricted cash. 

Management
has accounted for the convertible bonds by assuming that they will be repaid and redeemed at maturity; accordingly, the Company has included
the redemption premium as part of the accretion tables and calculation of interest and issuance cost to be amortized over the life of
the bond. Any value borne from the conversion feature of the bond and or issuance costs related to the origination and distribution of
these bonds have been accounted for as debt discounts to be amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the bond. 

F- 22 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 14 - Convertible Long-term Bonds Payable
and Restricted Cash - Continued 

Coupon Bonds 

Unamortized loan fee 

Net 

Bond issuance cost was and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

which was entered into between WPL and the Company on June 28, 2022 and
funded (the June Subscription ), (ii) a subscription for the common stock of the Company in the amount of which
was entered into between WPL and the Company on September 15, 2022 and funded (the September Subscription ), and (iii) a
subscription for the capital stock of MEPA Labs, Inc. MEPA ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, in the amount of
 which was entered into between MEPA and the Company on June 28, 2022 and funded (the MEPA Subscription, and together
with the June Subscription and the September Subscription, the WPL Subscriptions ), the WPL Subscriptions in the aggregate
totaling , were converted into loans to the Company evidenced by that certain convertible bond of the Company in favor of WPL
and dated December 7, 2022 (the Convertible Bond 

In addition,
and as indicated in the Agreement, WPL agreed to lend an additional to the Company under the Convertible Note (the New
Loan and to cap the aggregate amount of loans to the Company under the Convertible Note, including the New Loan, the WPL Subscriptions
and any future advances under the Convertible Note, at . 

The Convertible
Note allows for loans to the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of and acknowledges an aggregate principal amount
of in loans under the Convertible Bond outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Convertible Note carries an annual interest
rate of four percent which is due and payable, along with the then principal amount outstanding, on the Convertible Note maturity
date, December 7, 2024. The Convertible Note is pre-payable in whole or in part at any time without penalty, on five days prior
written notice to WPL. In the event of a change of control of the Company (as that term is defined in the Convertible Note), the Convertible
Note shall become immediately payable in full. The Convertible Note along with accrued interest K as of December 31, 2022, is convertible
in whole or in part by WPL at any time into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of per share. 

F- 23 

-year purchase agreement with Klingon Aerospace, Inc. Klingon ), which was
formerly named as Luxe Electronic Co., Ltd. In accordance with the terms of this agreement, Klingon agreed to purchase from the Company
an initial order of onboard equipment comprising an onboard system for a purchase price of , with payments to be made in accordance
with a specific milestones schedule. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received from Klingon in milestone payments
towards the equipment purchase price. As of December 31, 2022, the project is still ongoing. 

Foreign 

Total 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of the Company s income tax at statutory tax rate and income tax at effective tax rate
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Valuation allowance on net operating loss carryforwards 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Accrued payroll 

Foreign investment losses 

Amortization and depreciation expense 

Unrealized exchange gain (loss) 

Others 

Tax expense at effective
 tax rate 

F- 24 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 17 - Income Taxes - Continued 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Accrued expenses and unpaid expense payable 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Excess of tax amortization over book amortization 

Unrealized/realized exchange gain 

Others 

Valuation allowance 

Net 
 - 
 - 

Management
does not believe the deferred tax assets will be utilized in the near future; therefore, a full valuation allowance is provided. The
net change in deferred tax assets valuation allowance was an increase of approximately and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal NOLs of approximately available to reduce future federal taxable income,
expiring in 2037, and additional federal NOLs of approximately and , respectively, were generated and will be
carried forward indefinitely to reduce future federal taxable income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had State NOLs of
approximately and , respectively, available to reduce future state taxable income, expiring in 2040. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has Japan NOLs of approximately and , respectively, available to reduce future
Japan taxable income, expiring in 2030. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has Taiwan NOLs of approximately and , respectively, available to reduce
future Taiwan taxable income, expiring in 2031. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately of federal research and development tax credit, available to offset
future federal income tax. The credit begins to expire in 2034 if not utilized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately
 of California state research and development tax credit available to offset future California state income tax. The credit can
be carried forward indefinitely. 

The
Company s ability to utilize its federal and state NOLs to offset future income taxes is subject to restrictions resulting from
its prior change in ownership as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The Company does not expect to incur the limitation on
NOLs utilization in future annual usage. 

shares of preferred stock, with par value of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no preferred stock shares outstanding. The Board of Directors has the authority to issue preferred stock in one or more series,
and in connection with the creation of any such series, by resolutions providing for the issuance of the shares thereof, to determine
dividends, voting rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences. 

2) 
 Common Stock: 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 25 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 18
- Capital Stock - Continued 

Restricted stock - unvested 

Total restricted stock 

The
unvested shares of restricted stock were recorded under a deposit liability account awaiting future conversion to common stock when they
become vested. 

On
December 15, 2021, Mr. Sheng-Chun Chang exercised shares of stock warrant with total proceeds of for shares
of the Company s common stock. 

On
June 16, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Bevilaqua PLLC for the legal services rendered. 

3) 
 Stock Warrant: 

On
October 31, 2021, following approval by the Board of Directors, the Company issued a warrant to Mr. Sheng-Chun Chang for the purchase
of up to shares of the Company s common stock, exercisable at a price of per share, the closing price of the common
stock on the OTC Markets, Inc. QX tier on October 21, 2021. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an increase of in additional paid-in capital as adjustment for the
issuance costs of these stock warrants. 

or more of the total sales of the Company in 2021. Sales to and account
receivable from the customer for the years ended and as of December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 

or more of the total purchases of the Company for 2022 and 2021.
Purchase from and accounts payable to these vendors for the years ended and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

B 
 - 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 

Well Thrive Limited WTL 

Ejectt Inc. Ejectt 

AA Twin Associates Ltd. AATWIN 

EESquare Japan EESquare JP 

STAR JEC INC. StarJec 

F- 26 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 21
- Related Party Transactions - Continued 

EESquare
 JP 1 

StarJec 2 
 
 - 
 
 Others 6 

Total 

Rent
 deposit to Ejectt 3 

Loan
 from WTL 4 

Prepayment
 from Ejectt 3 
 
 - 

Other
 payable to: 

AATWIN 5 

Interest
 payable to WTL 4 

Others 6 

Total 

per month. 2. (approximately ). 3. . As of December 31, 2021, the transaction is completed and the outstanding account receivable was . 4. (approximately NTD from WTL under the loans. 5. (approximately and was expired on December 31, 2021. 6. 

F- 27 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 21
- Related Party Transactions - Continued 

Non-operating service Income
 from StarJec 4 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase from Ejectt 2 
 - 

Consulting
 expense to AATWIN 3 
 - 

Rental
 income charged from EESqaure JP 5 

Interest expense charged by
 WTL 6 

to Ejectt for the cooperation purpose. Further in July 2021, the Company entered into a Product Purchase Agreement with Ejectt. Under the Agreement, Ejectt agreed to purchase K++system of . As of December 31, 2021, the transaction is completed. 

(approximately and was expired on December 31, 2021. 

per month. 

(approximately and NT (approximately of interest expenses, respectively, charged for year 2022 and 2021. 

F- 28 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

shares to Aircom s stock option holders. 

One-third
of stock option shares will be vested as of the first anniversary of the time the option shares are granted or the employee s acceptance
to serve the Company, and 1/36th of the shares will be vested each month thereafter. Option price is determined by the Board of Directors.
The Aircom 2014 Plan became effective upon its adoption by the Board and shall continue in effect for a term of years unless sooner
terminated under the terms of Aircom 2014 Plan. 

On
May 5, 2017, the Board of Directors of Aerkomm adopted the Aerkomm Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Aerkomm 2017 Plan 
and together with the Aircom 2014 Plan, the Plans and the reservation of shares of common stock for issuance
under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan. The Aerkomm 2017 Plan has been adopted by the Board and shall continue in effect for a term of years
unless sooner terminated under the terms. On June 23, 2017, the Board of Directors voted to increase the number of shares of common stock
reserved for issuance under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to shares. The Aerkomm 2017 Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock
options and non-statutory stock options to employees, consultants and outside directors of the Company, as determined by the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors (or, prior to the establishment of the Compensation Committee on January 23, 2018, the Board of Directors).
The Aerkomm 2017 Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders on March 28, 2018. On October 21, 2021, the Board of Directors
voted to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to shares. 

On
June 23, 2017, the Board of Directors agreed to issue options for an aggregate of shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to certain
officers and directors of the Company. 

On
July 31, 2017, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for an aggregate of shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to 11
of its employees. 1/3 of these shares subject to the option shall vest commencing on the first anniversary of vesting start date and
the remaining shares shall vest at the rate of each year for the next two years on the same day of the month as the vesting start
date. 

On
December 29, 2017, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for an aggregate of shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to
three of the Company s independent directors, shares each. All of these options were vested immediately upon issuance. 

On
June 19, 2018, the Compensation Committee approved to issue options for and shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to two of
the Company executives. 

On
December 29, 2018, the Compensation Committee approved to issue options for an aggregate of shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan
to three of the Company s independent directors, shares each. All of these options were vested immediately upon issuance. 

On
July 2, 2019, the Board of Directors approved the grant of options to purchase an aggregate of shares under the Aerkomm 2017
Plan to 22 of its directors, officers and employees. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017
Plan to three (3) of its employees. 25 of the shares are vested on the grant date, and 25 of the shares will be vested on each of October
4, 2020, October 4, 2021 and October 4, 2022, respectively. 

On
December 29, 2019, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for an aggregate of shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to
three of the Company s independent directors, shares each. All of these options shall be vested at the date of 1/12th each
month for the next 12 months on the same day of December 2019. 

F- 29 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
22 - Stock Based Compensation - Continued 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
consultants for service provided in 2019. These options shall be vested immediately. 

On
September 17, 2020, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
independent directors. These options shall be vested at the date of 1/12th each month for the next 12 months on the same day of September
2020. 

shares under the Aerkomm
2017 Plan to 37 of its directors, officers, employees and consultants. Shares shall be vested in full on the earlier of the filing date
of the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 or March 31, 2021. 

On
January 23, 2021, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for an aggregate of shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to three
of the Company s independent directors, shares each. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
officers. These options shall be vested immediately. 

On
September 17, 2021, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
independent directors. These options shall be vested at the rate of 1/12th each month for the next 12 months on the same day of September
2021. 

On
October 21, 2021, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
officers. These options shall be vested immediately. 

On
December 1, 2021, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
officers. These options shall be vested immediately. 

On
December 29, 2021, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for an aggregate of shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to two
of the Company s independent directors, shares each. All of these options shall be vested at the date of 1/12th each month
for the next 12 months on the same day of December 2021. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
consultants for service provided in 2020. These options vested immediately. 

On
March 1, 2022, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
officers. These options shall be vested immediately. 

On
June 1, 2022, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for and shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to two of the
Company s officers, respectfully. These options shall be vested immediately. 

On
September 1, 2022, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
officers. These options shall be vested immediately. 

On
September 17, 2022, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
independent directors. These options shall be vested at the rate of 1/12th each month for the next 12 months on the same day of September
2022. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s
officers. These options shall be vested immediately. 

On
December 29, 2022, the Board of Directors approved to issue options for an aggregate of shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to two
of the Company s independent directors, shares each. All of these options shall be vested at the date of 1/12th each month
for the next 12 months on the same day of December 2022. 

F- 30 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 22
- Stock Based Compensation - Continued 

and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to such employee stock options. 

Determining
Fair Value 

Valuation
and amortization method 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing-model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted on the date of grant or modification
and amortizes the fair value of stock-based compensation at the date of grant on a straight-line basis for recognizing stock compensation
expense over the vesting period of the option. 

Expected
term 

The
expected term is the period of time that granted options are expected to be outstanding. The Company uses the SEC s simplified
method for determining the option expected term based on the Company s historical data to estimate employee termination and options
exercised. 

Expected
dividends 

The
Company does not plan to pay cash dividends before the options are expired. Therefore, the expected dividend yield used in the Black-Scholes
option valuation model is zero. 

Expected
volatility 

Since
the Company has no historical volatility, it used the calculated value method which substitutes the historical volatility of a public
company in the same industry to estimate the expected volatility of the Company s share price to measure the fair value of options
granted under the Plans. 

Risk-free
interest rate 

The
Company based the risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes option valuation model on the market yield in effect at the time
of option grant provided in the Federal Reserve Board s Statistical Releases and historical publications on the Treasury constant
maturities rates for the equivalent remaining terms for the Plans. 

Forfeitures 

The
Company is required to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revises those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures
differ from those estimates. The Company uses historical data to estimate option forfeitures and records share-based compensation expense
only for those awards that are expected to vest. 

The
Company used the following assumptions to estimate the fair value of options granted in 2022 and 2021 under the Plans as follows: 

- years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Forfeiture rate 
 - 

F- 31 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
22 - Stock Based Compensation - Continued 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited/Cancelled 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited/Cancelled 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

There
is no nonvested options under the 2014 incentive compensation plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Information
related to stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022, is as follows: 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was no unrecognized stock-based compensation expense. No option was exercised during 2022 and 2021. 

Aerkomm
2017 Plan 

Activities
related to options outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options outstanding at
 December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited/Cancelled 

Options
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 

F- 32 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 22
- Stock Based Compensation - Continued 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Options unvested at December 31, 2022 

Of
the shares covered by options outstanding at the end of 2022, are now exercisable; will be exercisable in 2023. Information
related to stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022, is as follows: 

6.00
 10.00 

11.00
 14.20 

20.50
 27.50 

30.00
 35.00 

As
of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was , which is expected to
be recognized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average period of approximately year. No option was exercised during 2022
and 2021. 

F- 33 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
23 - Commitments - Continued 

million. Additionally, under the terms of the PPA, the Executive Director of Republic Engineers, C. A. Raja, agreed to sign an agreement, or the Guarantee, to guarantee all of the obligations of Republic Engineers under the PPA. Republic Engineers had submitted a purchase order, or PO, dated October 15, 2018 for the 10 shipsets and was supposed to have made payments to Aircom Telecom against the purchase order shortly thereafter. Republic Engineers made no payments against the purchase order and the Company did not begin any work on the ordered shipsets. On July 7, 2020, Republic Engineers and Mr. Raja filed a complaint against Aerkomm, Aircom and Aircom Telecom (the Aircom Parties in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Almeda, or the Court, seeking declaratory relief only and no money damages, alleging that the PPA and the PO were not executed or authorized by Republic Engineers and that the Guarantee was not executed or authorized by Mr. Raja. Republic Engineers and C. A. Raja requested from the Court (i) orders that the PPA, the PO and the Guarantee be declared null and void and (ii) the payment of their reasonable attorney s fees. On July 29, 2020, Aircom Telecom provided notice to Republic Engineers that the PPA and the PO was terminated according to their terms as a result of the non-performance of Republic Engineers and the Failure of Mr. Raja to provide the Guarantee. The Aircom Parties filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings in August 2021, asking the Court to find the Complaint for Declaratory Relief to be moot, because the contracts that are the subject of the Complaint have been terminated. On September 22, 2021, the Court granted that motion, and dismissed the complaint. At the request of Republic Engineers, the Court granted Republic Engineers leave to amend its complaint to attempt to allege a viable claim. On May 10, 2022, Republic Engineers and Aircom Parties entered into a settlement and mutual release agreement, which included, among other things, a denial of wrongdoing by both parties, a requirement that Republic Engineering file a motion with the Court to dismiss its lawsuit against the Aircom Parties and a mutual release by each party of any and all claims against the other party relating to this dispute. On May 17, 2022, Republic Engineers filed with the Court a motion to dismiss with prejudice, its lawsuit against the Aircom Parties and on that same day the Court officially dismissed the lawsuit. Shenzhen Yihe: On June 20, 2018, the Company entered into that certain Cooperation Framework Agreement, as supplemented on July 19, 2019, with Shenzhen Yihe Culture Media Co., Ltd., or Yihe, the authorized agent of Guangdong Tengnan Internet, or Tencent Group, pursuant to which Yihe agreed to assist the Company with public relations, advertising, market and brand promotion, as well as with the development of a working application of the Tencent Group WeChat Pay payment solution and WeChat applets applicable for Chinese users and relating to cell phone and WiFi connectivity on airplanes. As compensation under this Yihe agreement, the Company paid Yihe RMB million (approximately US million). As of September 30, 2021, the prepayment was reclassified to other receivable and full allowance was reserved. On March 25, 2022, the Shenzhen International Arbitration Court issued a judgment in our favor. The Court deemed the Company s agreement with Yihe terminated as of November 24, 2020, the date of the Company s filing with the Court, and held that Yihe is required to promptly repay us RMB million and reimburse the Company RMB in court costs. The Company will make every effort to collect these amounts from Yihe. US trademark : On December 1, 2020, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO issued a Final Office Action relating to Aerkomm Inc. indicating that the Company s US trademark application (Serial No. 88464588) for the name AERKOMM, which was originally filed with the USPTO on June 7, 2019, was being rejected because of a likelihood of confusion with a similarly sounding name trademarked at, and in use from, an earlier date. The Company successfully appealed this USPTO action and the USPTO issued to the Company a trademark registration for the service mark AERKOMM under Trademark Class 38 (telecommunications) on November 2, 2021 and Trademark Class 41 (entertainment services) on November 23, 2021. Equity Contract: On December 29, 2022, Aerkomm Inc. (the Company or the Seller and dMobile System Co., Ltd. (the Buyer entered into an equity sales contract (the Equity Sales Contract ). Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Sales Contract, (i) the Company will sell shares (the Shares of Aerkomm Taiwan Inc., the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary (the Aerkomm Taiwan ), to dMobile System Co., Ltd. (the Buyer for NT (approximately US ), and (ii) the Buyer is required to pay the full amount to the Seller within 180 days of signing the Equity Sales Contract. If the Buyer fails to make the payment, the Seller has the right to claim the compensation from the Buyer due to the Buyer s breach of the Equity Sales Contract. Furthermore, Mr. Albert Hsu who is designated by the seller as the pledgee of the Shares in the Equity Sales Contract will execute all the rights of the pledgee under the instruction from the Seller. The parties agree to be bound by the laws of the Republic of China and agree that the Taipei District Court in Taiwan is the court of jurisdiction for initial trial. The Buyer, dMobile System Co., Ltd., is owned by Sheng-Chun Chang, a more than equity owner of the Company. 
 The purpose of this transaction was to have Aerkomm Taiwan become a qualified company to apply for a telecommunication license in Taiwan. 

F- 34 

AERKOMM
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 24
- Subsequent Events 

The Company
has evaluated subsequent events through the filing of this Form 10-K, and determined that there have been no events that have occurred
that would require adjustments to our disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: July 7, 2023 
 AERKOMM INC. 

/s/ Louis
 Giordimaina 

Name: Louis Giordimaina 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Louis Giordimaina 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 Louis
 Giordimaina 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jeffrey Wun 
 
 President,
 Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey
 Wun 

/s/
 Raymond Choy 
 
 Director 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 Raymond
 Choy 

/s/
 Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu 
 
 Director 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 Chih-Ming
 (Albert) Hsu 

/s/
 Colin Lim 
 
 Director 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 Colin
 Lim 

/s/
 Jeff T. C. Shu 
 
 Director 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 Jeff
 T. C. Shu 

/s/
 Richmond Akumiah 
 
 Director 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 Richmond
 Akumiah 

/s/
 Jan-Yung Lin 
 
 Secretary 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 Jan-Yung
 Lin 

81 

<EX-10.71>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-71_aerkomm.htm
 EQUITY SALES AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 29, 2022 BY AND BETWEEN AERKOMM INC. AND DMOBILE SYSTEM CO., LTD. (OFFICIAL AGREEMENT)

Exhibit 10.71 

</EX-10.71>

<EX-10.72>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-72_aerkomm.htm
 EQUITY SALES AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 29, 2022 BY AND BETWEEN AERKOMM INC. AND DMOBILE SYSTEM CO., LTD. (UNOFFICIAL ENGLISH TRANSLATION)

Exhibit 10.72 

Equity Sales Contract 

Signing Parties: 
 Seller: Aerkomm Inc. 
 (Hereafter referred to as Party A) 

Buyer: dMobile Systems Co. Ltd. 
 (Hereafter referred to as Party B) 

Pledgee: Zhiming Xu 
 (Hereafter referred to as Party C) 

1. Object of the Transaction: The total of 25,500,000 shares of equity owned by Party A in Aerkomm Taiwan Inc.. 

2. Total Sale Price: 255,000,000 New Taiwan Dollars (NTD) (hereafter referred to as yuan 

3. Payment term: Party B shall pay the total price of the transaction in full to Party A no later than 180 days after the signing of
this agreement. 

4. The delivery method and pledge/implementation of the Sale s objectives: 

a. Both Party A and Party B agree that within three (3) days of signing this contract, Party
A shall transfer the subject of the transaction to Party B, and Party B shall at the same time pledge 255,000,000 yuan (hereafter referred
to as the Disputed Lien on the subject of the transaction to the designated pledgee (Party C) appointed by Party A. After
Party B pays the total purchase price to Party A, Party C may release/cancel the Disputed Lien (i.e., Party C shall notify and handle
the release/cancellation of the Disputed Lien towards Aerkomm TaiwanInc.). 

b. If Party B fails to pay the total transaction price within the specified time, Party A' has the right to claim breach of contract
compensation against Party B according to Article 5 of this contract andParty C may also exercise the provisions of the floating lien
agreement (transfer the ownership of the Collateral to Party C) and all the rights related to the disputed lien (methods of exercising
the disputed lien include but are not limited to auctioning off the Collateral and repayment with the sale proceeds, acquiring ownership
of the Collateral along with all rights and interests derived from the Collateral, and disposal of the Collateral by means other than
an auction, such as selling the Collateral to a specific person, etc.). 

5. Breach of Contract: 

If either Party of this agreement violates their contractual
obligations and fails to fulfill their obligations even after being notified by the other Party, the injured Party may terminate this
Contract, and the Party in breach shall compensate the other party for all losses so they may return that Party to the state they were
in prior to the Contract. 

6. In the event of a dispute arising from this contract, all three Parties agree that the laws of the Republic of China (Taiwan) govern
as the applicable law. Additionally, all three Parties accept the Northern Taiwan Court as the court of original jurisdiction. 

7. The original copy of this Contract has been duplicated into three copies, so that Parties A, B, and C may all hold a copy for their
records. 

Signing Parties: 

Party A: Aerkomm Inc. 

 Legal Representative: Louis Giordimaina 

 Unified ID Number: USCA3172 

Party B: dMobile Systems Co. S Ltd. 

 Unified ID Number: 2795766 

 Representative: Shengjun Zhang 

 Address: 3rd Floor, No. 77 Hengyang Road, Zhongzheng District, Taipei
City 

Party C: Zhiming Xu 

 ID Number: Q122269543 

 Address: 10th Floor, No. 51, Hengyang Road, Zhongzheng District, Taipei
City 

12/29/2022 

</EX-10.72>

<EX-10.73>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-73_aerkomm.htm
 EQUITY PLEDGE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 29, 2022 BY AND BETWEEN AERKOMM INC. AND DMOBILE SYSTEM CO., LTD. (OFFICIAL AGREEMENT)

Exhibit 10.73 

</EX-10.73>

<EX-10.74>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-74_aerkomm.htm
 EQUITY PLEDGE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 29, 2022 BY AND BETWEEN AERKOMM INC. AND DMOBILE SYSTEM CO., LTD. (UNOFFICIAL ENGLISH TRANSLATION)

Exhibit 10.74 

Equity Pledge Setting Contract 

Contractors: 
 (Pledgor and Party A : 
 dMobile Systems Co. Ltd. 

(Pledgee and Party B : 
 Zhiming Xu 

1. Reasoning 

To guarantee Party A pay off sale
price to Aerkomm Inc. and fulfilled its obligations under the Equity Sales Contract (attached as the Equity Sales Contract), Party A
agrees to establish a Pledge (hereafter referred to as the Security Interest in respect to the equity portion
(hereafter referred to as the Object of the Pledge or the Collateral of Aerkomm Taiwan Inc., which was
acquired by Party A from Aerkomm Inc., and transfer it to a Party B designated by Aerkomm Inc. Both parties agree to and promise to
abide by the following provisions of this contract. 

2. Object of the Pledge (also the Collateral, and will hereafter
be referred to as the Object of the Pledge or the Collateral) 

With respect to the equity in the following companies held
by Party A, Party A agrees to set the Security Interest for Party B as follows: 

Name 
 
 Number of Stock 
 
 Pledge Investment Amount 
 
 Equity in Aerkomm Taiwan inc. 
 
 25,500,000 shares 
 
 255,000,000 New Taiwan Dollars (hereafter yuan 

3. The scope of Creditor s Rights under the Security Interests: 

The Security Interests guarantee Party A shall pay the total
purchase price of 255,500,000 yuan (hereafter referred to as the Total Purchase Price to Aerkomm Inc. and fulfill the Equity Sales Contract obligations (hereafter referred to as the Creditor s Rights guaranteed by the Security Interest ), including
but not limited to the creditor s rights of Aerkomm Inc. to be paid the full 255,000,000 yuan, return the money accumulated or
advanced by Aerkomm Inc., as well the interest, deferred interest, fees related to a breach of contract, fees associated with obtaining
the name and maintaining the Collateral, costs of preserving the Collateral, compensation for damages arising from Party A s failure
to fulfill their obligations and defects in the Collateral, or fees falling within the scope of the creditor s rights. 

4. Cancelling and Establishing the Security Interest: 

a. At the time of signing this contract, Party A agrees to the
terms of the Pledge for Party B and will send certificates relating to such rights to Party B. At the same time, Party A will notify
Aerkomm TaiwanInc. of relevant information regarding Security Interest to register the Pledge. 

b. After Party A pays the total purchase price to Aerkomm Inc.,
unless otherwise directed by Aerkomm Inc., Party B may cancel the Security Interests (that is, Party B shall notify Aerkomm TaiwanInc. and handle the cancellation. 

5. Party A s Guarantees 

a. Party A declares legal ownership to the subject matter of the Pledge, is the rightful owner who can
 dispose the subject matter of the pledge, and that nobody else has such claim to said right. 

b. If Party A violates this contract or the Purchase agreement
with Aerkomm Inc., or if the Pledge is found to be defective or in dispute, Party B may request Party A to fulfill the aforementioned
contract within a reasonable period of time, or also provide another guarantee or substitute of similar value which is approved of by
Party B, and assist in settling any relevant disputes. If Party A fails to fulfill its obligations within a reasonable time period, Party
B may exercise right to the agreement (transfer ownership rights of the Collateral to Party B) and exercise all the rights under the
Security Interests (methods of exercising the Security Interests include but are not limited
to auctioning off the Collateral and repayment with the sale proceeds, acquiring ownership of the Collateral along with all rights and
interests derived from the Collateral, and disposal of the Collateral by means other than an auction, such as selling the Collateral
to a specific person, etc.). Additionally, in accordance with the Equity Sales Contract between Party A and Aerkomm Inc., Aerkomm Inc.
may simultaneously claim for compensation from Party A arising from breach of the Agreement. 

c. Unless otherwise agreed to by Party A and Aerkomm Inc., without
prior written consent by either Aerkomm Inc. or Party B, Party A shall not transfer, create pledge, or dispose of the objectives of the Pledge
or its interests in any way. 

d. If the objectives of the Pledge require that a third party
register under the Pledge, Party A should prepare the relevant registration forms and send signed copies to Party B , and should further
assist in all procedures required for arranging such registration. 

e. In the event of damage or reduction of value to the objectives of the
Pledge, regardless of if such loss is the fault of Party A, Party B may request within a reasonable period of time that Party A provide
a guarantee or other substitute approved by Party B which is equivalent to the lost value. If Party A fails to provide a guarantee or
other substitute of that request within a reasonable time limit, then Party B may request Party A immediately pay off the creditor s
rights under the Security Interests and also implement all rights stipulated by law and this contract. 

6. Agreements regarding interest derived from the Pledge s objectives. 

a. Party A shall deliver to Party B all derivative income from
the Pledge s objectives (including but not limited to cash interest, stock dividends, or other related derivative income). The
aforementioned income issued after the establishment of the Pledge shall also apply. 

7. Contact under this Contract 

a. If Party A changes their address of residence or communication
which are recorded in this Contract, Party A shall immediately notify Party B in writing. If no notice is sent, then the address contained
in this Contract will suffice as the place of service for Party A. After Party B has sent relevant documents to the address provided
in this Contract for Party A, it will be understood to have been delivered within the typical postal period. 

2 

8. Agreement Regarding the Collection, Use, and Processing of Data/Information 

a. Party A agrees that Party B may collect its data for purposes
of computer processing, exploitation , or international transmission. Party B may also provide
such data to relevant, separate parties for further use. 

9. Fee Agreement 

a. Party A will bear all expenses relating to the registration,
establishment, modification, or other rental fees necessary for the Pledge s objectives. 

10. Applicable Law and Governing Court 

a. In the event of a lawsuit arising from this contract, both
Parties agree that the laws of the Republic of China (Taiwan) govern as the applicable law. Additionally, both Parties accept the Northern
Taiwan Court as the court of original jurisdiction. 

11. Unspecified Matters 

a. In the event there are matters not resolved by this contract,
the Parties will resolve them in accordance with Party A and Aerkomm Inc. s Equity Sales, relevant governing law within the Republic
of China (Taiwan), principles of good faith, and mutual/honorable consultation. 

12. Number of Contracts 

a. This Contract has been duplicated so that each Party may hold
a copy. 

Attached: A copy of the Equity Sales Contract between Party
A and Aerkomm Inc. is attached. 

The Contracting Parties: 

Party A: dMobile Systems Co. Ltd. 

 Unified ID Number : 2795766 

 Representative: Shengjun Zhang 

 Address: 3rd Floor, No. 77 Hengyang Road, Zhongzheng District, Taipei
City 

Party B: Zhiming Xu 

 ID Number: Q122269543 

 Address: (Left blank in the document) 

12/29/2022 

3 

</EX-10.74>

<EX-10.75>
 6
 f10k2022ex10-75_aerkomm.htm
 TRUST AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 29, 2022 BY AND BETWEEN AERKOMM INC. AND DMOBILE SYSTEM CO., LTD. (OFFICIAL AGREEMENT)

Exhibit 10.75 

</EX-10.75>

<EX-10.76>
 7
 f10k2022ex10-76_aerkomm.htm
 TRUST AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 29, 2022 BY AND BETWEEN AERKOMM INC. AND DMOBILE SYSTEM CO., LTD. (UNOFFICIAL ENGLISH TRANSLATION)

Exhibit 10.76 

Entrustment Agreement 

Signatory: 
 Client: 
 Aerkomm Inc. 
 (Hereafter referred to as Party A) 

Trustee: 
 Zhiming Xu 
 (Hereafter referred to as Party B) 

1. Reason for Entrustment: 

The Seller (Party A) agrees to sell and transfer all 25,500,000 shares
of Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (hereafter referred to as the Purchase Shares to dMobile Systems Co. Ltd. (hereafter
referred to as the Buyer for 25,500,000 New Taiwan Dollars/yuan (hereafter referred to as the Purchase Price). To guarantee
the Buyer will pay the price in full and fulfill its obligations under this agreement, the Buyer agrees to create a Pledge on the subject
matter of the sale to Party A s designated Trustee: Party B. 

2. Entrustment Matters: 

a. To guarantee that the Buyer pays the full purchase price to Party A and fulfills their contractual obligations, Party A agrees to
transfer the objective of the purchase (hereafter referred to as the Collateral to the Buyer within three (3) days of Party
A and the Buyer signing the Equity Sales Contract. The Buyer shall also simultaneously establish a 255,000,000 yuan pledge (hereafter
referred to as the Disputed Lien to Party B regarding the subject of the sale. After the Buyer pays the full purchase price
to Party A, unless Party A has other instructions, Party B may release/cancel the Disputed Lien (Party B notifies and handles the release/cancellation
of the Disputed Lien with Aerkomm Taiwan Inc.). 

b. If the Buyer is unable to pay the total purchase price by the agreed upon deadline, unless otherwise instructed by the Party A, Party
B may exercise the Liquidation Agreement (transfer ownership of the collateral to Party B) and may exercise all rights related to the
Disputed Lien, (methods of exercising the Collateral include but are not limited to auctioning off the Collateral and obtaining the proceeds,
acquiring ownership of the Collateral and all related rights and interests, and disposal of the Collateral by means other than an auction,
such as selling the Collateral to a specific person, etc.). Party A may also simultaneously claim compensation for breach of contract
against the Buyer in accordance with the Equity Sales Contract between Party A and the Buyer. 

3. Obligation to Cooperate 

In handling the establishment of the proprietary rights of
the purchase for the object of the sale, if Party A needs to comply with relevant procedures and assist with providing necessary documents
and information, Party A shall therefore cooperate and provide such assistance for the purpose of relevant registration and procedures.
If there are certain missing items which need correction, such as affixing seals, making up missed payments for certificates, or if there
is a need for Party A to provide assistance, either themselves or via a representative, Party A must unconditionally cooperate. If there
is any delay then Party A must take full responsibility and for which Party B shall not be held accountable. 

4. Applicable Law and Governing Court 

In the event of a dispute arising from this contract, both
Parties agree that the laws of the Republic of China (Taiwan) govern as the applicable law. Additionally, both Parties accept the Northern
Taiwan Court as the court of original jurisdiction. 

5. Unspecified Matters 

In the event there are matters not resolved by this contract,
the Parties will resolve them in accordance with Party A s and the Buyer s signed Equity Sales Contract, relevant governing
law within the Republic of China (Taiwan), principles of good faith, and mutual/friendly consultation. 

6. Number of Contracts 

This Contract has been duplicated so
that each Party may hold a copy. 

Signing Parties: Party A: Aerkomm Inc. 

 Legal Representative: Louis Giordimaina 

 Unified ID Number: USCA3172 

Party B: Zhiming Xu 

 ID Number: Q122269543 

 Address: 10th Floor, No. 51, Hengyang Road, Zhongzheng
District, Taipei City 

12/29/2022 

</EX-10.76>

<EX-10.77>
 8
 f10k2022ex10-77_aerkomm.htm
 NONBINDING COOPERATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN NEW SKY SATELLITES B.V. (SES) AND AERKOMM INC. DATED JANUARY 10, 2022

Exhibit 10.77 

NONBINDING
COOPERATION AGREEMENT 

This
Cooperation Agreement Agreement ), effective as of the 10th day of January 2022 (the Effective Date ), is
entered into by and between: 

New
Skies Satellites B.V., a Dutch company with its principal offices located at Rooseveltplantsoen 4, 2517 KR The Hague,
Netherlands SES ); and 

AERKOMM,
INC. , a company incorporated in Nevada, with its principal offices located at 44043 Fremont Boulevard, Fremont, California, U.S.A.,
94538 AKOM ). 

SES
and AKOM may be referred to individually herein as a Party , and collectively as the Parties . 

WHEREAS,
SES is a satellite operator providing communications solutions to broadcast, telecom, corporate, and government customers; 

WHEREAS,
SES is operating a constellation of satellites in medium-earth orbit (MEO) and geostationary-earth orbit (GEO) with a multi-terabit,
high-throughput, low-latency network infrastructure (the SES Satellite Network ), used for the global mobility market, including
aviation, maritime, and the global fixed location market, including equipment, mobile back haul, teleport and data center co-location
(collectively, SES Applications ); 

WHEREAS,
SES has launched SES-17, a GEO satellite, and a series of MEO satellites (O3b), and will launch additional MEO satellites O3b
mPOWER as part of the SES Satellite Network; 

WHEREAS,
AKOM and its affiliates are developing a satellite connected distributed data center Sat. DDC and provide satellite-based
connectivity for the: mobility market, including airborne, maritime, automobile; the fixed-point markets, including equipment for house;
and User Terminal for enterprise and government (collectively, AKOM Applications ); 

WHEREAS,
AKOM and its affiliates are actively developing a semiconductor based phase array antenna AKOM Antenna to be installed
at a Sat. DDC and to be used in AKOM Applications, with multiple telecom operators, government departments, and airlines; 

WHEREAS,
AKOM is evaluating a GEO/MEO hybrid solution to offer next-generation capacity for its mobility connectivity platform, and is researching
non-geostationary NGSO capacity to supplement GEO and, as the NGSO constellations mature, to become a significant source
for its network; 

WHEREAS,
SES and AKOM wish to collaborate for engineering and commercial testing and deployment of AKOM Antenna on the SES Satellite Network;
and 

WHEREAS,
SES and AKOM intend to explore and refine potential areas of collaboration with a goal to executing a long-term agreement for the Project
(as defined in paragraph 1); 

NOW,
THEREFORE, WITNESSETH THAT, for and in consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

1.
 Purpose . During the Term (as defined in paragraph 5 below), the Parties shall, in good faith, enter into discussions and cooperate
with respect to the activities for the AKOM Applications set forth in Exhibit A hereto to better determine how the AKOM Antenna can be
designed to best meet the requirements of the SES Applications Project ). The Parties have designated the following individuals
as the primary points of contact for the exchange of information as set forth in Exhibit A: 

2. 

New Skies Satellites B.V. 

Technical Collaboration 
 Commercial Collaboration 
 
 Jean-Pierre Choffray 
 Diego Paldao 
 
 VP, Systems Engineering 
 Sr. Manager 
 
 +352 (710725) 401 
 +1.703.626.2333 
 
 Jean-Pierre.Choffray@ses.com 
 diego@ses.com 

Aerkomm Inc. 

Technical Collaboration 
 Commercial Collaboration 
 
 Jeffrey Wun 
 Wayne Tsai 
 
 CTO 
 VP, Business Development 
 
 +1(415)722-3641 
 +886.928.888.778 
 
 jwun@aerkomm.com 
 wayne.tsai@aerkomm.com 

3.
 No Liability . The Parties agree that the intent of this Agreement is to establish the basis for more detailed negotiations concerning
the feasibility of the AKOM Antenna for SES Applications and, except as specifically set forth herein, this Agreement is not intended
to subject the Parties to any liability or give rise to any cause of action by the Parties or third parties. In no event shall either
Party be liable for any indirect, consequential, punitive, special or other similar damages (whether in contract, tort (including negligence),
strict liability or under any other theory of liability), including but not limited to, loss of actual or anticipated revenues or profits,
loss of business, customers or good will, except as a result of the intentional misconduct of the Party to be held liable. The foregoing
notwithstanding, the Parties each acknowledge that prior to the entrance of one or more definitive agreements with each other (the Definitive
Agreement ), either Party may enter into agreements with one or more third parties that preclude or limit its ability to enter
into a Definitive Agreement with the other Party. 

4. Confidentiality .
Any and all discussions and communications between the Parties hereto are subject to the terms and conditions of the Non-Disclosure
Agreement between SES and AKOM, dated November 8, 2021, as amended (the NDA ), which is incorporated herein by
reference and shall apply to any exchanges of Confidential Information (as defined in the NDA) between SES and AKOM. The Parties
agree that the terms and conditions of the NDA will continue to apply to exchanges of information between the Parties pursuant to
this Agreement notwithstanding the earlier expiration or termination of the NDA. Neither Party may issue any press release or public
disclosure concerning this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. 

5.
 Expenses . Each Party will be responsible for its own expenses in connection with all matters relating to this Agreement, and neither
Party will be responsible for any of the other s expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement. 

6.
 Term . Unless sooner terminated as set forth herein or extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, this Agreement shall terminate
twelve (12) months after the Effective Date (the Term ). This Agreement may be terminated prior to the end of the Term or
any extended Term at any time: (i) by the mutual written agreement of the Parties; OR (ii) by written notice from either Party to the
other Party if the other Party has committed a material breach of this Agreement, and, if such breach is capable of remedy, the other
Party has not remedied the breach to the reasonable satisfaction of the notifying Party within twenty (20) days of receiving the notice
of breach. 

6. Intellectual
Property . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting or conferring in either Party any rights or
licenses in any intellectual property of the other Party. Subject to the foregoing, SES and AKOM agree that they may share with each
other any results of any testing and experiments conducted pursuant to this Agreement, and each Party shall be free to use such
results as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. 

Page 2 

7. Non-Binding. 
It is understood and agreed that this Agreement: (i) constitutes a statement of mutual intentions of the Parties hereto with respect to
discussing and cooperating on certain activities relating to the Project; (ii) does not contain all matters 
upon which agreement may be reached in order for a Definitive Agreement to be consummated; and (iii) other than the terms set out under
 No Liability, Confidentiality, Expenses, Intellectual Property No Third
Party Rights; No Fiduciary Relationship, and Governing Law, which terms are binding on the Parties, the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement are indicative only and do not constitute a binding commitment by the Parties. This Agreement supersedes
all prior understandings of the Parties, whether written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof. A binding commitment with respect
to the Project will result only from execution of a Definitive Agreement, subject to the conditions expressed therein. The terms and conditions
for the Project will be as set forth in a Definitive Agreement duly executed by the Parties, if such agreements
is ever concluded. 

8. No
Third Party Rights; No Fiduciary Relationship . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed by the Parties or
by any third party to create any rights, obligations or interests in third parties, or to create the relationship of principal and agent,
partnership or joint venture or any other fiduciary relationship or association between the Parties. 

9. Governing Law . This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A., without giving effect to its
choice of laws provisions. 

10. Entire Agreement .
This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to the terms contemplated hereby and may not
be amended or assigned in whole or in part without the prior written consent of both Parties. 

11. Counterparts and Signature .
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be original and all of which taken together
shall be deemed to constitute the Agreement. A document signed and transmitted electronically by facsimile or email is to be treated
as an original and shall have the same binding effect as an original signature on an original document. 

Page 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties
hereto has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of the Effective Date. 

New Skies Satellites B.V. 
 
 AERKOMM INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Ulco
 Bouwsma 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Louis
 Giordimaina 
 
 Name: 
 Ulco Bouwsma 
 
 Name: 
 Louis Giordimaina 
 
 Title: 
 Director 
 
 Title: 
 Aerkomm, Inc., CEO 

Date: 
 , 2022 
 
 Date: 
 February 05, 2022 

09-02-2022 

Page 4 

EXHIBIT A 

During the Term, the Parties shall, in
good faith, enter into discussions and cooperate with respect to the following areas relating to the Project: 

1. Technical collaboration 

a. SES Satellite Network test campaign: Develop a test program based on the SES Satellite Network
and conduct tests to validate the network performance with user terminal equipped with an AKOM Antenna solution to optimize AKOM s
and SES s assets and investments. AKOM shall share with SES any and all results of any testing and experiments conducted. 

b. AKOM Antenna Ku/Ka-band solution: Collaboration on developing an AKOM Antenna to be deployed on
the SES Satellite Network, such collaboration may include a SES Satellite Network modem as part of the solution 

c. Hybrid user terminal solutions: Collaboration to set AKOM Antenna development goals seeking compatibility
across the SES Satellite Network, including GEO and MEO assets 

2. Commercial collaboration 

a. Market demand: Share user terminal market demand and forecast for the SES Satellite Network by
market segment and explore optimal business and operating models 

b. Market promotion: Collaborate on promoting O3b MEO satellite network and bandwidth, including O3b
mPOWER, with or without AKOM Antenna and/or Sat. DDC to AKOM s customers 

c. Partnership plan: Explore a longer-term joint services and market development plan for AKOM s
regions of interest, to best leverage the combined scale and capabilities of both Parties 

Meetings or conference calls will be
conducted, to: (i) form teams or sub-groups to take the lead for certain activities; (ii) review the status of the above activities; (iii)
determine whether any other activities should be undertaken; and (iv) develop plans for future cooperation. 

Page 5 

</EX-10.77>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex31-1_aerkomm.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Louis Giordimaina, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Aerkomm Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
July 7, 2023 

/s/
 Louis Giordimaina

Louis
 Giordimaina 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 f10k2022ex31-2_aerkomm.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Louis Giordimaina, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Aerkomm Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
July 7, 2023 

/s/
 Louis Giordimaina

Louis Giordimaina 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 f10k2022ex32-1_aerkomm.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned, Louis Giordimaina, the Chief Executive Officer of AERKOMM INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1.
The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this statement on July 7, 2023. 

/s/ Louis Giordimaina 

Louis Giordimaina 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Aerkomm Inc. and will be retained by Aerkomm Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 f10k2022ex32-2_aerkomm.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned, Louis Giordimaina, the Interim Chief Financial Officer of AERKOMM INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY
that: 

1.
The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this statement on July 7, 2023. 

/s/ Louis Giordimaina 

Louis Giordimaina 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Aerkomm Inc. and will be retained by Aerkomm Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 13
 f10k2022ex99-1_aerkomm.htm
 TAIWAN MODA SATELLITE LICENSE (ORIGINAL)

Exhibit 99.1 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 14
 f10k2022ex99-2_aerkomm.htm
 TAIWAN MODA SATELLITE LICENSE (UNOFFICIAL ENGLISH TRANSLATION)

Exhibit 99.2 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.3>
 15
 f10k2022ex99-3_aerkomm.htm
 TAIWAN NATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION LICENSE (ORIGINAL)

Exhibit 99.3 

</EX-99.3>

<EX-99.4>
 16
 f10k2022ex99-4_aerkomm.htm
 TAIWAN NATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION LICENSE (UNOFFICIAL ENGLISH TRANSLATION)

Exhibit 99.4 

</EX-99.4>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 akom-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 akom-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 akom-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 akom-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 akom-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

