<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230809_10-K_edgar_data_1751707_0001607062-23-000391.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1755465</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78150</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>402615</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>493644</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>332079</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>414039</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607062-23-000391.hdr.sgml : 20230809
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230809165440
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607062-23-000391
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230809
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230809

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United Express Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001751707
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				821965608
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-227194
		FILM NUMBER:		231156010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4345 W. POST RD
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89118
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-350-0123

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4345 W. POST RD
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89118

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607062-23-000391.txt : 20230809

10-K
 1
 unxp063023form10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of incorporation) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer ID Number) 

, , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) Zip Code 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

 None 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

 Common
Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

 Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the day of this form
was based
upon the price 1.58) multiplied by the 1,591,000 number of shares of common stock held by persons other than executive officers, directors
and five percent stockholders of the registrant without conceding that any such person is an affiliate of the registrant
for purposes of the federal securities laws. 

 As of June
30, 2023, there were shares
of our common stock authorized for issue and outstanding. 

1 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 
 Item 2 Properties 
 12 
 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 
 
 PART II 

Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 
 
 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 
 13 
 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 13 
 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 
 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 - F-9 
 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 25 
 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 25 
 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 25 
 
 PART III 

Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 26 
 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 27 
 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 27 
 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 28 
 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 28 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 29 
 
 Signatures 
 30 

2 

PART
I 

 Forward-Looking
Statements 

 The
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC encourages us to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better
understand future prospects and make informed investment decisions. 

 This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements with Management Discussion. These forward-looking statements are not historical
facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Words
such as may, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, project, 
or continue or comparable terminology used in connection with any discussion of future operating results or financial performance
identify forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date of this prospectus. All forward-looking statements reflect our present expectation of future events and are subject to
a number of important factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements. The factors listed in the Risk Factors section in this report, as well as any cautionary language in this prospectus,
provide examples of these risks and uncertainties. The safe harbor for forward-looking statements is not applicable to this offering
pursuant to Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. 

 Item
1. Business 

 We
are an Emerging Growth Company with revenue generating operations. We were formed on June 23, 2017 and have five years of business experience. 

 The
United Express operates as a general company of transportation, dispatch service logistics, delivery merchandises and other items for
companies and individuals across the United State. As such, it is difficult to determine the average customer of the Company as the business
will have the freedom and the ability to effectively arrange for the transportation any type of merchandise. Management anticipates that
the business will receive orders for service from companies seeking to move merchandise, as well as, people relocating to different areas
of the target regional market areas. A primary concern for the Company is its ability to quickly respond to customer request, give affordable
price for the services, and carry the full responsibility from pick up to drop off. Slight fluctuations in oil prices have caused the
freight and logistic industries costs to be almost on a straight level during last 12 months. In the event of a significant increase
the price of fuel, we will also reasonably increase prices (at a standardized rate of markup) to ensure the profitability of the business. 

 Our
other activities are providing dispatch services for the other companies. We working with CVK Express and doing dispatch service for
them. In this field company doing search for transportation providers and connect them to cargo owners based upon delivery requirements,
transportation routes, type of shipment, equipment requirements, cargo size, delivery time and price. 

 During
reported period our business activities have focused on the development of our business plan, dispatch, 

 Logistics
service, researching for new customers, development of optimal traffic routes. 

 Revenues 

 Our
revenues from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023 was 296,422. We currently have several customers working with us. We generated revenue from
dispatch and logistics services. 

 Marketing
Program 

 We
expect that the business will grooving. Mr. Stoukan intends to implement marketing campaigns that will effectively target small businesses,
medium sized businesses, product sellers, and distribution companies within the target market. 

 Working
in logistics industry we observe desire truck owner operators or drivers get paid right after Bill of Lading signed and cargo unloaded,
instead of waiting 30-40 days. Factoring service can be solutions in this situation. In the simplest terms, invoice factoring is how
get paid fast in the trucking industry. It's a way to get consistent cash flow for unpaid invoices. 

3 

Drivers
agree get pay 4 (factoring fees) less than original earnings. Based on: 

 1
driver generates earnings somewhere about 40,000 in a month and 4 is 1,600. We can operate with 100 drivers at the same time during
a month. So, our expenses with 100 drivers will be 4,000,000 and 5 is 160,000. 

 Consistent
cash flow is a key in being successful in the transportation industry. It's always good to have that safety net to know you will always
get paid within 24-48 hours when you use a factoring service. 

 Base
on the above we need around 4 millions for these activities. 

 We
expect the next business activities in our next 12 months plan of operation, summarized as follows: 

1. Start
 negotiations with investors about work with us in factoring sector. 

2. Find
 the drivers, owner operators work with us to get fast payments. 

3. Provide
 all necessary paperwork: (Registration, insurance, etc.) 

4. Develop
 a network of referrals and agents working on our behalf. 

5. Develop
 an email list to contact wholesalers and retailers who ship merchandise across the US. 

6. Identify
 new customers and complete agreements with them. 

7. Continue
 to provide dispatch business. 

8. Hire
 skilled and experienced dispatchers. 

9. Develop
 incentive programs for our customers such as discounts for the cargo shipments. 

10. Organize
 uninterrupted circle logistic services: (pick up-delivery-unload-received payments) 

11. Subscribe
 agreement with freight brokers company to get more cargos for logistics. 

To
maintain the company's performance during the next 12 months, we are required around 4,000,000 plus 20,000 to be a reporting company. 

 Additional
financing is required for us to implement these planned activities. No assurance can be given that any financing, borrowing or sale
of equity will be possible when needed or that we will be able to negotiate acceptable terms in a timely fashion or even available at
all. In addition, our access to capital is affected from our ability to be profitable and generate enough revenue, as well as our own
financial condition. 

 Below
a breakdown of estimated investment for the next twelve months: 

Factoring
 service 
 4,000,000 
 
 Total: 
 4,000,000 

For
the period from July 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023, our remaining capital was 609 in cash and for the period from July 1, 2021 through
June 30, 2022 our remaining capital was 7,737 in cash and this is not enough to cover our monthly operating expenses. 

 Industry
Background and Competition 

 Less
demanded rail transport represents good growth opportunities for auto logistic, therefore the transportation and logistics services in
US develops and grows. On the one hand it is very good but on the other hand in the transport industry is highly competitive. Our competitors
consist of others small and medium nationwide transportation companies that operate their own paid off vans, with own body shops for
van repair and stable customers. 

 Advertising 

 We
do PR, browse the sites of companies who need transportation service, collect information directly from transportation brokers, manufacturers
and cargo owners. We do not carry out any additional advertising and mostly provides personal meetings, calls and leads. We suppose these
forms of advertising are the most effective for reaching potential clients in our target markets. 

4 

Business
Strategy 

 Transportation
and logistics service as a barometer of the U.S. economy, because it represents significate percent of tonnage carried by all modes of
domestic freight transportation, including manufactured and retail goods, according to the American Trucking Associations. ATA expects
transportation business continued growth and going forward. 

 We
provide management service for long and short distance logistics for clients in the Company s target market areas. The Company
offers to our clients the transportation ability to all of their hauling needs through one business which will provide them with the
ability to manage their shipments in a cost and time effective manner. The prices are determined on a shipment basis to accommodate our
customers needs based on our transportation capabilities, size and type of shipment, distance, route gas price, delivery time. 

 Our
second business activity is a dispatch service to improve the efficiency of the clients supply chain management and delivery operations.
These services are now heavily in demand among product distributors and retailers. 

 Our
business strategy steps below: 

Search
 for cargo owners and private sellers who need transportation service; 

Communicate
 with owner operators, truck drivers and cargo vans owners to use their vehicles and services
 in the short term; 

Increase
 the number of wholly-owned cargo vans; 

We
 plan to work with auto dealers to purchase our own fleet of vehicles; 

Create
 a maintenance a repair shop for vehicle repairs; 

Search
 for cargo sellers; 

Search
 for drivers; 

Purchase
 the initial cargo vans inventories for our business; 

Create
 dispatch service department 

Revenue

As
a Startup Business we expect increase gross revenue for the next 12 moths. 

 Services 

 We
offer a dispatch service and logistics services to our customers include parcel shipping services for single or multiple pallets of freight
to the destination requested by the customers. 

 As
of today, we perform transportation services for B2B costumers: Business to Business. 

 Below
is an outline of our operational steps: 

1. We
 received the order from our customers about product, cost, weight and final destination. 

2. After
 re-calculate profitability and time frame for the delivery we decide to take or not take
 this load. 

3. If
 we agree to make a deal with our driver or an independent contractor with van which is suitable
 for the carriage of such cargo going for pick-up. We select independent contractor for transportation
 based on their ability to effectively serve our customers with respect to price, technology
 capabilities, geographic coverage and quality of service. 

4. After
 that the driver sets out on the road to the final destination. 

5. After
 delivery and unloading we give invoice to our customers and waiting for the payment. 

Our
Partners 

 We
currently working with our customers based on the invoices. As a result, our revenues are concentrated in several customers and business
providers, leading us to doubt in the stability of our revenues going forward. 

5 

Employees 

 We
have only one employee - our President and Chief Executive Officer, Andrei Stoukan, who works for the business. Mr. Stoukan is our only
employee at the date of this report. We do not have an employment agreement with him. We anticipate hiring additional employees in a
future. 

 Research
and Development 

 In
the course of the reported year, we have not conducted any Research and Development. 

 Available
Information 

 Currently
our common stock is listed on OTCQB marketplace. We file annual reports, quarterly reports, and other information with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 You
can inspect and obtain a copy of our reports, proxy statements and other information filed with the SEC at the offices of the SEC s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, or call the SEC at 1-800-732-0330 for further information. The SEC
maintains an internet website at http://www.sec.gov where you can access copies of most of our SEC filings. 

 Fees 

 In
dispatch and logistics, we charge depending on working time and distance. In selling process, we based on reasonable margin between wholesale
price and retail price. 

 For
the period from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023 we generated revenues from our customers based on the above principle. 

 Governmental
Regulation 

 We
are subject to federal, state, local regulation and other regulations applicable to our transportation business. 

 Item
1A. Risk Factors 

 An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other
information in this prospectus before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results
and financial condition could be seriously harmed. Currently, shares of our common stock are publicly traded. The trading price of our
common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

 Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Business Model 

 We
are an emerging growth company with five years historical performance to base an investment decision upon, and we may never become profitable. 

 We
were formed in June 23, 2017. From July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023, we have had revenues of 296,422. Our operating expenses 35,136, Our
Cost of Sales 268,414 include Logistic, Dispatcher Service, Call center . Our net loss (7,128). We have 5 years historical performance
upon which you may evaluate our prospects for achieving our business objectives and becoming profitable in light of the risks, difficulties
and uncertainties frequently encountered by emerging grow companies such as us. To be successful and implement our planned activities
we need additional financing which we may not be able to get. 

 Accordingly,
before investing in our common stock, you should consider the challenges, expenses and difficulties that we will face as an early-stage
logistic company, and whether we will ever become profitable. 

6 

Risks
associated with operating in a high-competition industry 

 We
face substantial competition in the industry. Due to our small size, it can be assumed that many of our competitors have significantly
greater financial, technical, marketing and other competitive resources. These competitors already have a fleet of vehicles for processing
shipments. Accordingly, these competitors may have already begun to establish brand-recognition with consumers. We will attempt to compete
against these competitors by developing features that exceed the features offered by competitors. However, we cannot assure you that
our shipment services will outperform competing products or those competitors will not develop new products that exceed what we provide.
In addition, we may face competition based on price. If our competitors lower the prices on their services, then it may not be possible
for us to market our services at prices that are economically viable. 

 There
are a large number of logistic companies that operate in the US, big and small, with various services in search and delivery of goods.
Their costs and the expenses are possible lower than ours, therefore we indicated this situation as a high competition area. Also, some
companies prefer use 48 or 53 ft. semi-trucks with possible to load more pallets. The standard
size for a pallet is 48x45. In a 53-foot truck they can fit 26 pallets in total, 13 on each side or 52 if double stacked. In a 48-foot
truck its 24 pallets, 12 on each side or 48 if double stacked. This is when all pallets loaded sideways. 

 Cargo
van (Mercedes Sprinter 2500) able to take only 4 pallets. In this case, the carrying capacity is our main drawback. Since we don t
use big semi-trucks and trailers, which we do not have, we may be not competitive and unsuccessful in generating sufficient revenue to
compete in our business or to become profitable. Should we fail to effectively compete and differentiate ourselves from competitors by
developing new business ideas and strategies that will differentiate us from our competition, we will not compete effectively, and our
market share, revenues, and growth prospects may be adversely affected and we may be forced to reduce prices and/or limit price increases,
which may result in materially reduced margins, net income or market share. 

 As
the small logistic company, we plan to buy and operate our own vans where the transportation expenses highly depend of fuel price, driver s
salary, maintenance, dispatch cost, insurance cost and others, therefore we can t exactly predict the final expenses when we receive
the order. There is a risk that our final expenses will be higher than others logistic companies and our customers can discontinue work
with us. As a result, we have to be flexible and keep reasonable prices for our customers. Accordingly, because our revenue source is
limited to those fees, we may be unsuccessful in generating sufficient revenue to compete in our business or to become profitable. 

 Risk
relating the possibility of not achieving expected revenue 

 If
we are unable to generate sufficient revenues for our operations, we will need financing, which we may be unable to obtain; should we
fail to obtain sufficient financing, our potential revenues will be negatively impacted. 

 From
July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023 our revenue was 296,422. Because we have small revenues, our future revenues are unpredictable. After
our S1 form was declared effective our expenses to be the reporting company may be around 20,000- 30,000 annually. As of June 30, 2023,
we had only 609 in cash. If we fail to generate sufficient revenues to meet our monthly operating costs and can t get alternative
sources of income, then we will not be able to continue our business. We intend to raise additional funds from an offering of our stock
in the future; however, this offering may never occur, or if it occurs, we may be unable to raise the required funding. 

 Risk
if we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to run our business and maintain our reporting obligations with the SEC 

 Expenses
required to operate a public company will reduce funds available to develop our business and could negatively affect our stock price
and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

 Operating
as a public company is more expensive than operating as a private company, including additional funds required to obtain outside assistance
from legal, audit, transfer agent, EDGAR, market maker or other professionals that could be more expensive than expected. We may also
be required to hire additional staff to comply with SEC reporting requirements. We anticipate that these costs will be approximately
 30,000 per year. Our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities laws could negatively affect our
stock price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If we fail to meet these requirements,
we will be unable to secure a qualification for quotation of our securities on the OTCQB, or if we have secured a qualification, we may
lose the qualification and our securities would no longer trade on the OTCQB. Further, if we fail to meet these obligations and consequently
fail to satisfy our SEC reporting obligations, investors will then own stock in a company that does not provide the disclosure available
in quarterly, annual reports and other required SEC reports that would be otherwise publicly available leading to increased difficulty
in selling their stock due to our becoming a non-reporting issuer. 

7 

Risk
relating when revenue comes from the several groups of customers 

 Our
revenue is coming from companies and private clients and could be reduced if any of these decrease their orders or they cease using our
services. 

 During
reporting year, we provide dispatch service for our client CVK Express LLC and generated revenue 296,422. 

 As
a result, our revenues are mostly coming from dispatch service . If we are unable to expend our customer base, our revenues and results
of operations will be negatively impacted. 

 Risk
of dilution 

 We
may issue additional shares of our common stock to raise capital that will cause dilution to our existing shareholders. 

 The
source of additional capital to conduct our business will be through the sale of our common stock. Any sales of our common stock will
result in dilution to our existing shareholders. As a result, our net income per share, if any, could decrease in future periods, and
the market price of our common stock could decline. Further, the perceived risk of dilution may cause our stockholders to sell their
shares, which would contribute to a reduction in the selling price of our common stock. 

 The
risk in received payment later or not get it at all 

 After
job is completed, we have to wait up to 30 days to receive the payment. Therefore, our everyday expenses can be hire then our cash flow
and delay in payments may force us to temporarily suspend the work. 

 Sometimes
we are faced with situations where for various reasons, the broker does not want to make payment or partially withholds it. This happens
if we figure out the driver s fraud that cargo has been delivered or messed up. 

 The
risk if our vehicles are damaged or break down, we may not be able to service our customers and we could lose them. 

 We
plan to purchase new vans. However long-distance operations, insufficient experience of drivers, overload, engine overheating or others
mechanical failure will increase the shipping time. Therefore, if we don't provide our services in a satisfactory manner, we can lose
the customers. 

 Risks
related to our management 

 Our
management has control of our common stock and our shareholders will have limited or no input on any management decisions. 

 Our
management provide their services on a part-time basis. They may not be able or willing to devote a sufficient amount of time to our
business operations, causing our business to fail. 

 We
do not have an employment agreement with management, nor do we maintain key life insurance. Currently, we do not have any full or part-time
employees. If the demands of our business require the full business time of our management, it is possible that they may not be able
to devote sufficient time to the management of our business, as and when needed. If our management is unable to devote a sufficient amount
of time to manage our operations, our business will fail. 

 Our
President, CEO and Director, Andrei Stoukan care the company. As our officer, he will manage our day-to-day operations. Even if matters
are submitted to a shareholder vote, he will be able to control the outcome of that vote. Therefore, as a minority shareholder, you will
have no or limited say in our company management. Unless you are willing to entrust all aspects of our business and operations to Andrei
Stoukan, you should not invest in our shares of common stock. 

8 

The
risk of losing the ability to use the services of our majority shareholder, our financial condition and proposed expansion may be negatively
impacted 

 We
depend upon the services of our key executives, Andrei Stoukan. We do not have employment contracts with him and he can discontinue his
service in any time. We are unable to replace his services with equally competent and experienced personnel, our operational goals and
strategies may be adversely affected, which will negatively affect our potential revenues. 

 The
risk of incompetence and lack of experience of our management in managing day-to-day public company 

 Our
management has a short-term experience in managing day-to-day public company; as a result, we may incur additional management related
expenses pertaining to SEC reporting obligations and SEC compliance matters. 

 Our
President and Chief Executive Officer, Andrei Stoukan, is responsible for managing us, including compliance with SEC reporting obligations,
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 

 The
risk working without audit committee 

 We
do not have an audit committee, or Board of Directors that composed of independent directors. These functions are performed by the Board
of Directors as a whole. Because no members of the Board of Directors are independent directors, there is a potential conflict between
our director s interests and our shareholders interests. 

 As
an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, we are permitted to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. 

 As
a company with less than 1.0 billion in total annual gross revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth
company as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we are deemed to be an emerging growth company, it may take advantage of specified
reduced reporting and other regulatory requirements that are generally unavailable to other public companies. These provisions include: 

(a) an
 exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth
 company's internal controls over financial reporting; 

b) an
 exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they would
 apply to private companies; 

c) an
 exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's
 report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the
 audit and the financial statements of the issuer; 

d) reduced
 disclosure about the emerging growth company's executive compensation arrangements; 

e) a
 requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of
 related Management's Discussion and Analysis included in an initial public offering registration
 statement; 

f) an
 exemption to provide less than five years of selected financial data in an initial public
 offering registration statement. 

As
an emerging growth company, we are exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder
approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. 

9 

Also,
we exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report,
attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting.
Similarly, as a Smaller Reporting Company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and our independent registered
public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
until such time as we cease being a Smaller Reporting Company. 

 Section
107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have
elected to take advantage of the benefit of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable
to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We would cease to be an emerging growth company upon
the earliest of: 

i the
 first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1 billion or more; 

ii the
 date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion
 in non-convertible debt securities; 

iii as
 of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
 exceeded 700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. 

Risks
Related to this Offering 

 We
have arbitrarily determined the offering price and terms of the common stock shares being offered through our Prospectus. 

 The
fifty cents 0.50) offering price of the common stock shares has been arbitrarily determined and bears no relationship to our assets
or book value, or other investment or valuation criteria. No independent appraiser has valued our common stock shares. Accordingly, there
is no basis upon which to determine whether the offering price is indicative of any real underlying share value that our selling shareholders
are offering. We urge all prospective investors to seek counsel with their legal, financial or tax advisor, or other trusted professional
regarding the offering price, the offering terms, and the advisability of investing in the common stock shares, or not. 

 Risks
related to the market for our common stock 

 Our
common stock is currently quoted on OTCQB market. We have a public market for our stock. Our ticker symbol UNXP. Presently, we working
with Glendale Securities market maker to set up market for our common stock that will be selling shareholders are offering. As of the
day of this 10K report, our shares get value of 1,58. Even after obtain a bid price, there is no assurance that a sufficiently active
market will develop to sell your shares. Accordingly, the purchaser of the common stock shares should consider that their shares may
be illiquid and/or present difficulties in their sale or transferability. 

 Our
financial and operating performance is adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic 

 The
outbreak of a strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the U.S. has had an impact on our business operations. Mandatory closures
of businesses approved by the federal and state governments to control the spread of the virus is disrupted the operations of our business.
In addition, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected the U.S. economy and financial markets, which may result in a long-term economic
downturn that could negatively affect future performance. The extent to which COVID-19 will impact our business and our consolidated
financial results will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at the time. 

 Climate-related
risks 

 Statement
about Climate change and the energy transition to a low-carbon economy pose a systemic risk in transportation business. Many risks are
already taking effect, impacting the cost of goods, diesel price, logistics across multiple sectors. Our company recognize and appraise
physical and transitional climate risks. We disclose these risks and the board s approach to their management. We consider the
Company s current level of disclosure to be sufficient for investors to fully appraise its material climate-related risks and opportunities. 

 Climate
change, climate change-related regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our businesses and our operations, and any
actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation. 

 Also,
risks related to climate-related business trends, and risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change. 

 In
this year we hadn t any vehicle on our balance. 

10 

The
risk of reduce the price of our stock 

 Our
common stock price may be volatile and could fluctuate widely in price, which could result in substantial losses for investors. In addition,
the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common
stock. 

 Because
we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

 We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance
our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment of future dividends
will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors after considering whether we have generated sufficient revenues, our financial
condition, results of operating, cash flows, growth plans and other factors. Accordingly, investors that are seeking cash dividends should
not purchase our common stock. 

 Upon
effectiveness of our registration statement, we are subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. 

 Our
registration statement was effective 03/5/2019 and now we are subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements according to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. As a Section 15(d) filer, we will be required to file quarterly and annual reports during the fiscal year in which
our registration statement is declared effective; however, such duty to file reports shall be suspended as to any fiscal year, other
than the fiscal year within which such registration statement became effective, if, at the beginning of such fiscal year the securities
of each class are held of record by less than 300 persons. In addition, as a filer subject to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, we are
not required to prepare proxy or information statements; our common stock will not be subject to the protection of the going private
regulations; we will be subject to only limited portions of the tender offer rules; our officers, directors, and more than ten (10 percent shareholders are not required to file beneficial ownership reports about their holdings in our company; that these persons will
not be subject to the short-swing profit recovery provisions of the Exchange Act; and that more than five percent (5 holders of classes
of our equity securities will not be required to report information about their ownership positions in the securities. As such, shareholders
will not have access to certain material information which would otherwise be required if it was a fully reporting company pursuant to
an Exchange Act registration. 

 We
will be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling your shares. 

 Because
our securities are considered a penny stock, shareholders will be more limited in their ability to sell their shares. Broker-dealer practices
in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on some national
securities exchanges or quoted on Nasdaq). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not
otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and
the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer
quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer
is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market, and
monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, broker-dealers
who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written
determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to
the transaction. Consequently, these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary
market for a security subject to the penny stock rules, and investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. 

11 

Nevada
Anti-Takeover Laws 

 Nevada
Revised Statutes sections 78.378 to 78.379 provide state regulation over the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada
corporations unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation provide that the provisions of these sections do not apply.
Our articles of incorporation and bylaws do not state that these provisions do not apply. The statute creates a number of restrictions
on the ability of a person or entity to acquire control of a Nevada company by setting down certain rules of conduct and voting restrictions
in any acquisition attempt, among other things. The statute is limited to corporations that are organized in the state of Nevada and
that have 200 or more stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of the State of Nevada; and does business
in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. Because of these conditions, the statute currently does not apply
to our company. 

 Opt-in
right for emerging growth company 

 We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of
the JOBS Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public
and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not
be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

 Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

 Item
2. Properties 

 Our
office is approximately 500 square feet and is adequate for our needs. We don t pay rent, phone or other expenses related use the
office. Our CEO Andrei Stoukan share his private residence with us. 

 Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

 During
the past 10 years, none of our current directors, nominees for directors or current executive officers has been 

 involved
in any legal proceeding identified in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K, including: 

1. Any
 petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against,
 or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business
 or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at
 or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association
 of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such
 filing; 

2. Any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being named a subject of a pending criminal proceeding
 (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. Being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
 of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from,
 or otherwise limiting, the following activities: i. Acting as a futures commission merchant,
 introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission,
 or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter,
 broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
 company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing
 any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; ii. Engaging in any type of business
 practice; or iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any
 security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities
 laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4. Being
 subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
 of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than
 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity
 Futures Trading Commission, securities, investment, or banking activities, or to be associated
 with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5. Being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated
 any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by
 the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6. Being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures
 Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such
 civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. Being
 subject to, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment,
 decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged
 violation of: i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or ii.
 Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including,
 but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition
 order; or iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
 with any business entity; or 

8. Being
 subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or
 vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange
 Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the
 Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity
 or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with
 a member. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

12 

PART
II 

 Item
5. Markets for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

 Market
Information 

 As
of the day of this form, we had 54 non-affiliated shareholders in our record held 1,591,000 common shares with currently quotation 1.58.
EMPIRE STOCK TRANSFER is our transfer agent. Located: 1859 WHITNEY MESA DR. HENDERSON, NV 89014. Telephone (702) 818-5898 

 Holders 

 For
the 12 months period ended June 30, 2023 we have changes in our common stock. 

 As
of June 30, 2023, there were 15,592,000 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding. 

 4,667,000
were held by Cristophe Beverly Hills, LLC., address: 35 Raymond St Darien, CT 06820, 

 9,334,000
were held by Unity Global FZCO, address: Dubai Silicon Oasis, DDP Bldg. A2 Dubai, UAE and 1,591,000 were held by 54 non-affiliated shareholders. 

 Dividends 

 We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance
our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment of future dividends
will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors after considering whether we have generated sufficient revenues, our financial
condition, results of operating, cash flows, growth plans and other factors. Accordingly, investors that are seeking cash dividends should
not purchase our common stock. 

 Equity
Compensation Plans 

 We
do not have any equity compensation plans. 

 Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 For
the 12 months period ended June 30, 2023 we have not sold unregistered securities. 

 Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

 Emerging
growth company is not required to provide the information required by this Item 6. 

 Item
7. Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 

 The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the balance sheet as of June 30,2023 and the financial statements
for the period from July 1,2022 to June 30, 2023 included herein. The results shown herein are not necessarily indicative of the results
to be expected for any future periods. 

 This
discussion contains forward-looking statements, based on current expectations with respect to future events and financial performance
and operating results, which statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those discussed below and
elsewhere in this Prospectus that could cause actual results to differ from the results contemplated by this forward-looking statement.
We urge you to carefully consider the information set forth in this Prospectus under the heading Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements and Risk Factors . 

13 

General
discussion 

 We
are an emerging growth company incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 23, 2017. The United Express Inc. was developed to provide
a comprehensive management service for long and short distance logistics for clients in the Company s target market area. The Company
will offer its clients the transportation ability to all of their hauling needs through one business which will provide them with the
ability to manage their shipments in a cost and time effective manner. 

 Overview 

 We
are a company with constant revenue generating options. We are currently focused on expanding our network of new customers, dispatch
service, shipping companies and independent transportation providers. 

 Results
of operations 

 For
the period from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023 we provided mostly dispatch and logistic service and receive 296,422 in revenue from our
customers. 

 Our
expenses for this period compose 303,550 include General and administration expense 19,536, OTC Market 15,600, Logistic, Dispatcher
service, freight brokerage 268,414, Our total assets were 609. 

 For
the period from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022 we provided dispatch service, logistic business activities, sell home and commercial used
appliances and receive 1,069,004 in revenue from our customers. 

 We
received 648,034 for our dispatch service from CVK Express, from appliances companies we generated revenue 360,610. The remining revenue
 60,360 we received from our logistic business activities. 

 Our
expenses for this period compose 1,131,648 include General and administration expense 20,108, OTC Market 15,120, Logistic, Dispatcher
service, freight brokerage 690,270, costs of appliances 403,650 and Equipment rent 2,500. Our total assets were 7,737. 

 Based
on compare information between two years we have decreased our revenue from 1,069,004 to 296,422 however our expenses also decreased
from 1,131,648 to 303,550. Our net loss 67,813 in last year was changed to net loss 7,128 in this year. Our assets have decreased
from 7,737 to 609. 

 Liquidity 

 For
the period from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023, we had revenue 296,422. 

 At
June 30, 2023, we had 609 in cash for our operations and it is also our total assets. We will attempt to fund from our future operations,
which may be insufficient to fund such amounts and there is no assurance our estimates of these costs are accurate. 

 For
the period from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022, we had revenue 1,069,004. 

 At
June 30, 2022, we had 7,737 in cash for our operations and it is also our total assets. We will attempt to fund from our future operations,
which may be insufficient to fund such amounts and there is no assurance our estimates of these costs are accurate. 

 Plan
of Operations 

1. Start
 negotiations with investors about work with us in factoring sector. 

2. Find
 the drivers, owner operators work with us to get fast payments. 

3. Provide
 all necessary paperwork: (Registration, insurance, etc.) 

4. Develop
 a network of referrals and agents working on our behalf. 

5. Develop
 an email list to contact wholesalers and retailers who ship merchandise across the US. 

6. Identify
 new customers and complete agreements with them. 

7. Continue
 to provide dispatch business. 

8. Hire
 skilled and experienced dispatchers. 

9. Develop
 incentive programs for our customers such as discounts for the cargo shipments. 

10. Organize
 uninterrupted circle logistic services: (pick up-delivery-unload-received payments) 

11. Subscribe
 agreement with freight brokers company to get more cargos for logistics. 

14 

We
anticipate that the cost of the foregoing activities will be 4 millions plus 30,000 to be a reporting company. 

 Additional
financing is required for us to implement these planned activities. We anticipate obtaining such financing by way of public offerings
of equity securities. No assurance can be given that any financing, borrowing or sale of equity or debt will be possible when needed
or that we will be able to negotiate acceptable terms in a timely fashion or even available at all. In addition, our access to capital
is affected by prevailing conditions in the financial and equity capital markets, as well as our own financial condition. 

 Our
CEO will provide the services above. Our Chief Executive Officer and director, Andrei Stoukan is responsible for the development of our
incentive programs, creation of all advertisements and marketing materials, attending tradeshows and identifying and conducting due diligence
on additional customers. 

 As
of June 30, 2023, we had cash of 609 and as of June 30,2022, we had cash of 7,736 respectively. There is no assurance our estimates
of our current and future costs are accurate or that our revenues will be sufficient to fund the cost of our existing operations or 12-month
plan of operations. If our revenues are not sufficient to fund operations we will require additional debt or equity funding to continue
our operations. Should this occur, we hope to be able to raise additional funds from an offering of our stock in the future. However,
this offering may not occur, or if it occurs, may not raise the required funding. We do not have any plans or specific agreements for
new sources of funding. If we are unable to obtain required capital to fund our operations, we will have to reduce 12-month plan of operations
or discontinue our operations. 

 Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We
do not have any off-balance arrangements that would have any current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital recourses. 

 Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

 Not
applicable. We have no investments in market risk sensitive instruments or in any other type of securities. 

15 

Item
8. Financial Statements 

 UNITED
EXPRESS, INC. 

 (A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) 

 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

 UNITED
EXPRESS, INC. 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accountant 
 F-1 
 
 Audited
 Financial Statements 

Balance
 Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 F-2 
 
 Statements
 of Operations for the years ended of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Stockholders Equity for the years ended of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for years ended of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-6
 - F-11 

16 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The Board
of Directors and Shareholders of United Express, Inc. 

 Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of United Express, Inc. (a Nevada Corporation), as of June 30, 2023, and the related statements
of operations, changes in stockholder s equity and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes. In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company on June 30, 2023, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

PCAOB

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

August
05, 2023 

F- 1 

UNITED
EXPRESS, INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEET (AUDITED) 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

June
 30, 2023 
 
 June
 30, 2022 

Unaudited 
 
 Audited 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT
 ASSETS: 

Cash 

TOTAL
 CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Accrued
 Accounts Payable 

Accrued
 Taxes 

TOTAL
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Common
 stock, par
 value; shares
 authorized shares
 issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 
 at June 30, 2022 respectively 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Net
 Profit (loss) accumulated during development stage 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
notes to financial statements 

F- 2 

UNITED
EXPRESS INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS (AUDITED) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

For
 the year ended June 30, 2023 
 For
 the year ended June 30, 2022 
 
 REVENUES 

Sales 

TOTAL
 REVENUES 
 296,422 
 1,069,004 

COST
 OF SALES 

Logistic,
 Dispatcher Service, Call center, Cargo brokerage 

Used
 Appliances 

Equipment
 Rental 

TOTAL
 COST OF GOODS SOLD 

GROSS
 PROFIT (LOSS) 

Operating
 expenses: 

OTC
 Market 

General
 and administration expense 

TOTAL
 OPERATING EXPENSES 

Net
 Profit (loss) accumulated during development stage 

INCOME
 TAXES 

DEPRECIATION
 EXPENSE 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) PER BASIC AND DILUTED SHARE 

WEIGHTED
 AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

See
notes to financial statements 

F- 3 

UNITED
EXPRESS INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (AUDITED) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 Par
 Value 
 APIC 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance,
 June 23, 2017 (Inception) 

Capital 

Stocks
 for Cash 

Stocks
 for Invested Capital 

Net
 Loss 

Balance,
 June 30, 2018 

Net
 profit 

Balance,
 June 30, 2019 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 June 30, 2020 

Net
 Income 

Balance,
 June 30, 2021 

Purchased
 by non-affiliate investors 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 June 30, 2022 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 June 30, 2023 

See
notes to financial statements 

4 

UNITED
EXPRESS INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS (AUDITED) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

For
 the year ended June 30, 2023 
 For
 the year ended June 30, 2022 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 income (loss) 

Depreciation 

Sale
 of asset 

Accrued
 Expenses 

NET
 CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchase
 of Automobile Repair 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from sale of common stock 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

NET
 INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH
 AND CASH EQ - BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH
 AND CASH EQ - ENDING OF PERIOD 

See
notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

UNITED
EXPRESS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

operating
revenues for the 12 months period ended June 30,2023 and 
 for the 12 months period ended June 30, 2022.
Revenues were generated from customers payments. The Company is currently devoting of its present efforts to establishing the
transportation and dispatch business. 

per
institution. Our cash were within FDIC insured limits. 

shares of common shares with a par value of 
 per share. 

 As
of June 30, 2023, there were 
 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding. 

were held by Cristophe Beverly Hills, LLC., address:
35 Raymond St Darien, CT 06820, 
 were held by Unity Global FZCO, address: Dubai
Silicon Oasis, DDP Bldg. A2 Dubai, UAE and 
 were held by 54 non-affiliated shareholders. 

As
of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, there were outstanding stock options or warrants. 

ASC
Subtopic 740.10. 30 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements
and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Subtopic 740.10 provides guidance on recognition and measuring tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return that directly or indirectly affect amounts reported in financial statements. We had tax positions
for this reporting periods presented. Our Net loss for the period ended June 30, 2023 ) ,
and we don t have a tax obligation in this period. 

and Net loss ) 
 from operations. For the 12 months period ended
June 30, 2022, the Company had a cash balance of and
net loss from
operations. 

 This
continuing loss is a negative development dynamic and raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management believes that the Company's capital requirements will depend on many factors including the success of our development efforts
and our efforts to raise capital. Management also believes the Company needs to raise additional capital for working purposes. There
is no assurance that such financing will be available in the future. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 9 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

 Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

 As
of the end of the period covered by this Report, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Andrei Stoukan, is responsible for managing
us, including compliance with SEC reporting obligations, and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting. These public reporting requirements and controls will require us to obtain outside assistance from legal, accounting
or other professionals that will increase our costs of doing business. Should we fail to comply with SEC reporting and internal controls
and procedures and to otherwise comply with other securities law provisions, our costs will increase and negatively affect our results
of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Also, if we fail to comply with SEC reporting and internal controls and procedures,
we may be subject to securities laws violations that may result in additional compliance costs or costs associated with SEC judgments
or fines, both of which will increase our costs and negatively affect our potential profitability and our ability to conduct our business. 

 Item
9B. Other Information 

 None. 

25 

PART
III 

 Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 Our
sole officer and director and his age and positions held since inception are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions
 Held Since June 23, 2017 
 
 Andrei
 Stoukan 
 51 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, and Director 

Andrei
Stoukan has been our Chief Executive Officer and Director since our inception from June 23, 2017 to present time. Company registered
address: 4345 w. Post Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89118 

 Term
of Office 

 Our
director is appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from
office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board,
subject to their respective employment agreements. 

 Significant
Employees 

 We
have no significant employees other than our officer and director. 

 Family
Relationships 

 There
are no family relationships between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors
or executive officer. 

 Corporate
Governance and Board Committees 

 Our
Board of Directors has not established an audit, executive or director compensation committee, nominating or governance committees as
standing committees or other board committee performing equivalent functions. Our Board of Directors does not have an executive committee
or committees performing similar functions. The one member of our Board of Directors will participate in discussions concerning the matters
that are performed by these committees. 

 No
Director Independence 

 Our
Board of Directors has determined that no members of the Board are independent under the definition set forth in the listing
standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market, which is the definition that our Board of Directors has chosen to use for the purposes of the determining
independence, as the OTCQB does not provide such a definition. Therefore, none of our current Board members are independent. 

 Other
Directorships 

 None
of our directors are officers and directors of other Securities and Exchange Commission reporting companies. 

 Conflicts
of Interest 

 The Company
currently has no conflicts of interest. 

 Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

 There
are no legal proceedings that have occurred for the period covered by this report concerning the company, our director, or control persons
which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one's participation in the
securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

26 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

 Compensation
Table 

 The
table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Chief Executive Officer, who occupied such position at
the end of our latest fiscal year. 

Name 
 Title 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock
 Awards 
 Option
 Awards 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-Qualified
 Deferred Compensation 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Andrei
 Stoukan 
 CEO
 and Director 
 2023/2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0/0 
 0/0 

Our
director did not receive salary compensation for his services as director for the year ended June 30, 2023. We have a plan for compensating
our director for his services when will be profitable. 

 Summary
Compensation 

 As of June
30, 2023, we had no health, hospitalization, or medical reimbursement or relocation plans in effect. Further, we had no pension plans
or plans or agreements which provide compensation on the event of termination of employment or corporate change in control. We have no
long-term equity incentive plans. 

 Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

 The
following tables set forth as of June 30, 2023. The ownership of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner
of more than 5 of our outstanding voting securities, our directors, our executive officers, and our executive officers and directors
as a group. To the best of our knowledge, the persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except
as otherwise noted. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control. The information presented
below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. 

 Under
these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has shared the power to vote or direct
the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially
any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion
or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner
of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number
of shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting
or investment power within 60 days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which
such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such
percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws,
we believe that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares
shown. This table is based upon information derived from our stock records. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table
and subject to community property laws where applicable, each of the shareholders named in this table has sole or shared voting and investment
power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. 

Title
 of class 
 Ownership
 Holder: 
 Amount
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Direct
 Ownership 
 Indirect
 Ownership 
 Percent
 of class 
 
 Common 
 Unity
 Global FZCO 
 9,334,000 
 9,334,000 
 9,334,000 
 60 
 
 Common 
 Cristophe
 Beverly Hills, LLC 
 4,667,000 
 4,667,000 
 4,667,000 
 30 
 
 Total 
 
 14,001,000 
 14,001,000 
 14,001,000 
 90 

This
table is based upon information derived from our stock records. Applicable percentages are based upon 15,592,000 shares of common stock
outstanding as of the date of this report. 

27 

TRANSACTIONS
WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS 

 We
have not a related party transaction for the 12 months period ended June 30, 2023. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

 We
did not grant any options or stock appreciation rights to our named executive officer or director from our inception to the date of this
report. As of the date of this report, we did not have any stock option plans. 

 Employment
Agreement 

 We have
no employment agreement with our officer and director. 

 Pension,
Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

 There
are no agreements, arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits to our director or executive officer.
We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans in which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive
officers. 

 Compensation
Committee 

 We do not
currently have a compensation committee of the Board of Directors or a committee performing similar functions. The Board of Directors
as a whole participates in the consideration of executive officer and director compensation. 

 Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 We paid
to our auditor Yusufali Associates, LLC for professional services rendered for the review and audit of our financial statements
 11,300. 

28 

PART
IV 

 Item
15. Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 Certification
 by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, (filed hereto) 
 
 32.1 
 Certification
 by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed
 hereto) 

29 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

United
 Express Inc. 

August
 9, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Andrei Stoukan 

Andrei
 Stoukan 

President,
 CEO and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

United
 Express Inc. 

August
 9, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Andrei Stoukan 

Andrei
 Stoukan 

Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Accounting and Financial Officer and Director 

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT
31.1 

 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended 

 I,
Andrei Stoukan, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this yearly report on Form 10-K of United Express, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
 recent fiscal year that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
 financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditor and
 the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 August 9, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/Andrei
 Stoukan 

Andrei
 Stoukan(CEO) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1 

 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I, Andrei
Stoukan, the officer of the United Express Inc. (the Company), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

The
 Yearly Report on Form 10-K of the company for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
 and 

The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 August 9, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/Andrei
 Stoukan 

Andrei
 Stoukan(CEO) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 unxp-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 unxp-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 unxp-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 unxp-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

