<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230801_10-K_edgar_data_1867956_0001683168-23-005190.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1616844</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52355</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>408011</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>317335</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>345008</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>460572</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-005190.hdr.sgml : 20230801
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230801090149
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-005190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230801
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230801

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Linktory Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001867956
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41533
		FILM NUMBER:		231129832

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BULEVARDI DESHMORET E KOMBIT, TWIN TOWER
		CITY:			TIRANA
		STATE:			B3
		ZIP:			1001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7026604903

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BULEVARDI DESHMORET E KOMBIT, TWIN TOWER
		CITY:			TIRANA
		STATE:			B3
		ZIP:			1001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-005190.txt : 20230801

10-K
 1
 linktory_i10k-053123.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

Mark One 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

 ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to _______ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 7370 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
 Classification Number) 
 
 EIN 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, Twin Tower 

 , 

 +1- - 

 linktoryinc@yahoo.com 

 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, 

 including area code, of registrant s principal
executive offices) 

Incorp Services, Inc 

 3773 Howard Hughes Parkway Suite 500 S 

 Las Vegas, NV 89169-6014 

 +1 (702) 866-2500 

 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for
service) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Applicable Only to Issuer Involved in Bankruptcy Proceedings During
the Preceding Five Years. N/A 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer has filed all documents and
reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 after the distribution of securities under
a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 

Class 
 Outstanding as of May 31, 2023 
 
 Common Stock: 0.0001 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the stock was last sold as of November 30, 2022 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART 1 
 
 ITEM 1 
 Description of Business 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff comments 
 4 
 
 ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 4 
 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 4 
 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 4 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 5 
 
 ITEM 6 
 (Reversed) 
 5 
 
 ITEM 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 5 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 7 
 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 7 
 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 7 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 7 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 9 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 9 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company 
 10 
 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 11 
 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 11 
 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 12 
 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 12 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 
 Exhibits 
 13 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms
such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate 
or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such
statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to
differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation
subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT OUR COMPANY 

Linktory Inc. was incorporated in the State of
Nevada on March 31, 2021. Our company is a new venture that intends to specialize in the creation, development, optimization
and implementation of a complex product for the development of a service sector (restaurants, cafes, night clubs, karaoke, hotels, museums,
etc.) by creating highly functional chatbots in popular messengers, such as Telegram and Facebook Messenger. In the future, we also plan
to implement our product in other messengers: WhatsApp, Viber, WeChat etc. 

We are planning to offer a full cycle of works,
starting from the creation of chatbots according to the requirements of the customers, as well as by joining our existing unique services
for the restaurant business, which has a wide functionality and capabilities, that will be useful both for the restaurants and other catering
establishments and for their visitors also. With the help of our services and products, restaurants will be able to: add menus, accept
table reservations, create event announcements, add information about news, promotions and discounts, accept payments, send mailings and
notifications to those visitors who will subscribe for its news. 

For the visitors of restaurants, cafes and other
catering establishments, there will be a convenient opportunity to: reserve a table, to make an order in for a specific time), read the
information about the dishes from the menu, pay the bill and learn about new products, services, promotions and events. 

Contact We are also planning
to add a system of affiliate referral rewards for attracting new visitors. 

We are currently negotiating with different
restaurants in Tirana and Durres to launch our product directly in their establishments. 

Our Web Site The Company has already
bought a website and two chatbots. They are fully functional and ready to use. 

 Website address: https://linktorybot.com/. 

Our Chatbots The chatbots addresses
are: https://t.me/linktory_bot and https://m.me//linktory.inc/. In our chatbots, people can register as a restaurant owner or representative
and as a restaurant visitor also. Each category of users has its own additional menus for more detailed and useful information. 

Revenue 

During the year ended May 31, 2023 we have generated
 11,305 for consulting services provided and in May 31, 2022 the Company has generated 2,055. The Company possesses assets in a form
of an operative website and two chatbots in Telegram and Facebook. We have already bought a website and two chatbots. They are fully
functional and ready to use. 

3 

Competition 

The market for direct marketing is highly competitive. Results
of operations will depend upon numerous factors, some beyond our control, including regulatory actions, market acceptance of our products
and services, new products and service introductions, and competition. 

Marketing 

We plan to focus on direct sales online as we
get started. Once we build a reputation and customer base, it will be easier to attract customers. To promote our website and chatbots,
we are planning to use On-line Directories and Databases and Social Media. 

Item 1.A. Risk Factors. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Currently we don t own any properties. Our
business office is located at Bulevardi Deshmoret e Kombit, Twin Tower, Tirana, Albania 1001. This address was provided by sole officer
and president, Granit Gjoni. 

Our telephone number is +17026604903. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings,
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

4 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The company stock is not trading at the moment. 

Registered Holders of our Common Stock 

As of May 31, 2023, there were approximately 33
record owners of our common stock including director. 

Dividends 

The Company has never declared or paid cash dividends
on its common stock and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During our fiscal years ended May 31, 2022 and
2023, we had no sales of unregistered shares. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, and
2023 the Company did not repurchase any shares of its Common Stock. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

We are a development stage corporation with limited
operations and little revenues from our business operations. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that our auditors
believe there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months. We do not anticipate that
we will generate significant revenues until we have raised the funds necessary to conduct a marketing program. 

PLAN OF OPERATION 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2023 COMPARED TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31,
2022. 

Our net loss for the fiscal year ended May 31,
2023 was 40,949 compared to a net loss of 27,482 during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. For the year ended May 31, 2023 we have
generated 11,305 for consulting services provided and for the year ended May 31, 2022 the Company has generated 2,055. 

Expenses incurred were 52,254 during fiscal year
ended May 31, 2023 compared to 29,537 during fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. Expenses increased due to the Company s operational
activities. 

The number of shares outstanding was 5,920,000
for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

5 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

FISCAL YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2023 AND 2022. 

As of May 31, 2023, our total assets were 11,332
consisting of capital raised from issuance of common stock and Intangible Asset. 

As of May 31, 2022, our total assets were 34,210 consisting of capital
raised from issuance of common stock and Intangible Asset. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

We have not generated positive cash flows from
operating activities for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities was 29,549 and 16,082. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

We have not generated cash flows from investing
activities for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

 We have financed our operations primarily from
either advances from our sole executive or the issuance of equity. For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing
activities was 9,671. For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, net cash from financing activities was 38,292. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

GOING CONCERN 

There is no historical financial information about
us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have not generated any revenues. We cannot
guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business
enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products. 

We have no assurance that future financing will
be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or
expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. 

The extent of the impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak on the financial performance of the Company will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak
and related advisories and restrictions and the impact of COVID-19 on the overall economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted. If the overall economy is impacted for an extended period, the Company s future operating results may be materially
adversely affected. 

6 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s
application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with
the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The Company s Financial Statements required
by Item 8, together with the reports thereon of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth on pages F-1 through F-9
of this report and are incorporated by reference in this Item 8. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accounting
and Financial Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management necessarily
applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable
assurance regarding management s control objectives. 

Our management, with the participation of our
CEO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this Report. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of
the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which is described below. 

7 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have
inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding controls. Accordingly, even effective
internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread way Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on
this evaluation, management concluded that that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of May 31, 2023. Our
CEO concluded we have a material weakness due to lack of segregation of duties, a limited corporate governance structure, and a lack of
a formal management review process over preparation of financial information. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of
control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Our size has prevented us from being able to employ
sufficient resources to enable us to have an adequate level of supervision and segregation of duties within our system of internal control.
Therefore, while there are some compensating controls in place, it is difficult to ensure effective segregation of accounting and financial
reporting duties. Management reported the following material weaknesses: 

Lack of segregation of duties in certain accounting and financial reporting processes including the initiation, processing, recording and approval of disbursements; 

Our corporate governance responsibilities are performed by the Board of Directors, none of whom are independent under applicable standards; we do not have an audit committee or compensation committee. Our Board of Directors acts primarily by written consent without meetings which results in several of our corporate governance functions not being performed concurrent (or timely) with the underlying transactions, including evaluation of the application of accounting principles and disclosures relating to those transactions; and 

Certain reports that we prepare, and accounting and reporting conclusions reached in connection with the financial statement preparation process are not subjected to a formal review process that includes multiple levels of review and are not submitted timely to the Board of Directors for review or approval. 

While we strive to segregate duties as much as
practicable, there is an insufficient volume of transactions at this point in time to justify additional full-time staff. We believe that
this is typical in many development stage companies. We may not be able to fully remediate the material weakness until we commence operations
at which time, we would expect to hire more staff. We will continue to monitor and assess the costs and benefits of additional staffing. 

8 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended May 31, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

9 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

The board of directors elects our executive officers
annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director is elected for the term of one
year, and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. The name, address, age and
position of our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name and Address of Executive 
 Officer and/or Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Granit Gjoni 
 Bulevardi Deshmoret e Kombit, Twin Tower 
 Tirana, Albania 1001 
 
 30 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

The person named above has held offices/positions since the inception
of our Company and is expected to hold said offices/positions until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. 

Resume 

Granit Gjoni has acted as our President, Secretary,
Treasurer and sole Director since our incorporation on March 31, 2021. 

Granit Gjoni has been our President,
Secretary, Treasurer and sole Director since our incorporation on March 31, 2021. Granit Gjoni graduated from University of
Tirana at 2010. At 2015 he has completed business administration courses. For the last 5 years Mr. Granit Gjoni worked as
a system administrator, mostly as self-employed. His responsibilities included: system health monitoring, user administration,
web service administration and configurations, network administration, user training. During this quarter he has been planning
formation and operation of Linktory Inc. His specific knowledge, qualifications and skills have led to our conclusion that Mr. Gjoni
is a suitable person to develop our business. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Our common stock is not registered pursuant to
Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our officers, directors and principal
stockholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Code of Business Conduct 

We have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct
within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Board Committees 

We do not have any Board Committees. 

10 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The table below summarizes the total compensation
earned by each of our named executive Officers NEOs for each of the fiscal years listed. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Stock Awards ) 
 
 Option Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 
 All Other Compensation 
 
 Total Compensation ) 
 
 Granit Gjoni 
 
 Treas, Sec. 
 
 2022 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

Treas, Sec. 
 
 2023 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

(1) Mr. Granit Gjoni was elected as an officer
and director on March 31, 2021 and the election became effective on March 31, 2021. 

Since Inception on March 31, 2021, Granit Gjoni
only a member of our Board of Director was not compensated for his services. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matter. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the beneficial
ownership (and the percentages of outstanding shares represented by such beneficial ownership) as of May 31, 2023, of (i) each director,
(ii) the current NEOs named in the Summary Compensation Table contained in this Form 10-K and (iii) all current directors
and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed below,
based on information provided by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community
property laws where applicable. Persons, who have the power to vote or dispose of common stock of the Company, either alone or jointly
with others, are deemed to be beneficial owners of such common stock. 

Granit Gjoni, President, CEO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board. 
 3,500,000 shares 

Certain Stockholders 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of five percent or more of either class of the Company s outstanding
common stock. The content of this table is based upon the most current information contained in Schedules 13D or 13G filings with the
SEC, unless more recent information was obtained. 

Granit Gjoni, President, CEO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board. 
 59 

11 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

On April 2, 2021, the Company issued 3,500,000
shares of common stock as a consideration to all the Company s needs to sole officer, director, and related party, Granit Gjoni,
at par value of 0.0001 per share or 350. 

During the period from March 31, 2021 (Inception)
to May 31, 2023, Granit Gjoni loaned 24,686 to the Company. This loan is non-interest bearing, due upon demand and unsecured. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

FEES TO THE COMPANY S AUDITORS 

Set forth below is a summary of certain fees paid
to our independent audit Gries Associates, LLC. for services for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Fee Category 
 Fiscal Year 2023 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 11,000 
 11,000 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 11,000 
 11,000 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees were for professional services rendered
in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements set forth in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, the review of our quarterly
financial statements set forth in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and consents for other SEC filings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for
professional services for consultation on accounting matters. 

Approval of Services Provided by Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors has considered whether
the services provided under other non-audit services are compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence and has determined
that such services are compatible. The Board of Directors has adopted policies and procedures for pre-approving all non-audit work performed
by the external auditors. The Board of Directors will annually pre-approve services in specified accounting areas. The Board of Directors
also annually approves the budget for the annual generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) audit. 

12 

PART IV 

item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The following documents are filed as
part of this report: 

The Financial Statements of Linktory Inc. at May
31, 2023, and for each of the two fiscal years in the period ended May 31, 2022, together with the reports of the Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firms, are set forth on pages F-1 through F-9 of this Report. 

(2) Not applicable. 

(3) Exhibits 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) Incorporated by reference from the Company s
Registration Statement on Form S-1, SEC File No. 333-257813 as declared effective by the Commission on November 15, 2021. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 

None. 

13 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on August 1, 2023. 

LINKTORY INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Granit Gjoni 

Granit Gjoni 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
on August 1, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Granit Gjoni 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, 
 
 Granit Gjoni 
 
 and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

14 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets May 31, 2023 and 2022 (Audited) 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for May 31, 2023 and 2022 (Audited) 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholder s Equity From Inception March 31, 2021 through May 31, 2023 (Audited) 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for May 31, 2023 and 2022 (Audited) 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements for May 31, 2023 and 2022 (Audited) 
 F-7 

15 

Gries Associates, LLC 
 Certified Public Accountants 
 501 S. Cherry Street Suite 1100 
 Denver, Colorado 80246 

UNMODIFIED
OPINION: 

Comparative
Financial Statements 

Independent Auditor s Report 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Linktory, Inc. 

Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 1 

Opinion 

We have audited the financial statements of Linktory, Inc., which comprise
the balance sheets as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash
flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements. 

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Linktory, Inc. as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of Linktory, Inc.
and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation
of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design,
implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate
whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Linktory, Inc. s ability
to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are issued [or when applicable, one year after
the date that the financial statements are available to be issued]. 

F- 1 

Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
Statements 

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood
that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. 
 
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Linktory, Inc. s internal control. Accordingly,
no such opinion is expressed. 
 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management,
as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
 
 Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about
Linktory, Inc. s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding,
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related
matters that we identified during the audit. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred losses since
inception of 70,404. These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Emphasis of Matter Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID-19
will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could have an adverse impact on the economies
and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company plans to operate. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

PCAOB # 

 July 28, 2023 

F- 2 

LINKTORY INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 (AUDITED) 

Year ended May 31, 2023 
 Year ended May 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Escrow Account 

Total Current Assets 

Non-Current Assets 

Fixed Assets (net) 

Intangible Assets (net) 

Total Non-Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Related party advances 

Total Current Liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common stock, par value ; shares authorized,
 shares issued and outstanding, respectively; 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated profits/ (deficit) 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements 

F- 3 

LINKTORY INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (AUDITED) 

For the Year ended 
 May 31, 2023 
 For the Year ended 
 May 31, 2022 
 
 REVENUES 

Operating Expenses 

NET LOSS FROM OPERATION 

LOSS BEFORE TAXES 

PROVISION FOR TAXES 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC 

NET LOSS PER SHARE: DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements 

F- 4 

LINKTORY INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

From Inception on March 31, 2021 ended May 31,
2023 

 (AUDITED) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 
 Total Stockholder s Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Inception March 31, 2021 

Sale of common stock at 0.0001 per share on April 2, 2021 

Net loss for the period ended May 31, 2021 

Balance, May 31, 2021 

Net loss for the period ended August 31, 2021 

Balance, August 31, 2021 

Sale of common stock at 0.01 per share as of November 30, 2021 

Net loss for the period ended November 30, 2021 

Balance, November 30, 2021 

Sale of common stock at 0.01 per share as of February 28, 2022 

Net loss for the period ended February 28, 2022 

Balance, February 28, 2022 

Sale of common stock at 0.01 per share as of May 31, 2022 

Net loss for the period ended May 31, 2022 

Balance, May 31, 2022 

Net loss for the period ended May 31, 2023 

Balance, May 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements 

F- 5 

LINKTORY INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (AUDITED) 

For the Year ended 
 May 31, 2023 
 For the Year ended 
 May 31, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss for the period 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Website development 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Shares issued at 0.01 per share 

Proceeds from related party advances 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net Cash Increase for Period 

Cash at the beginning of Period 

Cash at end of Period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements 

F- 6 

LINKTORY INC. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

 For the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 

 (ANAUDITED) 

and negative working capital for the year ended May 31, 2023. The Company has an accumulated deficit of and negative working capital for the year
ended May 31, 2022. The Company currently has losses and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient
to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to
fund operating expenses. The Company intends to position itself so that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital
markets. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors
or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. 

. 

potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or outstanding. 

, par value
shares of voting common stock authorized. 

All shares of common stock have voting rights
and are identical. All holders of shares of common stock shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote for each share
of the capital stock held by such stockholder. 

On April 2, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock
as a consideration to all the Company s needs to sole officer, director, and related party, Granit Gjoni, at par value of 0.0001
per share or . 

During second quarter ended November 30, 2021 the Company issued 
common shares at 0.01 per share to four shareholders in consideration of . 

During third quarter ended February 28, 2022 the Company issued 
common shares at 0.01 per share to 24 shareholders in consideration of . 

During the quarter ended May 31, 2022
the Company issued 
common shares at 0.01 per share to 4 shareholders in consideration of . 

As of May 31, 2023 the company had
 shares issued and outstanding. 

on May
31, 2021. Next period we plan to depreciate the asset straight-line over its five year useful life or 3,000 per year. 

Balances as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Book Value 

F- 10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 linktory_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 2002 

I, Granit Gjoni, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Linktory Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15d- 15(f) for the registrant and we have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Dated: August 1, 2023 

By: /s/ Granit Gjoni 

Granit Gjoni 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 linktory_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 2002 

I, Granit Gjoni, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Linktory Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15d- 15(f) for the registrant and we have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Dated: August 1, 2023 

By: /s/ Granit Gjoni 

Granit Gjoni 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 linktory_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Linktory Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Granit Gjoni, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: August 1, 2023 

By: /s/ Granit Gjoni 

Granit Gjoni 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 none-20230531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 none-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 none-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 none-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

