<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230818_10-K_edgar_data_1001250_0001001250-23-000112.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27894823</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>546965</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5867918</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10795708</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5444398</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4604786</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001001250-23-000112.hdr.sgml : 20230818
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230818140900
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001001250-23-000112
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		188
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230818
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230818

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001001250
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				112408943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14064
		FILM NUMBER:		231185358

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		767 FIFTH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10153
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2125724200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		767 FIFTH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10153

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001001250-23-000112.txt : 20230818

10-K
 1
 el-20230630.htm
 10-K

el-20230630 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 
 The . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion at December 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter). 
 At August 11, 2023, shares of the registrant s Class A Common Stock, .01 par value, and shares of the registrant s Class B Common Stock, .01 par value, were outstanding. 
 Calculated by excluding all shares held by executive officers and directors of registrant and certain trusts without conceding that all such persons are affiliates of registrant for purposes of the Federal securities laws. 

Table of Contents 

THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 Page Part I: 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 Part II: 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 56 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 57 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 58 
 Part III: 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 59 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 59 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 59 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 59 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 59 
 Part IV: 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 60 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 66 
 Signatures 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may address our expectations regarding sales, earnings or other future financial performance and liquidity, other performance measures, product introductions, entry into new geographic regions, information technology initiatives, new methods of sale, our long-term strategy, restructuring and other charges and and resulting cost savings, and future operations or operating results. Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business and operations, we cannot assure that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations are described herein; in particular, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information. In addition, there is a discussion of risks associated with an investment in our securities, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references to we, us, our and the Company refer to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 The Est e Lauder Companies Inc., founded in 1946 by Est e and Joseph Lauder, is one of the world s leading manufacturers, marketers and sellers of quality skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products, and is a steward of luxury and prestige brands globally. Our products are sold in approximately 150 countries and territories under a number of well-known brand names including: Est e Lauder, Clinique, Origins, M A C, Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, La Mer, Aveda, Jo Malone London, TOM FORD, Too Faced, Dr.Jart+, and The Ordinary. We are also the global licensee of the AERIN and BALMAIN brand names for fragrances and cosmetics. Each brand is distinctly positioned within the market for cosmetics and other beauty products. 
 
 We believe we are a leader in the beauty industry due to the global recognition of our brand names, our excellence in product innovation, our strong position in key geographic markets and the consistently high quality of our products and High-Touch services. We sell our prestige products through distribution channels that complement the luxury image and prestige status of our brands, and we provide High-Touch consumer experiences across our distribution channels. Our products are sold on our own and authorized retailer websites, on third-party online malls, in stores in airports, in duty-free locations and in our own and authorized freestanding stores. In addition, our products are sold in brick-and-mortar retail stores, including department stores, specialty-multi retailers, upscale perfumeries and pharmacies and prestige salons and spas. We believe that our strategy of pursuing selective distribution heightens the aspirational quality of our brands. 
 
 We have been controlled by the Lauder family since the founding of our Company. Members of the Lauder family, some of whom are directors, executive officers and/or employees, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, as of August 11, 2023, shares of our Company's Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock having approximately 84 of the outstanding voting power of the Common Stock. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Products 
 
 Skin Care - Our broad range of skin care products address various skin care needs. These products include moisturizers, serums, cleansers, toners, body care, exfoliators, acne and oil correctors, facial masks and sun care products. 
 Makeup - Our full array of makeup products includes lipsticks, lip glosses, mascaras, foundations, eyeshadows, nail polishes and powders. Many of the products are offered in an extensive palette of shades and colors. We also sell related items such as compacts, brushes and other makeup tools. 
 
 Fragrance - We offer a variety of fragrance products. The fragrances are sold in various forms, including eau de parfum sprays and colognes, as well as lotions, powders, creams, candles and soaps that are based on a particular fragrance. 
 
 Hair Care - Our hair care products include shampoos, conditioners, styling products, treatment, finishing sprays and hair color products. 
 
 Other - We also sell ancillary products and services that do not fit the definition of skin care, makeup, fragrance, and hair care. The other category also includes royalty revenue from our licensing of the TOM FORD trademark to third parties since our fiscal 2023 acquisition of the TOM FORD brand. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Our Brands 
 Given the personal nature of our products and the wide array of consumer preferences and tastes, as well as competition for the attention of consumers, our strategy has been to market and promote our products through distinctive brands seeking to address broad preferences and tastes. Each brand has a single global image that is promoted with consistent logos, packaging and advertising designed to enhance its image and differentiate it from other brands in the market. Beauty brands are differentiated by numerous factors, including quality, performance, a particular lifestyle, where they are distributed (e.g., prestige or mass) and price point. Below is a chart showing the brands that we sell and how we view them based on lifestyle and price point: 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Est e Lauder brand products, which have been sold since 1946, have a reputation for innovation, sophistication and superior quality. Est e Lauder is one of the world s most renowned beauty brands, producing iconic skin care, makeup and fragrances. 
 We pioneered the marketing of prestige men s fragrance, grooming and skin care products with the introduction of Aramis products in 1964. 
 Introduced in 1968, Clinique skin care and makeup products are all allergy tested and 100 fragrance free and have been designed to address individual skin types and needs. Clinique also offers select fragrances. The skin care and makeup products are based on the research and related expertise of leading dermatologists. 
 Lab Series, introduced in 1987, is a series of high performance, specialized skin care solutions uniquely created to improve the look and feel of men s skin. 
 Introduced in 1990, Origins is known for high-performance natural skin care that is powered by nature and proven by science. The brand also sells makeup and fragrance products and is distributed primarily through online, specialty-multi and freestanding Origins stores. Origins has a license agreement to develop and sell beauty products using the name of Dr. Andrew Weil. 
 M A C, the leading brand of professional cosmetics, was created in Toronto, Canada. We completed our acquisition of M A C in 1998. The brand s popularity has grown through a tradition of word-of-mouth endorsement from professional makeup artists, models, photographers and journalists around the world. 
 Acquired in 1995, Bobbi Brown is a global prestige beauty brand known for its high quality and undertone-correct makeup and skin care products that celebrate individual beauty and confidence. Reflecting its artistry roots, the brand is focused on creating a teaching and learning community of women around the world. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Acquired in 1995, La Mer is a leading global luxury skin care brand that is available in limited distribution worldwide. The brand is known for its iconic Cr me de la Mer moisturizer, serums and lotions, as well as other skin care and foundation products that are created around the original Miracle Broth. 
 
 Acquired in 1997, Aveda sells high-performance, naturally-derived hair care products, as well as skin care, makeup and fragrance. The brand is known for its innovative plant-based products and its commitment to environmental sustainability and corporate responsibility. It is distributed primarily through top-tier hair salons and direct-to-consumer, via online and Aveda stores. 
 Acquired in 1999, Jo Malone London is a scented British lifestyle brand with understated elegance, offering enchanted story-telling and High-Touch boutique services. The brand s famous colognes are perfect alone or artfully layered with Fragrance Combining. Jo Malone London embodies the spirit of gifting generosity and inspires emotional elevation. 
 
 Acquired in 2006, Bumble and bumble is a New York-based hair care brand that creates high-quality hair care and styling products. The brand is distributed primarily through top-tier salons, including Bumble and bumble s own flagship salons, specialty-multi retailers and online. 
 Acquired in 2003, Darphin is a Paris-based, prestige skin care brand known for its high-performance botanical skin care. The brand is distributed primarily through high-end independent pharmacies and online brand and retailer channels. 
 On April 28, 2023, we acquired the TOM FORD brand and related intellectual property. The TOM FORD brand is a luxury brand created in 2005, encompassing fashion, fragrance, eyewear and other accessories. From 2005 until the closing of the acquisition, we developed, manufactured and distributed luxury fragrances and beauty products as a licensee. As the current owner and steward of the brand, we are continuing with the beauty products and have licensed the fashion brand and operations and eyewear to third parties. Consistent with the fashion brand, our products exude seductive modern-day glamour and include luxury fragrance, color cosmetics, men s grooming products and skin care products for discerning consumers globally. 
 Acquired in 2010, Smashbox Cosmetics is a Los Angeles-based, photo studio-inspired makeup brand with high performance products created for our consumer s everyday life in the spotlight. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Launched in 2012, AERIN is a luxury lifestyle beauty and fragrance brand inspired by the signature style of its founder, Aerin Lauder. 
 Acquired in 2014, Le Labo is a sensory and experiential lifestyle brand, deeply rooted in the craft of slow perfumery. Born in Grasse, France and raised in downtown NYC, it offers hand-crafted and personalized fragrances, as well as alternative and genuine experiences celebrating craftsmanship. 
 Acquired in 2015, Les Editions de Parfums Fr d ric Malle is a collection of exclusive, sophisticated, ultraluxury fragrances crafted by some of the world s most talented perfumers and published by the brand. 
 Acquired in 2015, GLAMGLOW started as a behind-the-scenes Hollywood secret to instant glow. The brand is known for bold, sensorial products that deliver instant results, and its unconventional philosophy that high performance skin care should also be fun and sexy. 
 Acquired in 2016, Kilian Paris is a prestige fragrance brand that embodies timeless sophistication and modern luxury. 
 Acquired in 2016, Too Faced is a serious makeup brand that knows how to have fun. The brand is unabashedly pink, pretty and feminine with a playful wink that is beloved for its high-quality formulas, cheeky product names and distinctive packaging. 
 Acquired in 2019, Dr.Jart+ is a Seoul-based, global skin care brand known for its innovative formulations and unique combination of dermatological science and art. Its high-quality masks, moisturizers and serums are distributed primarily through travel retail, specialty-multi and online channels. 

In 2021, we increased our investment in Deciem Beauty Group Inc. DECIEM to approximately 76 . Known as The Abnormal Beauty Company, DECIEM is a Toronto-based, vertically integrated multi-brand beauty company rooted in a consumer-focused and functional approach. Its portfolio includes The Ordinary, an ingredient-focused brand, and NIOD, a science-driven skin care brand. 

7 

Table of Contents 

In fiscal 2021, we made the decision to exit the global distribution of BECCA products, a makeup brand we acquired in 2016 and substantially completed this exit during fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2022, we negotiated early termination agreements for our previous license agreements for the Donna Karan New York, DKNY, Michael Kors, Tommy Hilfiger and Ermenegildo Zegna product lines effective June 30, 2022 and continued to sell products under these licenses through such time. 
 
 From time to time, we also make strategic minority investments in other companies, mainly in the beauty industry. In some cases, we have acquired the remaining interest or a majority interest (e.g., Have Be Co. Ltd. (i.e. Dr.Jart+) and Deciem Beauty Group Inc., respectively). Our current minority investments include a company based in India that manufactures, markets and sells Ayurvedic skin care and other products under the Forest Essentials brand name, primarily in India. 
 
 Our luxury brands are La Mer, Jo Malone London, TOM FORD, AERIN Beauty, Le Labo, Editions de Parfums Fr d ric Malle and Kilian Paris. Our large brands are Est e Lauder, La Mer, M A C and Clinique. Our scaling brands are Jo Malone London, TOM FORD, Aveda, Bobbi Brown Cosmetics and The Ordinary. Our developing brands are Le Labo, Too Faced, Dr.Jart+, Origins, Kilian Paris, Bumble and bumble, Smashbox, Darphin Paris, Lab Series, Editions de Parfums Fr d ric Malle and GLAMGLOW. 
 
 Social Impact and Sustainability 
 
 We continue to integrate social impact and sustainability into our strategy and business operations. Our social impact and sustainability initiatives help drive innovation, growth and efficiency across the business and within our brand portfolio. These initiatives also aim to foster employee engagement and build consumer trust and loyalty. 
 
 Areas of focus include climate and energy; packaging; sourcing; green chemistry and ingredient transparency; inclusion, diversity and equity; employee health and safety; and social investments. We have set goals or made commitments within these focus areas. For example, our goals related to climate and energy support efficiency and conservation within our facilities, internal supply chain and value chain. Certain goals are also intended to help us reduce cost and waste. 
 
 Our Nominating and ESG Committee, one of our Board committees, has oversight responsibility for our Company s environmental, social and governance ESG activities and practices, including citizenship and sustainability matters. Our social impact and sustainability efforts are led by our Executive Chairman and our President and Chief Executive Officer. Other members of senior management, along with employees across the organization, help to drive our strategic initiatives concerning social impact and sustainability. 
 
 Additional information related to our social impact and sustainability matters can be found at www.elcompanies.com . 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Distribution 
 
 We sell our prestige products through distribution channels that complement the luxury image and prestige status of our brands, and we provide High-Touch consumer experiences across our distribution channels. Our products are sold on our own and authorized retailer websites, on third-party online malls, in stores in airports, in duty-free locations and in our own and authorized freestanding stores. In addition, our products are sold in brick-and-mortar retail stores, including department stores, specialty-multi retailers, upscale perfumeries and pharmacies and prestige salons and spas. Our general practice is to accept returns of our products from customers if properly requested and approved. 
 Online, we sell products from most of our brands direct-to-consumer through our brand.com sites and third-party online malls. We also sell our products wholesale to authorized retailers that resell online through retailer.com and pure-play sites. Our sites are in approximately 50 countries. While today a majority of these online sales are generated in mainland China, the United States and the United Kingdom, we continue to expand in other markets globally. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we operated approximately 1,600 freestanding stores. The total reflects the net impact during fiscal 2023 of store closures related to the Post-COVID Business Acceleration Program and closures due to natural lease expirations, offset by new door openings. Most freestanding stores are operated by us under a single brand name, such as M A C, Jo Malone London and Aveda. We also operate over 250 multi-branded company stores in outlet malls. 
 We maintain dedicated sales teams that manage our retail accounts. We have wholly-owned operations in over 50 countries through which we market, sell and distribute our products. In certain countries, we sell our products through carefully selected distributors who we believe share our commitment to protecting the image and position of our brands. For information regarding our net sales and long-lived assets by geographic region, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 22 Segment Data and Related Information . 
 Our emerging markets in Europe, the Middle East Africa are India, the Middle East, Turkey, South Africa, Central Europe, Israel, Russia and Kazakhstan; in Asia/Pacific are Thailand, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, the Philippines and Singapore; and in The Americas are Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Panama, Peru and Argentina. 
 Customers 
 
 Our strategy is to build strong relationships globally with select retailers, and our senior management works with executives of our major retail accounts on a regular basis in support of these relationships. We believe we are viewed as an important supplier to these customers. In addition, we connect with our consumers directly through freestanding stores, e-commerce sites and social media to build a robust omnichannel experience that allows a consumer to shop in these and other channels. 
 Marketing 
 Our strategy to market and promote our products begins with our well-diversified portfolio of distinctive brands across four product categories. Our portfolio can be deployed in multiple distribution channels, key travel corridors and geographies where our global reputation and awareness of our brands benefit us. Our geographic and distribution channel diversity allows us to engage local consumers across an array of developed and emerging markets by emphasizing products and services with local relevance, inclusiveness and appeal. This strategy is built around Bringing the Best to Everyone We Touch. Our founder, Mrs. Est e Lauder, formulated this unique marketing philosophy to provide High-Touch service and high-quality products as the foundation for a solid and loyal consumer base. Our High-Touch approach is demonstrated through our integrated consumer engagement models that leverage our product specialists and technology to provide the consumer with a distinct and truly personalized experience that can include personal consultations with beauty advisors, in person or online, who demonstrate and educate the consumer on product usage and application. As our business has grown and channel mix has evolved, we have further expanded our marketing philosophy and High-Touch execution to build both online and offline personalized consumer experiences through digital and physical demonstration, targeted digital media and tailored trial-to-loyalty pathways. We plan to continue to leverage our core strengths, including the quality of our products, our High-Touch consumer engagement and a diversified portfolio of brands, channels and geographies. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Our marketing strategies vary by brand, local market and distribution channel. We have a diverse portfolio of brands, and we employ different engagement models suited to each brand s equity, distribution, product focus, understanding of the core consumer and local relevance. This enables us to elevate the consumer experience as we attract new consumers, create trial, build loyalty, drive consumer advocacy and address the transformation of consumer shopping behaviors. Hero products are at the core of our brand marketing strategies. They are the pillars of our brands and historically have provided strong results through high repeat sales and consumer loyalty. In addition to continuing to attract existing consumers, our hero products provide an opportunity for new consumers to be introduced to our desirable products, creating consumer traffic across all channels of distribution. We aim to further strengthen our hero products through continuous review of our product portfolio and strategic innovation. Our marketing planning approach leverages local insights to optimize allocation of resources across different media outlets and retail touch points to resonate with our most discerning consumers most effectively. This includes strategically deploying our brands and tailoring product assortments and communications to fit local tastes and preferences in cities and neighborhoods. Most of our creative marketing work is done by in-house teams, in collaboration with external resources, that design and produce the sales materials, social media strategies, advertisements and packaging for products in each brand. For a number of products, we create and deploy 360 integrated consumer engagement programs. We build brand equity and drive traffic to retail locations and to our own and authorized retailers websites through digital and social media, magazines and newspapers, television, billboards in cities and airports, and direct mail and email. In addition, we seek editorial coverage for our brands and products in digital and social media and print, to drive influencer amplification. 
 
 We are increasing our brand awareness and sales through our strategic emphasis on technology, by continuing to elevate our digital presence encompassing e-commerce and m-commerce, as well as digital, social media and influencer marketing. We are investing in new analytical capabilities to promote a more personalized experience across our distribution channels. We continue to innovate to better meet consumer online shopping preferences (e.g., how-to videos, ratings and reviews and mobile phone and tablet applications), support e-commerce and m-commerce businesses via digital and social marketing activities designed to build brand equity and High-Touch consumer engagement, in order to continue to offer better experiences and services and set the standard for prestige beauty shopping online. We also support our authorized retailers to strengthen their e-commerce businesses and drive sales of our brands on their websites. We have opportunities to expand our brand portfolio online around the world, and we continue to invest in new omnichannel concepts in the United States, China and other markets to increase brand loyalty by better serving consumers as they shop across channels and travel corridors. We have dedicated resources to implement creative, coordinated, brand-enhancing strategies across all online activities to increase our direct access to consumers. 
 
 Promotional activities, in-store displays, and online navigation are designed to attract new consumers, build demand and loyalty and introduce existing consumers to other product offerings from the respective brands. Our marketing efforts also benefit from cooperative advertising programs with some retailers, some of which are supported by coordinated promotions, such as sampling programs, including purchase with purchase and gift with purchase. Sampling is a key promotional activity as the quality and perceived benefits of sample products are very effective inducements to purchases by new and existing consumers. Such activities attract consumers and keep existing consumers engaged. Our marketing and sales executives spend considerable time in the field meeting with consumers, retailers, beauty advisors and makeup artists at the points of sale to enable us to offer a seamless experience across channels of distribution. 
 
 As consumer behaviors, digital-first consumer journeys and e-commerce evolve, we adjust our direct-to-consumer business models and consumer engagement programs. These models and programs are designed to provide distinct one-to-one and one-to-many High-Touch omnichannel services and personalized experiences by leveraging technology and our talented beauty advisors, consultants, and makeup artists. 
 
 Information Technology 
 Information technology, including operational technology and our websites, is a key enabler of all aspects of our business, from research and development, product development, production and distribution, to marketing, sales and order processing, consumer experiences as well as finance and human resources. We continue to make strategic investments to align with our long-term strategy and to maintain and enhance our information technology and cybersecurity infrastructure. We are focused on optimizing adoption of such investments to maximize return on investment and realized value. The modernization and simplification of our technology ecosystem remains a key focus, as we increasingly leverage the benefits of the cloud. 
 We recognize that technology presents opportunities for competitive advantage, and we continue to invest in new capabilities and the use of emerging technologies across various aspects of our business. In fiscal 2023, we made investments in research and pilots of technologies that serve and attract new consumers. As the working environment for our team members evolve, including hybrid ways of working for our employees, we continue to invest in hardware, software, education and support structures that drive productive, collaborative facilities and meeting spaces, both virtually and in person. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development 
 
 We believe that we are an industry leader in the development of new products. Our research and development group, which includes scientists, engineers, analysts, and other employees involved in product and packaging innovation, works closely with our marketing and product development teams and third-party suppliers to generate ideas, develop new products and product-line extensions, create new packaging concepts, and improve, redesign or reformulate existing products. In addition, these research and development personnel provide ongoing technical assistance and know-how to quality assurance and manufacturing personnel on a worldwide basis, to ensure consistent global standards for our products and to deliver environmentally responsible products that meet or exceed consumer expectations. The research and development group has both long-standing and continually growing research-based working relationships with several U.S. and international dermatology and medical institutions, research universities and educational facilities, which supplement internal capabilities. Members of the research and development group are also responsible for product safety, registration and regulatory compliance matters. As our business continues to grow globally, and to satisfy the demand for locally relevant consumer products, we have increased our focus on innovation in Asia/Pacific, especially in China, as well as in Japan and Korea. In fiscal 2023, we completed construction of a newly leased site for our new Research and Development facility in China, to better meet the needs of the Chinese consumer through local relevancy with superior capabilities in product and package design and consumer and clinical testing. 
 Our research and development costs totaled 344 million, 307 million and 243 million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are expensed as incurred. As of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 1,290 employees engaged in research and development activities. We maintain research and development programs at certain of our principal facilities and facilities dedicated to performing research and development, see Item 2. Properties. 
 Manufacturing, Warehousing and Raw Materials 
 We manufacture our products primarily in our own facilities in the United States, Belgium, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Canada and also leverage global third-party manufacturing networks. We continue to evaluate our manufacturing facilities and processes and identify sourcing opportunities to improve innovation, increase efficiencies, minimize our impact on the environment, ensure supply sufficiency and reduce costs. Our plants are modern, and our manufacturing processes are substantially automated. In fiscal 2023, we began limited production in our new owned manufacturing facility near Tokyo as we continued construction, which is expected to enable us to better meet demand, further drive our sustainability efforts, optimize costs and increase speed to market in the Asia/Pacific region, including our travel retail business within the region. We expect the remainder of the site to be completed and operational in early fiscal 2024, with production levels scaling over the next few years. While we believe that our manufacturing network of internal and external sites is sufficient to meet current and reasonably anticipated increased requirements, we continue to implement improvements in capacity, technology, and productivity and align our manufacturing with regional sales demand to be more agile. From time to time, demand changes may challenge our capacity for certain subcategories on a short-term basis, but we believe that these changes will not impact our ability to meet our long-term strategic objectives. 
 We have established a flexible global distribution network that is managed by us or third parties. The network is designed to meet the changing demands of our customers while maintaining service levels. We are continuously evaluating and adjusting this physical distribution network, particularly as we work to anticipate and respond to channel shifts. We have established regional and local distribution centers, including those maintained by third parties, strategically positioned throughout the world in order to facilitate efficient delivery of our products to our customers and consumers. In fiscal 2022, we opened a new, state-of-the-art distribution center in Switzerland to support the growth of our travel retail business and further drive our sustainability efforts. During fiscal 2023, we continued to support the growth of our business in China with the opening of an additional distribution center in Guangzhou. 
 
 As discussed above, we continue to focus on social impact and sustainability across our operations. Focus areas include employee health and safety and minimizing our impact on the environment. This is achieved, in part, through investment in equipment while enhancing the work environment through safe practices and capabilities. We also engage in initiatives to improve our equipment and buildings to support and deliver our sustainability goals and reduce our impact on the environment. Environmental efforts include waste reduction, zero industrial waste to landfill, investments in renewable energy sources and packaging that incorporates recyclable and recycled content. 

11 

Table of Contents 

The principal raw materials used in the manufacture of our products are essential oils, alcohols and specialty chemicals. We also purchase packaging components that are manufactured to our design specifications. Procurement of materials for all manufacturing facilities is generally made on a global basis through our Global Supplier Relations function. We also partner with an extensive and reliable network of third-party manufacturers that help us access innovation and capacity. We review our supplier base periodically with the specific objectives of improving quality, increasing innovation and speed-to-market, ensuring supply sufficiency and reducing costs. In addition, we focus on supply sourcing within the region of manufacture to allow for improved supply chain efficiencies, lead-time reduction and reduced emissions. 
 
 Some of our products rely on single-source or a limited number of suppliers; however, we believe we have a robust business continuity strategy, sophisticated capacity planning tools and strategic inventory buffer and multi-sourcing solutions. In the past, we have been able to obtain an adequate supply of essential raw materials and packaging components for virtually all materials used in the production of our products. From time to time, we may experience supply disruptions on a short-term basis, but we currently believe we have adequate resources of supply and that our portfolio of suppliers has the resources and facilities to overcome most unforeseen interruptions of supply. 
 
 We are continually benchmarking the performance of our supply chain, and we augment our supply base and adjust our distribution networks and manufacturing plants and networks based upon the changing needs of the business. As we integrate acquired brands, we continually seek new ways to leverage our production and sourcing capabilities to improve our overall supply chain performance. 
 Competition 
 There is significant competition within each market where our skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products are sold. Brand recognition, product quality and effectiveness, distribution channels, accessibility, and price point are some of the factors that impact consumers choices among competing products and brands. There continues to be increased interest and awareness from our customers and consumers in responsibly-sourced ingredients and environmentally sustainable products, and we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from the resulting change in consumer preferences due to our social impact and sustainability efforts. Marketing, merchandising, in-store and online experiences and demonstrations, and new product innovations also have an impact on consumers purchasing decisions. With our portfolio of diverse brands sold in a variety of channels, we are one of the world s leading manufacturers, marketers and sellers of skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products, and are a steward of luxury and prestige brands globally. 
 
 We compete against a number of global and local companies. Some of our competitors are large, well-known, multinational manufacturers and marketers of skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products, most of which market and sell their products under multiple brand names. Our competitors include L Oreal S.A.; Unilever; Procter Gamble; Shiseido Company, Ltd.; LVMH Mo t Hennessey Louis Vuitton; Beiersdorf; Chanel S.A.; Natura Co.; Coty Inc.; and Bath Body Works, Inc. We also face competition from a number of independent brands, some of which are backed by private-equity investors, as well as some retailers that have their own beauty brands. Certain of our competitors also have ownership interests in retailers that are customers of ours. 
 
 Trademarks, Patents and Copyrights 
 We own the trademark rights used in connection with the manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of our products both in the United States and in the other principal countries where such products are sold, including Est e Lauder, Aramis, Clinique, Lab Series, Origins, M A C, Bobbi Brown, La Mer, Aveda, Jo Malone London, Bumble and bumble, Darphin, TOM FORD, Smashbox, Le Labo, Editions de Parfums Fr d ric Malle, GLAMGLOW, Kilian Paris, Too Faced, Dr.Jart+, and The Ordinary. We are the exclusive worldwide licensee for fragrances, cosmetics and/or related products for AERIN, BALMAIN, and Dr. Andrew Weil. For further discussion on license arrangements, including their duration, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies License Arrangements . We protect our trademarks in the United States and significant markets worldwide. We consider the protection of our trademarks to be important to our business. 
 
 A number of our products incorporate patented, patent-pending or proprietary technology. In addition, several products and packaging for such products are covered by design patents or copyrights. While we consider these patents and copyrights, and the protection thereof, to be important, no single patent or copyright, or group of patents or copyrights, is considered material to the conduct of our business. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Human Capital 
 
 We strive to operate responsibly and to build a sustainable business based on uncompromising ethics, integrity, fairness, diversity and trust, consistent with our Company values. We view human capital management and the strength of our employees as integral to the long-term success and resilience of our business. Our human capital management includes the following strategic areas, each of which is discussed further below: 
 
 Inclusion, Diversity and Equity - Fostering an inclusive, diverse and equitable culture that provides our employees with personal and professional development opportunities, which helps to attract and retain the best talent and drive long-term growth. 
 Talent Recruitment, Retention, Learning and Development - Affording our employees learning opportunities to drive career development and enhance innovation, which helps to create strong and sustainable leadership across the organization and support ongoing development of new products and services. 
 Health and Safety - Striving to provide a healthy and safe workplace for our employees, which we believe also enhances productivity. 
 Employee Rewards - Offering competitive compensation and benefit packages to support our employees physical, mental and financial well-being, which helps us attract, incentivize and retain world-class talent. 
 Volunteerism and Community Engagement - Supporting volunteer efforts by our employees because our long-term success is closely tied to the vitality of the communities where we have a presence. 
 
 Our Board of Directors and its committees provide oversight to management on a range of human capital matters, including inclusion and diversity, health and safety, pay equity and compensation and benefits. We had approximately 62,000 and 63,000 employees worldwide, including demonstrators at points of sale who are employed by us, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At June 30, 2023, approximately 71 of our global employees were full-time, approximately 16 were temporary and approximately 13 were part-time employees, with approximately 28 of our global employees located in the United States and approximately 72 located outside of the United States. We recognize the importance of female representation, and, as of June 30, 2023, approximately 80 of our employees were female and approximately 59 of our employees at the level of Vice President and above were female. We have no employees in the United States that are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. A limited number of employees outside of the United States are covered by works council agreements or other syndicate arrangements. 
 Inclusion, Diversity and Equity 
 
 We are committed to supporting an inclusive and diverse workplace that better enables us to create innovative products and services as we continually strive to meet the evolving needs of our diverse global consumers. Our objective in creating an environment of inclusion, diversity and equity is to enhance our ability to attract and retain the best talent globally and promote a sense of belonging. We continuously encourage a culture of fairness, equal access to opportunities, including positions of leadership, and transparency in employment matters. We have enhanced our strategy in many areas including hiring, employee engagement, development and talent management to further support inclusion, diversity and equity across the organization. 
 
 We are proud of our history of driving awareness and acceptance around the world and for standing up for the rights of individuals in the workplace and beyond. We remained resolute in our commitment to prioritize racial equity, diligently advancing our previously announced series of commitments across the business, with a focus on U.S. operations. Areas where we have made commitments include programs related to listening and learning, talent and opportunity, representation, suppliers and investing in change. 
 
 We are also committed to gender equity and equitable pay practices. We have a number of programs to help accelerate the development and promotion of women, such as our Women's Leadership Network, and remain committed to the achievement of gender pay equity across the organization. 
 
 We continue to prioritize cross-generational inclusion and diversity to help cultivate talent within our workforce. We are committed to various programs to continue our investment at all levels of seniority and tenure, including our Global Reverse Mentor Program that pairs seasoned leaders with more junior talent and was designed to give insights to the leadership team on current millennial and Gen Z habits, preferences and trends. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Talent Recruitment, Retention, Learning and Development 
 Hiring, retaining and developing the best talent globally is key to our success in sustaining long-term growth. Our talent strategy is focused on employee engagement and investments in career development, as well as measuring, recognizing and rewarding business and leadership performance. Our investments include providing programs to ensure our employees are equipped with the right skillsets and knowledge, as well as opportunities to transfer to other functions or regions through short-term and long-term assignments. We believe these programs and opportunities create a pipeline of talent and leadership, necessary to drive and deliver on our long-term strategy. 
 
 To enhance our culture and measure our human capital objectives, we regularly engage with our employees. We provide several mechanisms for our employees to provide their feedback, including direct discussions with managers, employee surveys and interactive townhall meetings. Key topics covered during employee engagement include inclusion, diversity and equity, learning and development, work-life structure, leadership effectiveness, and employee benefits. Based on our review of employee survey results, action plans are implemented to enhance employee satisfaction and to ensure alignment with our overall human capital strategy. In fiscal 2022, we responded to employee need for more access to career opportunities by launching our first Talent Marketplace, ELC Grow, which enables employees to explore personalized roles, projects, and networking opportunities that can empower employees to grow their skills and career. We are expanding access to this marketplace to all employees globally in fiscal 2024. 
 An important element of our talent strategy is succession planning and building leadership at various levels across the organization. We regularly discuss potential successors to key roles, review relevant backgrounds and capabilities and develop succession plans accordingly. 
 
 To enhance innovation, productivity and our speed to market, we aim to foster an environment of curiosity and to create a workplace that encourages continuous learning and development. We offer training and development programs that are focused on strengthening leadership and professional skills at various stages of an employee s career. Our programs are offered through in-person, online or virtual learning experiences. 
 As our ways of working continue to evolve, we have adjusted and reprioritized our training and development programs and delivery methods to meet the needs of our employees who are working from home. These changes included delivering learning experiences around subject matters such as managing remotely, mental health awareness and building resilience during uncertain times, as well as pivoting traditional in-person sessions to virtual instructor-led learning. In addition, we continue to curate digital content to support business as usual focus areas, such as performance development, as well as socially relevant information around racial justice and inclusion and diversity. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 We are committed to providing a healthy and safe workplace for our employees. We establish and update safety policies and procedures, train employees on our safety guidelines and local requirements, and create a culture focused on safety through ongoing communication, awareness and engagement. As we plan for the future, our focus is on flexibility, work-life harmonization, and ensuring that our employees have what they need to succeed personally and professionally. 
 
 Employee Rewards 
 
 We offer compelling and competitive compensation packages with the objectives to attract, motivate and retain world-class talent, and we are committed to fair and equitable pay across the organization. Employee compensation is based on specific circumstances, including role and experience, geographic location and performance. In addition to base pay, we offer annual incentive awards and equity awards for employees at certain job grades. 
 
 To support the health and well-being of our employees, we offer competitive benefit packages that may include pension and post-retirement benefit plans, health and wellness benefits, flexible working arrangements, parental (maternal and paternal) leave, adoption assistance and education-related benefits, which may vary by country. 

14 

Table of Contents 

Volunteerism and Community Engagement 
 We are dedicated to being active and respectful citizens, and we engage in philanthropic and employee volunteering efforts to enhance the communities we touch. We are inspired by the generosity of our employees and encourage them to become involved in their communities by offering programs to support the causes that matter to them. To empower employees, ELC Good Works, our global charitable and volunteerism program, allows eligible employees to create and participate in volunteer activities, with their cash donations matched by the Company and volunteer hours rewarded through additional cash donations by the Company. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We and our products are subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration and the Federal Trade Commission in the United States, as well as by various other federal, state, local and international regulatory authorities and the regulatory authorities in the countries in which our products are produced or sold. Such laws and regulations relate to a wide range of matters including ingredients, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, marketing, advertising, transport and the sale, disposal and safety of our products, as well as environmental matters. Compliance with these laws and regulations has not had and is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s capital expenditures, including capital expenditures for environmental control facilities, earnings or competitive position. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our results of operations in total, by geographic region and by product category, are subject to seasonal fluctuations, with net sales in the first half of the fiscal year typically being slightly higher than in the second half of the fiscal year. The higher net sales in the first half of the fiscal year are attributable to the increased levels of purchasing by consumers for special events and by retailers for holiday selling seasons. Fluctuations in net sales and operating income in total and by geographic region and product category in any fiscal quarter may be attributable to the level and scope of new product introductions or the particular retail calendars followed by our customers that are retailers, which may impact their order placement and receipt of goods. Additionally, gross margins and operating expenses are impacted on a quarter-by-quarter basis by holiday and key shopping moments, as well as variations in our launch calendar and the timing of promotions, including purchase with purchase and gift with purchase promotions. 
 
 Availability of Reports 
 
 We make available financial information, news releases and other information on our website: www.elcompanies.com . Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other reports, as well as any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available free of charge via the EDGAR database at www.sec.gov or our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports and amendments with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct 
 The Board of Directors has developed corporate governance practices to help it fulfill its responsibilities to stockholders in providing general direction and oversight of management. These practices are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. We also have a Code of Conduct Code applicable to all employees, officers and directors of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and other senior financial officers. These documents and any waiver of a provision of the Code granted to any senior officer or director or any material amendment to the Code may be found in the Investors section of our website : www.elcompanies.com under the heading Corporate Governance. The charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and ESG Committee may be found in the same location on our website. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 Name Age Position(s) Held Roberto Canevari 57 Executive Vice President Global Supply Chain St phane de La Faverie 49 Executive Group President Fabrizio Freda 65 President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director Carl Haney 60 Executive Vice President, Global Research Product and Innovation Officer Jane Hertzmark Hudis 63 Executive Group President Peter Jueptner 60 President, International Jane Lauder 50 Executive Vice President, Enterprise Marketing and Chief Data Officer and a Director Leonard A. Lauder 90 Chairman Emeritus and a Director Ronald S. Lauder 79 Chairman of Clinique Laboratories, LLC and a Director William P. Lauder 63 Executive Chairman and a Director Michael O Hare 55 Executive Vice President Global Human Resources Deirdre Stanley 58 Executive Vice President and General Counsel Tracey T. Travis 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Meridith Webster 47 Executive Vice President Global Communications and Public Affairs 
 as of August 11, 2023 
 
 All of the executive officers named above have been employees of the Company for more than five years, with the exception of Roberto Canevari, Deirdre Stanley and Meridith Webster. Mr. Canevari joined the Company in 2021; previously, from July 2019 to April 2021, he served as Executive Vice President, Supply Chain, Europe, at Unilever PLC, a consumer goods company, and from September 2012 to June 2019, he was Chief Supply Chain Officer at Burberry Group PLC, a global luxury brand. Ms. Stanley joined the Company in 2019; previously, she served as General Counsel for Thomson Reuters Corporation, a provider of business information services, and its predecessor company, for 17 years. Ms. Webster joined the Company in 2021; previously from January 2021 to May 2021, she served as Chief of Staff, Domestic Policy Council, The White House; from 2018 to 2021, she was Chief Communications Officer, Vox Media, Inc., an independent media company; from 2017 to 2018, Ms. Webster was Managing Director for Public Affairs at Emerson Collective, an organization focused on a wide range of initiatives including education, immigration, climate, and cancer research and treatment, and from 2011 to 2017, she served at Bloomberg L.P., a provider of business and financial information and news, in a variety of roles, including the Global Head of Public Affairs. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Information about our Board of Directors 
 Name Principal Occupation or Employment Charlene Barshefsky Chair, Parkside Global Advisors, an international consulting company, and former Senior International Partner, WilmerHale, a law firm Wei Sun Christianson Senior Advisor at Morgan Stanley, a global financial services firm, and former Managing Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Asia Pacific and Chief Executive Officer of China at Morgan Stanley Lynn Forester de Rothschild CEO of E.L. Rothschild LLC, a private investment company 
 Angela Wei Dong Global Vice President and General Manager of Greater China, NIKE, Inc., a company that designs and develops, and markets and sells worldwide, athletic footwear, equipment, accessories and services Fabrizio Freda President and Chief Executive Officer, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Paul J. Fribourg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Continental Grain Company, an international agribusiness and investment company Jennifer Hyman Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Rent the Runway, Inc., a company that enables women to subscribe, rent items, and shop retail from an unlimited closet of designer brands 
 Jane Lauder Executive Vice President, Enterprise Marketing and Chief Data Officer, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Leonard A. Lauder Chairman Emeritus, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Ronald S. Lauder Chairman, Clinique Laboratories, LLC William P. Lauder Executive Chairman, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Arturo Nu ez 
 Manager of private investments on his own behalf and former Chief Marketing Officer, Nu Holdings Ltd., a digital banking platform Richard D. Parsons Chairman of the Equity Alliance, a firm that invests in diverse, emerging venture capital fund managers, and co-founder and partner of Imagination Capital LLC, a venture capital firm Barry S. Sternlicht Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Starwood Capital Group, a privately-held global investment firm Jennifer Tejada Chief Executive Officer and Chair, PagerDuty, Inc., a digital operations management platform Richard F. Zannino Managing Director, CCMP Capital Advisors, LLC, a private equity firm 
 as of August 11, 2023 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There are risks associated with an investment in our securities. Please consider the following risks and all of the other information in this annual report on Form 10-K and in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our business may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial. If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur or other risks arise or develop, our business, which includes our prospects, financial condition and results of operations, the trading prices of our securities and our reputation, may be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks related to our Business and our Industry 
 The beauty business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively our results will suffer. 
 We face vigorous competition from companies throughout the world, including multinational consumer product companies. Some competitors have greater resources than we do, others are newer companies (some backed by private-equity investors), and some are competing in distribution channels where we are less represented. In some cases, we may not be able to respond to changing business and economic conditions as quickly as our competitors. Competition in the beauty business is based on a variety of factors including pricing of products, innovation, perceived value, service to the consumer, promotional activities, advertising, special events, new product introductions, e-commerce and m-commerce initiatives and other activities. It is difficult for us to predict the timing and scale of our competitors actions in these areas. 
 Our ability to compete also depends on the continued strength of our brands, our ability to attract and retain key talent and other personnel, the efficiency of our manufacturing facilities and distribution network, and our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property and those other rights used in our business. Our Company has a well-recognized and strong reputation that could be negatively impacted by social media and many other factors. If our reputation is adversely affected, our ability to attract and retain customers, consumers and employees could be impacted. In addition, certain of our key retailers around the world market and sell competing brands or are owned or otherwise affiliated with companies that market and sell competing brands. Our inability to continue to compete effectively in key countries around the world (e.g., China) could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our inability to anticipate and respond to market trends and changes in consumer preferences could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our continued success depends on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a timely and cost-effective manner to changes in consumer preferences for skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products, attitudes toward our industry and brands, as well as to where and how consumers shop. We must continually work to develop, manufacture and market new products, maintain and adapt our High-Touch services to existing and emerging distribution channels, maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands, achieve a favorable mix of products, successfully manage our inventories, and modernize and refine our approach as to how and where we market and sell our products. We recognize that consumer preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly, driven by the use of digital and social media by consumers and the speed by which information and opinions are shared. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to challenges that we may face in the marketplace, trends in the market for our products and changing consumer demands and sentiment, our financial results will suffer. In addition, from time to time, sales growth or profitability may be concentrated in a relatively small number of our brands, channels or countries (e.g., China). If such a situation persists or one or more brands, channels or countries fails to perform as expected, there could be a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In certain key markets, such as the United States, we have seen a longer-term decline in retail traffic in our department store customers. Consolidation or liquidation in the retail trade, from these or other factors, may result in us becoming increasingly dependent on key retailers and could result in an increased risk related to the concentration of our customers. A severe, adverse impact on the business operations of our customers could have a corresponding material adverse effect on us. If one or more of our largest customers change their strategies (including pricing or promotional activities), enter bankruptcy (or similar proceedings) or if our relationship with any large customer is changed or terminated for any reason, there could be a material adverse effect on our business. 

18 

Table of Contents 

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to achieve our long-term strategy. 
 Achieving our long-term strategy will require investment in new capabilities, brands, categories, distribution channels, supply chain facilities, technologies and emerging and more mature geographic markets (e.g., China). These investments may result in short-term costs without any current sales and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings. In addition, we may dispose of or discontinue select brands or streamline operations and incur costs or restructuring and other charges in doing so. Although we believe that our strategy will lead to long-term growth in sales and profitability, we may not realize the anticipated benefits. The failure to realize benefits, which may be due to our inability to execute plans, global or local economic conditions, competition, changes in the beauty industry and the other risks described herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional risks. 
 We continuously review acquisition and strategic investment opportunities that would expand our current product offerings, our distribution channels, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities. In addition, we periodically review our brand portfolio, and our strategy includes potential divestitures of certain brands as we rationalize product offerings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify these strategic actions and consummate such transactions on favorable terms. 
 
 Acquisitions including strategic investments or alliances entail numerous risks, which may include: (i) difficulties in integrating acquired operations or products, including the loss of key employees from, or customers, consumers or suppliers of, acquired businesses; (ii) diversion of management s attention from our existing businesses; (iii) adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, customers and consumers of ours or the companies in which we invest; (iv) adverse impacts of margin and product cost structures different from those of our current mix of business; (v) reputational risks associated with the activities of the businesses that we acquire or in which we invest; and (vi) risks of entering distribution channels, categories or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience. 
 If required, the financing for these transactions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our stockholders or both. The purchase price for some acquisitions may include additional amounts to be paid in cash in the future, a portion of which may be contingent on the achievement of certain future operating results of the acquired business. If the performance of any such acquired business exceeds such operating results, then we may incur additional charges and be required to pay additional amounts. 
 Completed acquisitions typically result in additional goodwill and/or an increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet. We are required at least annually, or as facts and circumstances exist, to test goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives to determine if impairment has occurred. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets. Should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, there could be a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our failure to achieve the long-term plan for acquired businesses, as well as any other adverse consequences associated with our acquisition, divestiture and investment activities, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by social impact and sustainability matters. 
 There is an increased focus from certain investors, customers, consumers, regulators, employees, and other stakeholders concerning social impact and sustainability and other ESG matters. From time to time, we announce certain initiatives, including goals and commitments, regarding our focus areas, which include environmental and climate matters; packaging; sourcing; product formulation; social investments; and inclusion, diversity and equity. We could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives, or in accurately reporting our progress on such initiatives. Such failures could be due to changes in our business (e.g., shifts in business among distribution channels or acquisitions). Moreover, the standards by which ESG efforts and related matters are measured are developing and evolving, and certain areas are subject to assumptions that could change over time. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope of our initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters. Any such matters, or related ESG matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

19 

Table of Contents 

A general economic downturn, or disruption in business conditions may affect our business including consumer purchases of discretionary items and/or the financial strength of our customers that are retailers, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 The general level of consumer spending is affected by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, inflation, interest rates, energy costs, and consumer confidence generally, all of which are beyond our control. Consumer purchases of discretionary items tend to decline during recessionary periods, when disposable income is lower, and may impact sales of our products. A decline in consumer purchases of discretionary items also tends to impact our customers that are retailers. We generally extend credit to a retailer based on an evaluation of its financial condition, usually without requiring collateral. However, the financial difficulties of a retailer could cause us to curtail or eliminate business with that customer. We may also assume more credit risk relating to the receivables from that retailer. In the event of a retailer liquidation, we may incur additional costs if we choose to purchase the retailer s inventory of our products to protect brand equity. Our inability to collect receivables from our largest customers or from a group of customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, disruptions in local or global business conditions, for example, from events such as a pandemic or other health issues, geo-political or local conflicts, civil unrest, terrorist attacks, adverse weather conditions, climate changes or seismic events, can have a short-term and, sometimes, long-term impact on consumer spending. 
 Events that impact consumers willingness or ability to travel or purchase our products while traveling may impact our business, including travel retail, a significant contributor to our overall results, and our strategy to market and sell products to international travelers at their destinations. 
 A downturn in the economies of, or continuing recessions in, the countries where we sell our products or a disruption of business conditions in those countries could adversely affect consumer confidence, the financial strength of our retailers and our sales and profitability. We are also cautious of foreign currency movements, including their impact on tourism. Additionally, we continue to monitor the effects of the global macroeconomic environment; social, political and human rights issues; regulatory matters, including the imposition of tariffs or sanctions; geopolitical tensions; and global security issues. 
 Volatility in the financial markets and a related economic downturn in key markets or markets generally throughout the world could have a material adverse effect on our business. While we typically generate significant cash flows from our ongoing operations and have access to global credit markets through our various financing activities, credit markets may experience significant disruptions. Deterioration in global financial markets or an adverse change in our credit ratings could make future financing difficult or more expensive. If any financial institutions that are parties to our revolving credit facility or other financing arrangements, such as foreign exchange or interest rate hedging instruments, were to declare bankruptcy or become insolvent, they may be unable to perform under their agreements with us. This could leave us with reduced borrowing capacity or unhedged against certain foreign currency or interest rate exposures which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our success depends, in part, on the quality, efficacy and safety of our products. 
 Our success depends, in part, on the quality, efficacy and safety of our products. If our products are found to be defective or unsafe, our product claims are found to be deceptive, or our products otherwise fail to meet our consumers expectations, our relationships with customers or consumers could suffer, the appeal of our brands could be diminished, and we could lose sales and become subject to liability or claims, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, counterfeit versions of some of our products may be sold by third parties, which may pose safety risks, may fail to meet consumers expectations, and may have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our key personnel. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain our key personnel, including our executive officers and senior management team. The unexpected loss of, or misconduct by, one or more of our key employees could adversely affect our business. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain personnel across all levels of our business. Competition for employees can be intense. We may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain necessary personnel in the future, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. This risk may be exacerbated by the stresses associated with the implementation of our strategic plan and other initiatives, as well as by market conditions. 

20 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to risks related to the global scope of our operations. 
 
 We operate on a global basis, with a substantial majority of our fiscal 2023 net sales and operating income generated outside the United States. We maintain offices in over 50 countries and have key operational facilities located inside and outside the United States that manufacture, warehouse or distribute goods for sale throughout the world. Our global operations are subject to many risks and uncertainties, including: (i) fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and the relative costs of operating in different places, which can affect our results of operations, the value of our foreign assets, the relative prices at which we and competitors sell products in the same markets, the cost of certain inventory and non-inventory items required in our operations, and the relative prices at which we sell our products in different markets; (ii) foreign or U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, immigration and travel, operations, and investments; currency exchange controls; restrictions on imports and exports, including license requirements; tariffs; sanctions; and taxes; (iii) lack of well-established or reliable legal and administrative systems in certain countries in which we operate; (iv) adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; (v) concentration of sales growth or profitability in one or more countries (e.g., China); and (vi) social, economic and geopolitical conditions, such as a pandemic, terrorist attack, war or other military action. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 A disruption in our operations, including supply chain, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 As a company engaged in manufacturing and distribution on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities. Such risks include industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, capacity constraints, disruptions in ingredient, material or packaging supply, as well as global shortages, disruptions in supply chain or information technology, loss or impairment of key manufacturing or distribution sites or suppliers, product quality control, safety, increase in commodity prices and energy costs, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters, outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins and other events or external factors over which we have no control. If such an event were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We use a wide variety of direct and indirect suppliers of goods and services from around the world. Some of our products rely on a single or a limited number of suppliers. Changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers could subject us to losses or adversely affect our ability to bring products to market. Further, the failure of our suppliers to deliver goods and services in sufficient quantities, in compliance with applicable standards, and in a timely manner could adversely affect our customer service levels and overall business. In addition, any increases in the costs of goods and services for our business may adversely affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies in our operations. 
 
 As we outsource functions, we become more dependent on the entities performing those functions. 
 As part of our long-term strategy, we are continually looking for opportunities to provide essential business services in a more cost-effective manner. In some cases, this requires the outsourcing of functions or parts of functions that can be performed more effectively by external service providers. These include certain information technology, supply chain, finance and human resource functions. The failure of one or more such providers to deliver the expected services, provide them on a timely basis or to provide them at the prices we expect may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, when we transition external service providers, we may experience challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Risks related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 Changes in laws, regulations and policies that affect our business could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our business is subject to numerous laws, regulations and policies around the world. Changes in these laws, regulations and policies, including the interpretation or enforcement thereof, that affect our business could adversely affect our financial results. These changes include accounting standards, as well as laws and regulations relating to tax matters, trade (including sanctions), data privacy (e.g., General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)), cybersecurity, anti-corruption, advertising, marketing, manufacturing, distribution, customs matters, product registration, ingredients, chemicals, packaging, selective distribution, and environmental or climate change matters. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Disputes and other legal or regulatory proceedings could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We are, and may in the future become, party to litigation, other disputes or regulatory proceedings across a wide range of matters, including ones relating to product liability matters (including asbestos-related claims), advertising, regulatory, employment, intellectual property, real estate, environmental, trade relations, tax and privacy. In general, claims made by us or against us in litigation, disputes or other proceedings can be expensive and time consuming and could result in settlements, injunctions or damages that could significantly affect our business. It is not possible to predict the final resolution of the litigation, disputes or proceedings to which we currently are or may in the future become party to, and the impact of certain of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business . 
 Government reviews, inquiries, investigations and actions could harm our business. 
 As we operate in various locations around the world, our operations are subject to governmental scrutiny and may be adversely impacted by the results of such scrutiny. The regulatory environment with regard to our business is evolving, and officials often exercise broad discretion in deciding how to interpret and apply applicable regulations. From time to time, we may receive formal and informal inquiries from various government regulatory authorities, as well as self-regulatory organizations, about our business and compliance with local laws, regulations or standards. Any determination that our operations or activities, or the activities of our employees, are not in compliance with existing laws, regulations or standards could negatively impact us in a number of ways, including the imposition of substantial fines, interruptions of business, loss of supplier, vendor or other third-party relationships, termination of necessary licenses and permits, or similar results, all of which could potentially harm our business. Regardless of the outcomes, these reviews, inquiries, investigations and actions could create negative publicity which could harm our business. 
 Risks related to Technology and Cybersecurity Matters 
 The compromise or interruption of, or damage to, our information technology (including our operational technology and websites) by cybersecurity incidents, data security breaches, other security problems, design defects or system failures could have a material negative impact on our business. 
 We rely on information technology that supports our business processes, including research and development, product development, production, distribution, marketing, sales, order processing, consumer experiences, human resource management, finance and internal and external communications throughout the world. We have e-commerce, m-commerce and other Internet websites in the United States and many other countries. 
 
 We experience cybersecurity incidents of varying degrees on our information technology and, as a result, unauthorized parties have obtained in the past, and may obtain in the future, access to our systems and data (including unauthorized acquisition of such data). As we disclosed on July 18, 2023, and as noted in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, an unauthorized third party gained access to some of our systems and data (including unauthorized acquisition of such data), which caused disruption to parts of our business operations and resulted in various expenses for investigation, remediation and other related matters. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents at our Company have in the past resulted from, and may in the future result from, social engineering or impersonation of authorized users, and may also result from efforts to discover and exploit design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or security weaknesses, intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism or fraud by third parties and sabotage. In some instances, efforts to correct vulnerabilities or prevent incidents have in the past and may in the future reduce the functionality or performance of our information technology, which could negatively impact our business. Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by ransomware, distributed denial-of-service attacks, worms, and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including the covert introduction of malware to our information technology, and the use of techniques or processes that change frequently, may be disguised or difficult to detect, or are designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, and may continue undetected for an extended period of time. In addition, some of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, cloud solution providers and customers have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such incidents, which could in turn disrupt our business. Insurance policies that may provide coverage with regard to such events may not cover any or all of the resulting financial losses. 

22 

Table of Contents 

As part of our normal business activities, we collect and store certain information that is confidential, proprietary or otherwise sensitive, including personal information of consumers, customers, suppliers, service providers and employees. We share some of this information with certain third parties who assist us with business matters. Moreover, the success of our operations depends upon the secure transmission of confidential, proprietary or otherwise sensitive data, including personal information, over networks. Any unauthorized access or data acquisition, despite security measures in place to protect such data, or other failure on the part of us or third parties to maintain the security of such data could result in business disruption, damage to our reputation, financial obligations to third parties, legal obligations, fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings and private litigation with potentially large costs, and also could result in deterioration in confidence in our Company and other competitive disadvantages, and thus could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In addition, a cybersecurity incident could require that we expend significant additional resources on remediation, restoration and enhancement of our information technology. 
 
 Risks related to our Securities and our Ownership Structure 
 The trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall based on the accuracy of predictions of our financial performance. 
 Our business planning process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth and profitability, not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. We believe that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. At the same time, however, we recognize that it may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to our expectations regarding certain aspects of our business. This could include forecasts of net sales, earnings per share and other financial metrics or projections. We assume no responsibility to provide or update guidance, and any longer-term guidance we may provide is based on goals that we believe, at the time guidance is given, are reasonably attainable for growth and performance over a number of years. We historically have paid dividends on our common stock and repurchased shares of our Class A Common Stock; however, at times we have suspended the declaration of dividends and/or the repurchase of our Class A Common Stock. Going forward, at any time, we could stop, suspend or change the amounts of dividends or stop or suspend our stock repurchase program, and any such action could cause the market price of our stock to decline. 
 In all of our public statements when we make, or update, a forward-looking statement about our business, whether it be about net sales or earnings expectations or expectations regarding restructuring or other initiatives, or otherwise, we accompany such statements directly, or by reference to a public document, with a list of factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those we expect. Such a list is included, among other places, in our earnings press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC (e.g., in our reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q). These and other factors may make it difficult for us and for outside observers, such as research analysts, to predict what our earnings or other financial metrics, or business outcomes, will be in any given fiscal quarter or year. 
 Outside analysts and investors have the right to make their own predictions of our business for any future period. Outside analysts, however, have access to no more material information about our results or plans than any other public investor, and we do not endorse their predictions as to our future performance. Nor do we assume any responsibility to correct the predictions of outside analysts or others when they differ from our own internal expectations. If our actual results differ from those that outside analysts or others have been predicting, the market price of our securities could be affected. Investors who rely on the predictions of outside analysts or others when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. We take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such changes in the prices of our securities. 
 We are controlled by the Lauder family. As a result, the Lauder family has the ability to prevent or cause a change in control or approve, prevent or influence certain actions by us. 
 As of August 11, 2023, members of the Lauder family beneficially own, directly or indirectly, shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (with one vote per share) and Class B Common Stock (with 10 votes per share) having approximately 84 of the outstanding voting power of the Common Stock. In addition, there are four members of the Lauder family who are Company employees and members of our Board of Directors. 
 As a result of their stock ownership and positions at the Company, as well as our dual-class structure, the Lauder family has the ability to exercise significant control and influence over our business, including all matters requiring stockholder approval (e.g., the election of directors, amendments to the certificate of incorporation, and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our Company or its assets) for the foreseeable future. In addition, if significant stock indices decide to prohibit the inclusion of companies with dual-class stock structures, the price of our Class A Common Stock could be negatively impacted and could become more volatile. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

We are a controlled company within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange rules and, as a result, are relying on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that are designed to provide protection to stockholders of companies that are not controlled companies. 
 The Lauder family and their related entities own more than 50 of the total voting power of our common shares and, as a result, we are a controlled company under the New York Stock Exchange corporate governance standards. As a controlled company, we are exempt under the New York Stock Exchange standards from the obligation to comply with certain New York Stock Exchange corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that (1) a majority of our board of directors consists of independent directors; (2) we have a nominating committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and (3) we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 While we have voluntarily caused our Board to have a majority of independent directors and the written charters of our Nominating and ESG Committee and Compensation Committee to have the required provisions, we are not requiring our Nominating and ESG Committee and Compensation Committee to be comprised solely of independent directors. As a result of our use of the controlled company exemptions, investors will not have the same protection afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the New York Stock Exchange corporate governance requirements. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties . 
 
 The following table sets forth our principal owned and leased manufacturing, assembly, research and development R D and distribution facilities, some of which include contiguous office space, as well as our principal executive offices, as of August 11, 2023. The leases expire at various times through 2079 subject to certain renewal options. 
 
 The Americas Europe, the Middle East Africa Asia/Pacific Owned Leased Owned Leased Owned Leased Manufacturing 2 2 2 R D 1 2 1 Distribution 6 1 7 3 Manufacturing and R D 1 1 1 Manufacturing and Assembly 3 Distribution and Manufacturing 1 Principal Executive Offices 1 Total 4 15 5 7 4 
 
 Certain of our manufacturing facilities are utilized primarily for the production of products relating to particular product categories: three for makeup; two for skin care; two for skin care and fragrance; and one for skin care and hair care. As demand changes, certain of our manufacturing facilities can produce products from categories other than their primary category. In fiscal 2023, four of our primarily makeup facilities also produced a significant volume of skin care products. In fiscal 2023, we began limited production in our new owned manufacturing facility near Tokyo as we continued construction. We expect the remainder of the site to be completed and operational in early fiscal 2024, with production levels scaling over the next few years. 
 
 In fiscal 2023, we completed construction of a newly leased site for our new Research and Development facility in China. 
 
 We consider our properties to be generally in good condition and believe that our facilities are adequate for our operations and provide sufficient capacity to meet anticipated requirements. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Our Class A Common Stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol EL. 
 On August 17, 2023, a dividend was declared in the amount of .66 per share on our Class A and Class B Common Stock. The dividend is payable in cash on September 15, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on August 31, 2023. We expect to continue the payment of cash dividends in the future, but there can be no assurance as to the amounts of any dividends declared or that the Board of Directors will continue to declare them. 
 As of August 11, 2023, there were 2,133 record holders of Class A Common Stock and 13 record holders of Class B Common Stock. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 We are authorized by the Board of Directors to repurchase shares of our Class A Common Stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, depending on market conditions and other factors. The following table provides information relating to our repurchase of Class A Common Stock during the referenced periods: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Program (2) 
 April 2023 882 254.82 25,073,242 May 2023 1,089 195.53 25,073,242 June 2023 65,830 194.76 25,073,242 67,801 195.56 
 (1) Represents shares that were repurchased by the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations upon the payout of certain stock-based compensation arrangements. 
 (2) The Board of Directors has authorized the current repurchase program for up to 256.0 million shares. The total amount was last increased by the Board on October 31, 2018. Our repurchase program does not have an expiration date. 
 
 Beginning in December 2022, we suspended the repurchase of shares of our Class A Common Stock under our publicly announced program. We may resume such repurchases in the future. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative five-year total stockholder return (stock price appreciation plus dividends) on the Company s Class A Common Stock with the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and the S P Consumer Staples Index. The returns are calculated by assuming an investment of 100 in the Class A Common Stock and in each index on June 30, 2018. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 We manufacture, market and sell beauty products including those in the skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care categories, which are distributed in approximately 150 countries and territories. The following table is a comparative summary of operating results for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 and reflects the basis of presentation described in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 22 Segment Data and Related Information for all periods presented. Products and services that do not meet our definition of skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care have been included in the other category. 
 Year Ended June 30 (In millions) 2023 2022 2021 NET SALES By Product Category: Skin Care 8,202 9,886 9,484 Makeup 4,516 4,667 4,203 Fragrance 2,512 2,508 1,926 Hair Care 653 631 571 Other 54 49 45 15,937 17,741 16,229 Returns associated with restructuring and other activities (27) (4) (14) Net sales 15,910 17,737 16,215 By Region (1) : 
 The Americas 4,518 4,623 3,797 Europe, the Middle East Africa 6,225 7,681 6,946 Asia/Pacific 5,194 5,437 5,486 15,937 17,741 16,229 Returns associated with restructuring and other activities (27) (4) (14) Net sales 15,910 17,737 16,215 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) By Product Category: Skin Care 1,204 2,753 3,036 Makeup (22) 133 (384) Fragrance 440 456 215 Hair Care (34) (28) (19) Other 6 (2) 1,594 3,314 2,846 Charges associated with restructuring and other activities (85) (144) (228) Operating income 1,509 3,170 2,618 By Region (1) : 
 The Americas (73) 1,159 518 Europe, the Middle East Africa 843 1,360 1,335 Asia/Pacific 824 795 993 1,594 3,314 2,846 Charges associated with restructuring and other activities (85) (144) (228) Operating income 1,509 3,170 2,618 
 (1) The net sales from the Company s travel retail business are included in the Europe, the Middle East Africa region, with the exception of net sales of Dr.Jart+ in the travel retail channel that are reflected in Korea in the Asia/Pacific region. Operating income attributable to the travel retail sales included in Europe, the Middle East Africa is included in that region and in The Americas. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents certain consolidated earnings data as a percentage of net sales: 
 Year Ended June 30 2023 2022 2021 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 28.7 24.3 23.6 Gross profit 71.3 75.7 76.4 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 60.2 55.7 57.8 Restructuring and other charges 0.3 0.8 1.3 Goodwill impairment 0.3 Impairment of other intangible and long-lived assets 1.3 1.4 0.8 Total operating expenses 61.8 57.9 60.2 Operating income 9.5 17.9 16.1 Interest expense 1.6 0.9 1.1 Interest income and investment income, net 0.8 0.2 0.3 Other components of net periodic benefit cost (0.1) 0.1 Other income, net 5.2 Earnings before income taxes 8.8 17.1 20.5 Provision for income taxes 2.4 3.5 2.8 Net earnings 6.3 13.6 17.7 Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests (0.1) Net loss (earnings) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (0.1) Net earnings attributable to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. 6.3 13.5 17.7 Not adjusted for differences caused by rounding 
 
 Period-over-period changes in our net sales are generally attributable to the impacts from (i) pricing on our base portfolio, including changes in mix and those due to strategic pricing actions, (ii) volume, including changes driven by the impact of new product innovation, (iii) acquisitions and/or divestitures, and/or (iv) foreign currency translation. The percentages disclosed for these impacts are calculated on an individual basis. 
 
 The net sales impact from pricing consists of changes in list prices, due to strategic pricing actions, and mix shifts within and among product categories, geographic regions, brands and distribution channels. The prices at which we sell our products vary by brand, distribution channel (e.g., wholesale or direct-to-consumer) and may also vary by country. Our brands and products cover a broad array of pricing tiers. Prices of skin care and fragrance products are typically higher than makeup and hair care products. 
 
 New product innovation includes the introduction of new products, as well as changes related to existing products or where they are sold, including reformulations, regional expansion, repackaging and sets. A product is considered "new innovation" for the twelve-month period following the initial shipment date. Our innovation is launched at different price points than existing products and value derived from innovation may vary from year to year. We continually introduce new products, support new and established products through advertising, merchandising and sampling and phase out existing products that no longer meet the needs of our consumers or our objectives. The economics of developing, producing, launching, supporting and discontinuing products impact our sales and operating performance each period. The introduction of new products often has some cannibalizing effect on sales of existing products, which we take into account in our business planning. The impact of new product introductions, including timing compared to introductions in prior periods, also affects our results. 

29 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use certain non-GAAP financial measures, among other financial measures, to evaluate our operating performance, which represent the manner in which we conduct and view our business. Management believes that excluding certain items that are not comparable from period to period helps investors and others compare operating performance between periods. While we consider the non-GAAP measures useful in analyzing our results, they are not intended to replace, or act as a substitute for, any presentation included in the consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 We operate on a global basis, with the majority of our net sales generated outside the United States. Accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can affect our results of operations. Therefore, we present certain net sales, operating results and diluted net earnings per common share information excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations to provide a framework for assessing the performance of our underlying business outside the United States. Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period-over-period. We calculate constant currency information by translating current-period results using monthly average foreign currency exchange rates and adjusting for the period-over-period impact of foreign currency cash flow hedging activities. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Business Update 
 
 We are a leader in prestige beauty, which combines the repeat purchase and relative affordability of consumer goods with high quality products and services. Within prestige beauty, we are diversified by product category, geography, brand, product sub-category, channel, consumer segment and price point. We also leverage consumer analytics and insights with agility by deploying our brands to fast growing and profitable opportunities. These analytics and insights, combined with our creativity, inform our innovation to provide a broad, locally-relevant and inclusive range of prestige products allowing us to compete effectively for a greater share of a consumer's beauty routine. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the operating environment continued to be disrupted by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Most notably, the pace of recovery in Asia travel retail and mainland China was slower than anticipated. In Hainan, prolonged store closures initially presented a headwind and, thereafter, low levels of conversion occurred when travel resumed. This was compounded by inventory tightening by certain retailers. In Korea, the travel retail business slowed during the transition to post-COVID-19 regulations. In addition, the slower than anticipated resumption of international flights, granting of visas, and organized group tours further challenged the Asia travel retail recovery. As a result, our Asia travel retail business was challenged throughout the fiscal year by the slower than anticipated recovery. In mainland China, our performance in the first half of fiscal 2023 was hindered by low retail traffic as a result of COVID-19-related restrictions and the rise in COVID-19 cases. 
 
 Elsewhere, the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic progressed across markets globally over the course of the fiscal year as restrictions lifted. In the West, our recovery from the pandemic continued with net sales growth in many markets in Europe, the Middle East Africa and in Latin America. In Asia/Pacific, certain of our markets emerged strongly into recovery across the fiscal year, to deliver net sales growth throughout the region. 
 
 In the United States, net sales was unfavorably impacted by the slower than anticipated pace of our improvement at retail and the tightening of inventory in certain retailers in the first half of fiscal 2023 due to inflationary pressures and recession concerns. 
 
 Finally, our business was also pressured by the strong U.S dollar, inflation and recession concerns globally. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, net sales decreased 10 , reflecting the impacts noted above. 
 
 Our skin care net sales declined 17 , including the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 3 , driven by declines from Est e Lauder, La Mer and Dr.Jart+, primarily reflecting the challenges in our Asia travel retail business throughout the year, as previously discussed. Partially offsetting these declines was growth in every geographic region from The Ordinary, reflecting the success of hero products and new product launches, and from M A C, driven by the launch of the Hyper Real line of products. 

30 

Table of Contents 

Our makeup net sales decreased 3 , primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 4 . Net sales declines from Est e Lauder, TOM FORD and La Mer, primarily reflect the challenges in Asia travel retail throughout the year and in mainland China in the first half of the fiscal year, as previously discussed, were partially offset by higher net sales from M A C, primarily driven by the recognition of the previously deferred revenue due to changes to the BACK-To-M A C take back program, and Clinique. 
 Our fragrance net sales remained virtually flat as growth driven by Est e Lauder, Le Labo, TOM FORD, Clinique, and Kilian Paris was offset by the impact of the license terminations effective June 30, 2022 related to certain of our designer fragrances of 9 and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 4 . 
 Our hair care net sales increased 3 , driven by higher net sales from The Ordinary reflecting the recent launch of hair care products by the brand, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 3 . 
 Our global distribution capability and operations allow us to focus on targeted expanded consumer reach wherever consumer demographics and trends are attractive. Our regional organizations, and the expertise of our people there, enable our brands to be more locally and culturally relevant in both product assortment and communications. We are evolving the way we connect with our consumers in stores, online and where they travel, including by expanding our digital and social media presence and the engagement of global and local influencers to amplify brand or product stories. We tailor implementation of our strategy by market to drive consumer engagement and embrace inclusion and cultural diversity. We continuously strengthen our presence in large, image-building core markets, while broadening our presence in emerging markets. 
 Net sales in The Americas decreased 2 , primarily driven by a decrease in the United States, reflecting the slower than anticipated pace of our improvement at retail, the tightening of inventory from certain of our retailers during the first half of fiscal 2023 and the impact of the license terminations related to certain of our designer fragrances. Partially offsetting this decrease in The Americas was an increase in net sales in Latin America, led by Brazil and Mexico, driven by growth in makeup, which reflected new product launches and successful performance during key shopping moments. 
 Net sales in Europe, the Middle East Africa decreased 19 , including the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 3 , driven primarily by lower net sales from our travel retail business reflecting the challenges in our Asia travel retail business as previously discussed. 
 Net sales in Asia/Pacific decreased 4 , driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 8 and the challenges stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, led by our Dr.Jart+ travel retail business in Korea, partially offset by the increase in net sales in Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR and Southeast Asia, reflecting the continued COVID-19 recovery and successful brand activations and new product launches in Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR. 
 
 We approach distribution strategically by product category and location and seek to optimize distribution by matching our brands with appropriate opportunities while seeking to maintain high productivity per door. We are expanding our brands in online and travel retail, which we believe will be higher growth channels in the long term. We also focus on brand-building retail activities, technology-driven activations and omnichannel capabilities that enhance the shopping experience for consumers. 
 
 As part of this strategy, we have built a leadership position in the global travel retail channel, that historically allowed us to leverage the robust and growing international passenger traffic. While the Asia travel retail business continued to be pressured by the slower than anticipated recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, we realized recovery in The Americas and Europe, the Middle East Africa and we continue to believe that global travel retail is a long-term growth opportunity. Travel retail continues to be an important channel for brand building, particularly for those consumers who experience our brands for the first time while traveling. We continue to expand our strategic presence in travel retail across duty-free locations primarily in airports and downtown stores and increasingly through online retail. We engage consumers at the airport through compelling pop-up activations in non-traditional commercial areas, and we ensure we have appropriate communication and curated assortments for targeted consumer groups. At the same time, travel retail is susceptible to a number of external factors, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and consumers willingness and ability to travel and spend. 
 
 We continue to support e- and m-commerce sites of our own, collaborate with our retailers on their e-commerce sites, and sell through select third-party online malls. We believe our success in the channel is a result of adapting our strategy to meet local market and cultural needs. We also continue to develop and implement omnichannel concepts, virtual try-on tools and compelling content to deliver an integrated consumer experience and better serve consumers as they shop across channels. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

In fiscal 2023, we continued to further integrate social impact and sustainability into our strategy and business operations. Areas of focus include climate and energy; packaging; sourcing; green chemistry and ingredient transparency; inclusion, diversity and equity; employee health and safety; and social investments. 
 
 Outlook 
 
 We are experiencing a more gradual and prolonged recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in our Asia travel retail business. In Asia travel retail, there have been, and are likely to continue to be, impacts on our business in the near-term, from the slower than anticipated depletion of elevated levels of retailer inventory and, therefore, lower replenishment orders, as well as the slower than anticipated resumption of international flights, granting of visas, and organized group tours. Additionally, in Korea, the shipments to duty free retailers were pressured owing to the transition to post-COVID-19 regulations as traveling consumers gradually return. In addition to impacting net sales and profitability, including any unfavorable impacts to our effective tax rate from changes to our geographical mix of earnings, these and other challenges may adversely impact the goodwill and other intangible assets associated with our brands, as well as long-lived assets (i.e. potentially resulting in impairments). 
 
 We believe that the best way to increase long-term stockholder value is to continue providing superior products and services in the most efficient and effective manner while recognizing shifts in consumers behaviors and shopping practices. Accordingly, our long-term strategy has numerous initiatives across geographic regions, product categories, brands, channels of distribution and functions designed to grow our sales, provide cost efficiencies, leverage our strengths and make us more productive and profitable. We plan to build upon and leverage our history of outstanding creativity and innovation, high quality products and services, and engaging communications while investing for long-term sustainable growth. 
 
 We continue to monitor the effects of the global macro environment, including the risk of recession; currency volatility; inflationary pressures; supply chain challenges; social and political issues; regulatory matters, including the imposition of tariffs and sanctions; geopolitical tensions; and global security issues. For example, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar could negatively impact results within Europe, the Middle East Africa due to pricing pressures on our retail customers and consumers in key international travel retail locations. Additionally, we continue to monitor the geopolitical tensions between the United States and China, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are also mindful of inflationary pressures on our cost base and are monitoring the impact on consumer preferences. 
 
 As the invasion of Ukraine continues and international sanctions evolve, we have scaled down our operations in Russia. We expect to continue selling a limited selection of products to retailers in Russia. We will continue to monitor the risks and evolving situation that may further affect our business and will adjust our plans accordingly. In fiscal 2023, our net sales in Ukraine and Russia accounted for approximately 1 of consolidated net sales. There are uncertainties related to the future impacts on our business, including possible new sanctions that are difficult to predict due to the high level of geopolitical volatility. On a broader perspective, there could be additional negative impacts to our net sales, earnings, assets and cash flows from such uncertainties. We also note that worsening conditions could exacerbate economic challenges in other countries such as inflationary pressures, energy shortages, recessions or other consequences. Please refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, for a more complete discussion of the risks we encounter in our business and industry. 
 
 The uncertainty around the timing, speed and duration of the recovery from the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impacts on our business in Asia travel retail and mainland China and the other macro challenges we are facing, will continue to affect our ability to grow sales profitably. We believe we can, to some extent, offset the impact of some of these challenges by continually developing and pursuing a diversified strategy with multiple engines of growth and by accelerating initiatives focused on areas of strength, discipline and agility, including continuing to execute upon and benefit from efficiencies attributable to previously approved initiatives under the Post-COVID Business Acceleration Program. As the current situation continues to progress, if economic and social conditions or the degree of uncertainty or volatility worsen, or the adverse conditions previously described are further prolonged, there could be a further negative effect on consumer confidence, demand, spending and willingness or ability to travel and, as a result, on our business. We are continuing to monitor these and other risks that may affect our business. 

32 

Table of Contents 

Cybersecurity Incident Disclosed in July 2023 
 As previously disclosed on July 18, 2023, we identified a cybersecurity incident in which an unauthorized third party gained access to some of our systems. After becoming aware of the incident, we proactively took down some of our systems to help secure our business operations and subsequently brought back online core systems within days. While the response to the incident resulted in some disruptions to our business operations, most notably general corporate activities and order processing, our production and sales operations were minimally impacted. 
 
 Our investigation into the systems and the unauthorized access is substantially complete. We determined that the unauthorized third party obtained some data from our systems. We are continuing to work to understand the nature and scope of the data obtained, and can confirm, based on the investigation to date, that the data obtained includes some consumer data (such as names, contact information, and dates of birth). We took steps, and continue to take steps, to enhance the security of our systems. We are also continuing to coordinate with law enforcement authorities. We have provided and will continue to provide notification to governmental authorities in certain jurisdictions and we also will notify affected individuals where required by law. 
 
 Based on the information available to date, we believe the incident is contained. Based on this information, the incident is not expected to have a material impact on net sales and is expected to be dilutive approximately .07 to earnings per share for the fiscal 2024 first quarter and full year. 
 
 Post-COVID Business Acceleration Program 
 On August 20, 2020, we announced a two-year restructuring program, Post-COVID Business Acceleration Program (the PCBA Program ), designed to realign our business to address the dramatic shifts to our distribution landscape and consumer behaviors in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. The PCBA Program was designed to help improve efficiency and effectiveness by rebalancing resources to growth areas of prestige beauty. The PCBA Program s main areas of focus include accelerating the shift to online with the realignment of our distribution network reflecting freestanding store and certain department store closures, with a focus on North America and Europe, the Middle East Africa; the reduction in brick-and-mortar point of sale employees and related support staff; and the redesign of our regional branded marketing organizations, plus select opportunities in global brands and functions. This program is expected to position us to better execute our long-term strategy and strengthen our financial flexibility. We approved specific initiatives under the PCBA Program through fiscal 2022 and substantially completed those initiatives through fiscal 2023. For additional information about restructuring and other charges, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 8 Charges Associated with Restructuring and Other Activities . 
 
 Impairment Analysis 
 We assess goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment or more frequently if certain events or circumstances exist. 
 
 During the fiscal 2023 second quarter, given the lower-than-expected results in the overall business, we revised the internal forecasts relating to our Smashbox reporting unit. We concluded that the changes in circumstances in the reporting unit triggered the need for an interim impairment review of its trademark intangible asset. The remaining carrying value of the trademark intangible asset was not recoverable and we recorded an impairment charge of 21 million reducing the carrying value to zero. 
 
 During the fiscal 2023 second quarter, the Dr.Jart+ reporting unit experienced lower-than-expected growth within key geographic regions and channels that continue to be impacted by the spread of COVID-19 variants, resurgence in cases, and the potential future impacts relating to the uncertainty of the duration and severity of COVID-19 impacting the financial performance of the reporting unit. In addition, due to macro-economic factors, Dr.Jart+ has experienced lower-than-expected growth within key geographic regions. The Too Faced reporting unit experienced lower-than-expected results in key geographic regions and channels coupled with delays in future international expansion to areas that continue to be impacted by COVID-19. As a result, we revised the internal forecasts relating to our Dr.Jart+ and Too Faced reporting units. Additionally, there were increases in the weighted average cost of capital for both reporting units as compared to the prior year annual goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing as of April 1, 2022. 

33 

Table of Contents 

We concluded that the changes in circumstances in the reporting units, along with increases in the weighted average cost of capital, triggered the need for interim impairment reviews of their trademarks and goodwill. These changes in circumstances were also an indicator that the carrying amounts of Dr.Jart+ s and Too Faced s long-lived assets, including customer lists, may not be recoverable. Accordingly, we performed interim impairment tests for the trademarks and a recoverability test for the long-lived assets as of November 30, 2022. We concluded that the carrying value of the trademark intangible assets exceeded their estimated fair values, which were determined utilizing the relief-from-royalty method to determine discounted projected future cash flows and recorded an impairment charge of 100 million for Dr.Jart+ and 86 million for Too Faced. We concluded that the carrying amounts of the long-lived assets were recoverable. After adjusting the carrying values of the trademarks, we completed interim quantitative impairment tests for goodwill. As the estimated fair value of the Dr.Jart+ and Too Faced reporting units were in excess of their carrying values, we concluded that the carrying amounts of the goodwill were recoverable and did not record a goodwill impairment charge related to these reporting units. The fair values of these reporting units were based upon an equal weighting of the income and market approaches, utilizing estimated cash flows and a terminal value, discounted at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows, as well as valuation multiples derived from comparable publicly traded companies that are applied to operating performance of the reporting units. The significant assumptions used in these approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rates for trademarks. The most significant unobservable input used to estimate the fair values of the Dr.Jart+ and Too Faced trademark intangible assets was the weighted average cost of capital, which was 11 and 13 , respectively. 
 A summary of the trademark impairment charges for fiscal 2023 and the remaining carrying values as of June 30, 2023, for each reporting unit, are as follows: 
 Impairment Charges Carrying Value (In millions) Year Ended June 30, 2023 As of June 30, 2023 Reporting Unit Geographic Region Trademarks Goodwill Trademarks Goodwill Smashbox The Americas 21 Dr.Jart+ Asia/Pacific 100 325 304 Too Faced The Americas 86 186 13 Total 207 511 317 
 
 The impairment charges for fiscal 2023 were reflected in the skin care product category for Dr.Jart+ and the makeup product category for Smashbox and Too Faced. 
 
 Based on our annual goodwill impairment testing as of April 1, 2023, the fair values of all reporting units, which were determined based on qualitative or quantitative assessments, with material goodwill were substantially in excess of their respective carrying values. 
 Based on our annual other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing as of April 1, 2023, the estimated fair value of the Dr.Jart+ and Too Faced trademarks exceeded their carrying values by 12 and 14 , respectively. For the Dr.Jart+ and Too Faced trademarks, if all other assumptions are held constant, a decrease of 10 in the estimated future cash flows, inclusive of the terminal value, or an increase of 75 basis points for Dr.Jart+ and 100 basis points for Too Faced in the weighted average cost of capital, would have caused the carrying value of these trademarks to approximate their fair value. The key assumptions used to determine the estimated fair value of the reporting units and their respective trademarks are primarily predicated on the anticipated recovery from the impacts of COVID-19, the success of future new product launches, ability to secure strategic price increases, the achievement of distribution expansion plans, and the realization of cost reduction and other efficiency efforts. If such plans do not materialize, or if there are further challenges in the business environments in which the reporting unit operates, resulting changes in the key assumptions could have negative impacts on the estimated fair value of the reporting units, and their respective trademarks, and it is possible we could recognize additional impairment charges in the future. 
 
 For additional information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 
 Fiscal 2022 as Compared with Fiscal 2021 
 
 Except as disclosed herein, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 for the fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2021 comparative discussion. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2023 as Compared with Fiscal 2022 
 NET SALES 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Net sales 15,910 17,737 Change from prior year (1,827) 1,522 Change from prior year (10) 9 Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change from prior year in constant currency (7) 10 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 Reported net sales decreased in fiscal 2023, driven by lower net sales from the skin care and makeup product categories, slightly offset by higher net sales in the hair care product category. Fragrance net sales were virtually flat. 
 Reported net sales decreased in fiscal 2023, reflecting lower net sales from all geographic regions. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, our business was challenged by the slower than anticipated recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, including restrictions in mainland China and the rising number of COVID-19 cases earlier in the fiscal year. This impacted our business in Asia travel retail, including the tightening of inventory by certain of our retailers, as well as the low levels of conversion when travel resumed. This resulted in lower product shipments, compounded by the impact of retailers continuing to reduce inventory. In mainland China, the aforementioned restrictions earlier in the fiscal year negatively impacted our business, however, lower COVID-19 related restrictions in the second half of fiscal 2023, as compared to the second half of fiscal 2022, resulted in increased net sales in the second half of fiscal 2023. 
 The fiscal 2023 reported net sales decrease was impacted by approximately 629 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 Reported net sales decreased 10 in fiscal 2023, driven by the decrease from volume of 7 , the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 4 and the net impact from acquisitions, divestitures and brand closures of 1 . Partially offsetting these decreases was an increase from pricing of 1 , due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix. 
 Returns associated with restructuring and other activities are not allocated to our product categories or geographic regions because they result from activities that are deemed a Company-wide initiative to redesign, resize and reorganize select corporate functions and go-to-market structures. Accordingly, the following discussions of Net sales by Product Categories and Geographic Regions exclude the fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 impacts of returns associated with restructuring and other activities of approximately 27 million and 4 million, respectively. 

35 

Table of Contents 

Product Categories 
 Skin Care 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Net sales 8,202 9,886 Change from prior year (1,684) 402 Change from prior year (17) 4 Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change from prior year in constant currency (14) 4 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 Reported skin care net sales decreased in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower net sales from Est e Lauder, La Mer, Dr.Jart+, Clinique and Origins, combined, of approximately 1,830 million, that were mostly attributable to the aforementioned challenges in Asia travel retail. 
 
 Partially offsetting these decreases in skin care net sales in fiscal 2023 were higher net sales from The Ordinary and M A C, combined, of approximately 133 million. The increase in net sales from The Ordinary was driven by growth in every geographic region, reflecting success of hero products and new product launches. The increase in net sales from M A C was primarily driven by the fiscal 2023 launch of the Hyper Real line of products. 
 The skin care net sales decrease was impacted by approximately 337 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 Reported skin care net sales decreased 17 in fiscal 2023, driven by the decrease from volume of 13 and the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 3 . The impact from pricing was flat period-over-period, due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions offset by changes in mix. 
 
 Makeup 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Net sales 4,516 4,667 Change from prior year (151) 464 Change from prior year (3) 11 Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change from prior year in constant currency 12 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 Reported makeup net sales decreased in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower net sales from Est e Lauder, TOM FORD and La Mer, combined, of approximately 271 million, primarily reflecting the aforementioned challenges in Asia travel retail and mainland China, as well as the unfavorable impacts of foreign currency translation. 
 
 Partially offsetting these decreases in makeup net sales in fiscal 2023 was an increase in net sales from M A C and Clinique, combined, of approximately 114 million. The increase in net sales from M A C was driven by the recognition of previously deferred revenue due to changes to the BACK-To-M A C take back program, as well as growth in the face, lip, and eye subcategories. Net sales from Clinique increased, benefiting from solid performance in the lip, face and eye subcategories. 
 The makeup net sales decrease was impacted by approximately 166 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Reported makeup net sales decreased 3 in fiscal 2023, driven by the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 4 and the decrease from volume of 3 . Partially offsetting these decreases was an increase from pricing of 3 due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix. 
 
 Fragrance 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Net sales 2,512 2,508 Change from prior year 4 582 Change from prior year 30 Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change from prior year in constant currency 4 32 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 Reported fragrance net sales remained virtually flat in fiscal 2023, driven by higher net sales from Est e Lauder, Le Labo, TOM FORD, Clinique, and Kilian Paris, combined, of approximately 261 million. Net sales from Est e Lauder increased, reflecting a successful campaign for Beautiful Magnolia and successful performance during holiday and key shopping moments. Net sales from Le Labo increased, reflecting the continued success of hero product franchises, targeted expanded consumer reach, successful performance during holiday and key shopping moments and new product launches. The increase in net sales from TOM FORD reflected the continued success of Signature and Private Blend fragrances, expanded distribution, new product launches and successful performance during holiday and key shopping moments. Net sales from Clinique increased, primarily reflecting growth in the Clinique Happy franchise line of products. Net sales from Kilian Paris increased, reflecting new product launches and expanded distribution. 
 
 Offsetting these increases in fragrance net sales was the impact of the license terminations related to certain of our designer fragrances effective June 30, 2022 and lower net sales from Jo Malone London, combined, of approximately 261 million. The decrease in net sales from Jo Malone London primarily reflected the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. 
 
 Fragrance net sales was impacted by approximately 108 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 
 Reported fragrance net sales remained virtually flat in fiscal 2023, driven by the increase in volume of 10 and the increase from pricing of 4 , due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix. Offsetting these increases were the impact from the license terminations of certain of our designer fragrances of 9 and the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 4 . 
 
 Hair Care 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Net sales 653 631 Change from prior year 22 60 Change from prior year 3 11 Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change from prior year in constant currency 6 12 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 Reported hair care net sales increased in fiscal 2023, driven by higher net sales from The Ordinary due to the recent launch of hair care products. 
 The hair care net sales increase was impacted by approximately 16 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Reported hair care net sales increased 3 in fiscal 2023, driven by an increase from pricing of 5 , due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix, and the increase in volume of 1 . Partially offsetting these increases was the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 3 . 
 
 Geographic Regions 
 We strategically time our new product launches by geographic market, which may account for differences in regional sales growth. 
 
 The Americas 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Net sales 4,518 4,623 Change from prior year (105) 826 Change from prior year (2) 22 Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change from prior year in constant currency (3) 21 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 Reported net sales in The Americas decreased in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by a decrease in net sales in the United States of approximately 133 million, reflecting the slower than anticipated pace of our improvement at retail, the tightening of inventory from certain of our retailers in the first half of the fiscal year and the impact of the license terminations related to certain of our designer fragrances. Partially offsetting this decrease in The Americas in fiscal 2023 was an increase in net sales in Latin America of approximately 51 million, led by Brazil and Mexico, driven by growth in makeup, which reflected new product launches and successful performance during key shopping moments. 
 
 The net sales decrease in The Americas included approximately 11 million of favorable foreign currency translation. 
 
 Reported net sales in The Americas decreased 2 in fiscal 2023, driven by the decrease from volume of 4 and the net impact from acquisitions, divestitures and brand closures of 2 . Partially offsetting these decreases was an increase from pricing of 3 , due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix. 
 
 Europe, the Middle East Africa 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Net sales 6,225 7,681 Change from prior year (1,456) 735 Change from prior year (19) 11 Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change from prior year in constant currency (16) 12 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Reported net sales decreased in Europe, the Middle East Africa in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower net sales from our travel retail business, and to a significantly lesser extent, Russia and the United Kingdom, combined, of approximately 1,551 million. The decrease in net sales from our travel retail business reflects the aforementioned challenges in Asia travel retail. Net sales from Russia decreased in fiscal 2023, as we sold a limited selection of products to certain retailers, and completed the closure of all of our freestanding stores during the first half of fiscal 2023. The decrease in net sales from the United Kingdom in fiscal 2023 is driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by brick-and-mortar recovery, reflecting an increase in traffic, compared to the prior year. 
 Partially offsetting the decreases in net sales in Europe, the Middle East Africa in fiscal 2023 were increases in net sales from Turkey and India, combined, of approximately 55 million. The net sales increase in Turkey and India was driven by growth across all product categories. 
 The net sales decrease in Europe, the Middle East Africa included approximately 205 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 
 Reported net sales in Europe, the Middle East Africa decreased 19 in fiscal 2023, driven by the decrease from volume of 15 , the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 3 , a decrease from pricing of 1 , due to the unfavorable impact from changes in mix, partially offset by strategic pricing actions, and the impact from the license terminations of certain of our designer fragrances of 1 . 
 
 Asia/Pacific 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Net sales 5,194 5,437 Change from prior year (243) (49) Change from prior year (4) (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change from prior year in constant currency 4 (1) 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 Reported net sales decreased in Asia/Pacific in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency of 8 . The decrease in net sales, including the unfavorable impact of foreign currency, was primarily driven by mainland China and Korea, led by the Dr.Jart+ travel retail business in Korea, combined, of approximately 371 million. The decrease in net sales in mainland China reflects the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation as well as the aforementioned challenges in mainland China in the first half of the fiscal year. The decrease in net sales in our Dr.Jart+ travel retail business in Korea reflects the aforementioned challenges in Asia travel retail. 
 Partially offsetting the net sales decrease in Asia/Pacific in fiscal 2023 were increases in Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR and Southeast Asia, combined, of approximately 136 million, reflecting the continued COVID-19 recovery. Also contributing to the net sales increase in Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR were successful brand activations and new product launches. 
 The net sales decrease in Asia/Pacific included approximately 435 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 
 Reported net sales in Asia/Pacific decreased 4 in fiscal 2023, driven by the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 8 . Partially offsetting this decrease was an increase from pricing of 2 , due to the favorable impact from strategic pricing actions, partially offset by changes in mix, and the increase in volume of 1 . 

39 

Table of Contents 

GROSS MARGIN 
 Gross margin in fiscal 2023 decreased to 71.3 as compared with 75.7 in fiscal 2022. 
 Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 
 Favorable (Unfavorable) Basis Points 
 Mix of business (225) Obsolescence charges (100) Manufacturing costs and other (145) Foreign exchange transactions 30 Total (440) 
 
 The decrease in gross margin in fiscal 2023 reflected unfavorable impacts from changes in our mix of business, higher manufacturing costs and other, and higher obsolescence charges. The unfavorable impact from our mix of business is primarily driven by category mix, driven by the decrease in skin care net sales which typically have higher margins than other product categories, as well as higher costs associated with promotional items. Manufacturing costs and other increased, driven by higher expenses within our inventory deferrals recognized during the current year reflecting lower production volume due to lower demand and higher costs for freight and material commodities. The unfavorable impact from obsolescence charges is primarily due to excess inventory on hand and increased levels of inventory destruction and reserves driven by lower demand that resulted in lower product shipments. 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 
 Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in fiscal 2023 increased to 61.8 as compared with 57.9 in fiscal 2022. 
 Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 
 Favorable (Unfavorable) Basis Points 
 General and administrative expenses (80) Advertising, merchandising, sampling and product development (190) Selling (90) Shipping (40) Store operating costs (50) Stock-based compensation 30 Foreign exchange transactions 10 Subtotal (410) Charges associated with restructuring and other activities 50 Other intangible asset impairments 10 Changes in fair value of acquisition-related stock options (40) Total (390) 
 
 The unfavorable change in operating expense margin in fiscal 2023 reflected unfavorable impacts relating to advertising, merchandising, sampling and product development, selling expenses, general and administrative expenses, and shipping expenses, driven by the decrease in net sales. 
 
 Operating expenses in total decreased 425 million in fiscal 2023, at a slower pace as compared to the decrease in net sales, as we continued to invest in our business, particularly in advertising, merchandising sampling and product development, as well as in selling, while also decreasing certain expenses through disciplined expense management. Additionally, general and administrative expenses decreased in fiscal 2023, driven by lower employee incentive compensation. 

40 

Table of Contents 

OPERATING RESULTS 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Operating income 1,509 3,170 Change from prior year (1,661) 552 Change from prior year (52) 21 Operating Margin 9.5 17.9 Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of charges associated with restructuring and other activities, other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options (48) 14 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 The reported operating margin for fiscal 2023 decreased from the prior year, primarily driven by the decreases in net sales, gross margin and operating expense margin, discussed above. 
 Charges associated with restructuring and other activities are not allocated to our product categories or geographic regions because they are centrally directed and controlled, are not included in internal measures of product category or geographic region performance and result from activities that are deemed Company-wide initiatives to redesign, resize and reorganize select areas of the business. Accordingly, the following discussions of Operating income by Product Categories and Geographic Regions exclude the fiscal 2023 and 2022 impact of charges associated with restructuring and other activities of 85 million, or approximately 1 of net sales and 144 million, or approximately 1 of net sales, respectively. 
 Product Categories 
 Skin Care 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Operating income 1,204 2,753 Change from prior year (1,549) (283) Change from prior year (56) (9) Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options (55) (8) 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 

41 

Table of Contents 

Reported skin care operating income decreased in fiscal 2023 reflecting lower operating results from Est e Lauder, La Mer, Clinique and Origins, combined, of approximately 1,556 million, primarily driven by decreases in net sales, partially offset by disciplined advertising and promotional expense management, as well as an unfavorable year-over-year impact for the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options of 75 million relating to the fiscal 2021 increase in our investment in DECIEM. Also contributing to the decrease in skin care operating income from Est e Lauder, La Mer and Clinique was a higher cost of sales. The increase in cost of sales from Est e Lauder was due in part to higher manufacturing costs and obsolescence charges. The increase in cost of sales from La Mer was due in part to higher manufacturing costs and the increase in cost of sales from Clinique was due in part to higher costs for promotional items. The decrease in operating income from Origins was also partially offset by a lower cost of sales due to the net sales decrease and lower selling expenses due to the closure of freestanding stores during fiscal 2023. 
 
 Partially offsetting the decrease in skin care operating income in fiscal 2023 was the favorable year-over-year impact of other intangible asset impairments related to Dr.Jart+ and GLAMGLOW of 141 million, combined, and lower employee incentive compensation compared to the prior year. 
 Makeup 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Operating income (loss) (22) 133 Change from prior year (155) 517 (100+) 100+ Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options (35) 100+ 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 Reported makeup operating income decreased in fiscal 2023, reflecting lower results from Est e Lauder, TOM FORD and La Mer, combined, of approximately 191 million, primarily driven by a decrease in net sales, as well as the fiscal 2023 second quarter other intangible asset impairments related to Too Faced and Smashbox of 107 million, combined. The decrease in operating income from TOM FORD also reflected a higher cost of sales, due in part to higher manufacturing costs and higher obsolescence charges. Also contributing to the decrease in operating income from La Mer was higher advertising and promotional activities, partially offset by a lower cost of sales due to lower net sales compared to the prior year. Partially offsetting the decrease in operating income from Est e Lauder was disciplined advertising and promotional expense management. 
 
 Partially offsetting the decrease in makeup operating income in fiscal 2023 were higher results from M A C, primarily driven by the recognition of previously deferred revenue due to changes to the BACK-To-M A C take back program and lower store operating costs, partially offset by an increase in cost of sales, as well as lower employee incentive compensation compared to the prior year. 
 Fragrance 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Operating income 440 456 Change from prior year (16) 241 Change from prior year (4) 100+ 

42 

Table of Contents 

Reported fragrance operating income decreased in fiscal 2023, reflecting lower results from Jo Malone London and the impact of license terminations related to certain of our designer fragrances effective June 30, 2022, combined, of approximately 98 million. The lower results from Jo Malone London were driven by a decrease in net sales, higher cost of sales, due, in part, to an increase in promotional items, and higher selling expenses due to increased staffing costs compared to the prior year. 
 
 Partially offsetting the decrease in fragrance operating income were higher results from Est e Lauder and Le Labo, combined, of approximately 83 million, driven by increases in net sales. Also contributing to the increase in operating income from Est e Lauder was disciplined advertising and promotional expense management, partially offset by a higher cost of sales. Partially offsetting the increase in operating income from Le Labo was higher advertising and promotional activities, higher selling expenses due to increased staffing costs compared to the prior year and higher store operating costs. Also partially offsetting the decrease in fragrance operating income was lower employee incentive compensation compared to the prior year. 
 
 Hair Care Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Operating loss (34) (28) Change from prior year (6) (9) Change from prior year (21) (47) 
 Reported hair care operating results decreased in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower results from Aveda and Bumble and bumble, combined, of approximately 53 million. The lower results from Aveda reflected a higher cost of sales, higher advertising and promotional activities to support the brand's expansion into mainland China during fiscal 2023 and key shopping moments and a decrease in net sales. Operating results from Bumble and bumble decreased, primarily driven by higher cost of sales. 
 
 Partially offsetting the decrease in hair care operating income was lower employee incentive compensation compared to the prior year. 
 
 Geographic Regions 
 The Americas 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Operating income (73) 1,159 Change from prior year (1,232) 641 Change from prior year (100+) 100+ Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options (95) 60 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 Reported operating results decreased in The Americas in fiscal 2023, primarily reflecting lower operating results from North America of approximately 1,226 million. The decrease in operating results in North America was primarily driven by the United States, reflecting lower intercompany royalty income of 670 million compared to the prior year, driven by a decrease in net sales in our travel retail business, higher cost of sales driven by higher manufacturing costs and obsolescence charges, a decrease in net sales, and the unfavorable year-over-year impact of other intangible asset impairments of 96 million. Also contributing to the decrease in operating income in North America was the unfavorable year-over-year impact of the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options of 77 million relating to the fiscal 2021 increase in our investment in DECIEM. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Europe, the Middle East Africa Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Operating income 843 1,360 Change from prior year (517) 25 Change from prior year (38) 2 
 Reported operating income decreased in Europe, the Middle East Africa in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by lower results from our travel retail business, primarily driven by the decrease in net sales, partially offset by the associated decrease in intercompany royalty expense to The Americas of 670 million. 
 
 Asia/Pacific 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 As Reported: Operating income 824 795 Change from prior year 29 (198) Change from prior year 4 (20) Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change in operating income from the prior year adjusting for the impact of other intangible asset impairments (10) 3 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 47 for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 Reported operating income increased in Asia/Pacific in fiscal 2023, primarily reflecting a favorable year-over-year impact of other intangible asset impairments of 130 million and higher results from Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR and Southeast Asia, combined of approximately 67 million, primarily driven by an increase in net sales, partially offset by a higher cost of sales. 
 Partially offsetting the increase in operating income in Asia/Pacific in fiscal 2023 were lower operating results in mainland China, Korea and Japan, combined, of approximately 149 million. The lower operating results in mainland China were driven by a decrease in net sales and an increase in cost of sales reflecting higher obsolescence charges and an increase in promotional items, partially offset by disciplined advertising and promotional expense management and lower selling costs compared to the prior year. Operating income in Korea decreased, led by Dr.Jart+, due to decreases in net sales, partially offset by lower selling expenses and cost of sales. Operating income in Japan decreased, driven by the decrease in net sales, partially offset by lower selling expenses. 
 INTEREST AND INVESTMENT INCOME 
 Year Ended June 30 (In millions) 2023 2022 Interest expense 255 167 Interest income and investment income, net 131 30 
 Interest expense increased in fiscal 2023, primarily reflecting a higher debt balance, due in part to the financing of our acquisition of the TOM FORD brand, including the issuance of commercial paper primarily in the second half of fiscal 2023, and the issuance of Senior Notes in May 2023 and higher interest rates compared to the prior year. Interest income and investment income, net increased, primarily reflecting higher interest rates compared to the prior year. 

44 

Table of Contents 

OTHER INCOME, NET 
 On May 18, 2021, we acquired additional shares in DECIEM, a Toronto-based skin care company, for 1,092 million in cash, including proceeds from the issuance of debt. DECIEM is a multi-brand beauty company with a brand portfolio that includes The Ordinary and NIOD. We originally acquired a minority interest in DECIEM in June 2017. The minority interest was accounted for as an equity method investment, which had a carrying value of 65 million at the acquisition date. The acquisition of additional shares increased our fully diluted equity interest from approximately 29 to approximately 76 and was considered a step acquisition. On a fully diluted basis, the DECIEM stock options approximated 4 of the total capital structure. Accordingly, for purposes of determining the consideration transferred, we excluded the DECIEM stock options, which resulted in an increase in our post-acquisition undiluted equity interest from approximately 30 to approximately 78 and the post-acquisition undiluted equity interest of the remaining noncontrolling interest holders of approximately 22 . We remeasured the previously held equity method investment to its fair value of 913 million, resulting in the recognition of a gain of 848 million. The gain on our previously held equity method investment is included in Other income, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended June 30, 2021. As part of the increase in our investment, we were granted the right to purchase ("Call Option"), and granted the remaining investors a right to sell to us ("Put Option"), the remaining interests after a three-year period, with a purchase price based on the future performance of DECIEM (the "net Put (Call) Option"). As a result of this redemption feature, we recorded redeemable noncontrolling interest, at its acquisition date fair value, that is classified as mezzanine equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2021. The accounting for the DECIEM business combination was finalized during the fiscal 2022 third quarter. 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 5 Business and Asset Acquisitions for additional information. 
 PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 The provision for income taxes represents U.S. federal, foreign, state and local income taxes. The effective rate differs from the federal statutory rate primarily due to the effect of state and local income taxes, the tax impact of share-based compensation, the taxation of foreign income and income tax reserve adjustments, which represent changes in our net liability for unrecognized tax benefits including tax settlements and lapses of the applicable statutes of limitations. Our effective tax rate will change from year-to-year based on recurring and non-recurring factors including the geographical mix of earnings, enacted tax legislation, state and local income taxes, tax reserve adjustments, the tax impact of share-based compensation, the interaction of various global tax strategies and the impact from certain acquisitions. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA included broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code that impacted our accounting and reporting for income taxes. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 9 Income Taxes for further discussion relating to the TCJA. 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 2022 Earnings before income taxes: 1,397 3,036 As Reported: Effective rate for income taxes 27.7 20.7 Basis-point change from prior year 700 700 Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Effective rate for income taxes 26.5 21.3 
 (1) Excludes the net impact on the effective tax rates of charges associated with restructuring and other activities, other intangible asset impairments and changes in the fair value of acquisition-related stock options. 
 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 increased approximately 700 basis points. The increase was primarily attributable to a higher effective tax rate on the Company's foreign operations of approximately 720 basis points, due to the Company's geographical mix of earnings for fiscal 2023. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

NET EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 Year Ended June 30 in millions, except per share data) 2023 2022 As Reported: Net earnings attributable to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. 1,006 2,390 Change from prior year (1,384) (480) Change from prior year (58) (17) Diluted net earnings per common share 2.79 6.55 Change from prior year (57) (16) Non-GAAP Financial Measure (1) : 
 Change in diluted net earnings per common share from the prior year adjusting for the impact of charges associated with restructuring and other activities, other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options (52) 12 
 (1) See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

RECONCILIATIONS OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 We use certain non-GAAP financial measures, among other financial measures, to evaluate our operating performance, which represent the manner in which we conduct and view our business. Management believes that excluding certain items that are not comparable from period to period, or do not reflect the Company s underlying ongoing business, provides transparency for such items and helps investors and others compare and analyze our operating performance from period to period. In the future, we expect to incur charges or adjustments similar in nature to those presented below; however, the impact to the Company s results in a given period may be highly variable and difficult to predict. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by, or determined in a manner consistent with, other companies. While we consider the non-GAAP measures useful in analyzing our results, they are not intended to replace, or act as a substitute for, any presentation included in the consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The following tables present Net sales, Operating income and Diluted net earnings per common share adjusted to exclude the impact of charges associated with restructuring and other activities; other intangible asset impairments; the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options; and the effects of foreign currency translation. The following tables provide reconciliations between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 Year Ended June 30 Change Change in Constant Currency in millions, except per share data) 2023 2022 Variance Net sales, as reported 15,910 17,737 (1,827) (10) (7) Returns associated with restructuring and other activities 27 4 23 Net sales, as adjusted 15,937 17,741 (1,804) (10) (7) Operating income, as reported 1,509 3,170 (1,661) (52) (49) Charges associated with restructuring and other activities 85 144 (59) Other intangible asset impairments 207 241 (34) Change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options 22 (55) 77 Operating income, as adjusted 1,823 3,500 (1,677) (48) (44) Diluted net earnings per common share, as reported 2.79 6.55 (3.76) (57) (54) Charges associated with restructuring and other activities .18 .31 (.13) Other intangible asset impairments .44 .50 (.06) Change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options (less portion attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) .05 (.12) .17 Diluted net earnings per common share, as adjusted 3.46 7.24 (3.78) (52) (49) 
 
 As diluted net earnings per common share, as adjusted, is used as a measure of the Company s performance, we consider the impact of current and deferred income taxes when calculating the per-share impact of each of the reconciling items. 

47 

Table of Contents 

The following table reconciles the change in net sales by product category and geographic region, as reported, to the change in net sales excluding the effects of foreign currency translation: 
 As Reported Year Ended June 30 in millions) 
 2023 
 2022 
 Variance Impact of foreign currency translation Variance, in constant currency Change, as reported Change, in constant currency By Product Category: Skin Care 8,202 9,886 (1,684) 337 (1,347) (17) (14) Makeup 4,516 4,667 (151) 166 15 (3) Fragrance 2,512 2,508 4 108 112 4 Hair Care 653 631 22 16 38 3 6 Other 54 49 5 2 7 10 14 15,937 17,741 (1,804) 629 (1,175) (10) (7) Returns associated with restructuring and other activities (27) (4) (23) (23) Total 15,910 17,737 (1,827) 629 (1,198) (10) (7) By Region: The Americas 4,518 4,623 (105) (11) (116) (2) (3) Europe, the Middle East Africa 6,225 7,681 (1,456) 205 (1,251) (19) (16) Asia/Pacific 5,194 5,437 (243) 435 192 (4) 4 15,937 17,741 (1,804) 629 (1,175) (10) (7) Returns associated with restructuring and other activities (27) (4) (23) (23) Total 15,910 17,737 (1,827) 629 (1,198) (10) (7) 
 48 

Table of Contents 

The following tables reconcile the change in operating results by product category and geographic region, as reported, to the change in operating income excluding the impact of other intangible asset impairments and the change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options: As Reported Add: Changes in Other intangible asset impairments Add: Change in fair value of acquisition-related stock options Variance, as adjusted Change, as reported Change, as adjusted Year Ended June 30 in millions) 2023 
 2022 
 Variance By Product Category: Skin Care 1,204 2,753 (1,549) (141) 75 (1,615) (56) (55) Makeup (22) 133 (155) 107 2 (46) (100+) (35) Fragrance 440 456 (16) (16) (4) (4) Hair Care (34) (28) (6) (6) (21) (21) Other 6 6 6 100 100 1,594 3,314 (1,720) (34) 77 (1,677) (52) (48) Charges associated with restructuring and other activities (85) (144) Total 1,509 3,170 By Region: The Americas (73) 1,159 (1,232) 96 77 (1,059) (100+) (95) Europe, the Middle East Africa 843 1,360 (517) (517) (38) (38) Asia/Pacific 824 795 29 (130) (101) 4 (10) 1,594 3,314 (1,720) (34) 77 (1,677) (52) (48) Charges associated with restructuring and other activities (85) (144) Total 1,509 3,170 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Overview 
 Our principal sources of funds historically have been cash flows from operations, borrowings pursuant to our commercial paper program, borrowings from the issuance of long-term debt and committed and uncommitted credit lines provided by banks and other lenders in the United States and abroad. At June 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 4,029 million compared with 3,957 million at June 30, 2022. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained at a number of financial institutions. To mitigate the risk of uninsured balances, we select financial institutions based on their credit ratings and financial strength, and we perform ongoing evaluations of these institutions to limit our concentration risk exposure. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we temporarily reduced our holdings of bank deposits and increased our allocation of government money market funds, due to stresses in the global banking system. 
 
 Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that cash on hand, cash generated from operations, available credit lines and access to credit markets will be adequate to support seasonal working capital needs, currently planned business operations, information technology enhancements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, stock repurchases, restructuring initiatives, commitments and other contractual obligations on both a near-term and long-term basis. 
 
 The TCJA resulted in the Transition Tax on unrepatriated earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and changed the tax law in ways that present opportunities to repatriate cash without additional U.S. federal income tax. As a result, we changed our indefinite reinvestment assertion related to certain foreign earnings. As explained in further detail in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 9 Income Taxes , during the fiscal 2023 fourth quarter, we changed our assertion regarding our ability and intent to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries. We continue to analyze the indefinite reinvestment assertion on our remaining applicable foreign earnings. We do not believe that continuing to reinvest these remaining applicable foreign earnings impairs our ability to meet our domestic debt or working capital obligations. If these reinvested earnings were repatriated into the United States as dividends, we would be subject to state income taxes and applicable foreign taxes in certain jurisdictions. 
 
 Inflation impacted our operating results during fiscal 2023 and we expect it to continue. Generally, we have plans to introduce new products at higher prices, increase prices and implement other operating efficiencies which we expect to offset some of these cost increases. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 Changes in our credit ratings will likely result in changes in our borrowing costs. Our credit ratings also impact the cost of our revolving credit facility. Downgrades in our credit ratings may reduce our ability to issue commercial paper and/or long-term debt and would likely increase the relative costs of borrowing. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities, is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. As of August 11, 2023, our long-term debt is rated A+ with a negative outlook by Standard Poor s and A1 with a stable outlook by Moody s. 
 Debt and Access to Liquidity 
 Total debt as a percent of total capitalization (excluding noncontrolling interests) increased to 59 at June 30, 2023 from 49 at June 30, 2022, primarily due to the increase in total debt, reflecting the financing of our acquisition of the TOM FORD brand, including the issuance of commercial paper primarily in the second half of fiscal 2023, and the issuance of Senior Notes in May 2023. 
 For further information regarding our current and long-term debt and available financing, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11 Debt . 
 Cash Flows 
 Year Ended June 30 (In millions) 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,731 3,040 Net cash used for investing activities (3,217) (945) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 1,590 (3,036) 

50 

Table of Contents 

The change in net cash flows provided by operating activities primarily reflected lower earnings before tax, excluding non-cash items, partially offset by the favorable change in working capital, reflecting a favorable change in inventory and promotional merchandise and accounts receivable, partially offset by lower accounts payable due to timing of payments and lower other accrued and noncurrent liabilities, which includes the settlement of net investment hedges. 
 
 The change in net cash flows used for investing activities was primarily driven by cash paid in connection with the acquisition of the TOM FORD brand during the fiscal 2023 fourth quarter and also reflects a favorable impact from the settlement of net investment hedges, which is offset by the unfavorable change in other accrued liabilities as discussed above. 
 The change in net cash flows provided by (used for) financing activities primarily reflected lower treasury stock purchases compared to the prior year, an increase in debt due to the issuance of Senior Notes in May 2023 and the issuance of commercial paper in the second half of fiscal 2023, due in part to finance our acquisition of the TOM FORD brand, partially offset by an increase in repayments of long-term debt. 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 for the fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2021 comparative discussions. 
 
 Dividends 
 For a summary of quarterly cash dividends declared per share on our Class A and Class B Common Stock during the year ended June 30, 2023 and through August 11, 2023, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 17 Common Stock . 
 Pension and Post-retirement Plan Funding 
 Several factors influence the annual funding requirements for our pension plans. For our domestic trust-based noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plan U.S. Qualified Plan ), we seek to maintain appropriate funded percentages. For any future contributions to the U.S. Qualified Plan, we would seek to contribute an amount or amounts that would not be less than the minimum required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, ERISA and subsequent pension legislation, and would not be more than the maximum amount deductible for income tax purposes. For each international plan, our funding policies are determined by local laws and regulations. In addition, amounts necessary to fund future obligations under these plans could vary depending on estimated assumptions . The effect of our pension plan funding on future operating results will depend on economic conditions, employee demographics, mortality rates, the number of participants electing to take lump-sum distributions, investment performance and funding decisions. 
 For the U.S. Qualified Plan, we maintain an investment strategy of matching the duration of a substantial portion of the plan assets with the duration of the underlying plan liabilities. This strategy assists us in maintaining our overall funded ratio. For fiscal 2023 and 2022, we met or exceeded all contribution requirements under ERISA regulations for the U.S. Qualified Plan. We expect to make a 50 million discretionary contribution to the U.S. Qualified Plan in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. As we continue to monitor the funded status, we may decide to make additional cash contributions to the U.S. Qualified Plan or our post-retirement medical plan in the United States during fiscal 2024. 
 The following table summarizes actual and expected benefit payments and contributions for our other pension and post-retirement plans: 
 Year Ended June 30 (In millions) Expected 2024 
 2023 2022 Non-qualified domestic noncontributory pension plan benefit payments 22 14 18 International defined benefit pension plan contributions 28 35 38 Post-retirement plan benefit payments 11 13 11 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 For a discussion of our contingencies, see to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies (Contractual Obligations) . 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations 
 For a discussion of our contractual obligations, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies (Contractual Obligations) . 
 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 For a discussion of our derivative financial instruments and hedging activities, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12 Derivative Financial Instruments . 
 Foreign Exchange Risk Management 
 For a discussion of foreign exchange risk management, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12 Derivative Financial Instruments (Cash Flow Hedges, Net Investment Hedges) . 
 Credit Risk 
 For a discussion of credit risk, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12 Derivative Financial Instruments (Credit Risk) . 
 Market Risk 
 We address certain financial exposures through a controlled program of market risk management that includes the use of foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates and to mitigate the change in fair value of specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. To perform a sensitivity analysis of our foreign currency forward contracts, we assess the change in fair values from the impact of hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates. A hypothetical 10 weakening of the U.S. dollar against the foreign exchange rates for the currencies in our portfolio would have resulted in a net decrease in the fair value of our portfolio of approximately 265 million and 259 million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This potential change does not consider our underlying foreign currency exposures. 
 We also enter into cross-currency swap contracts to hedge the impact of foreign currency changes on certain intercompany foreign currency denominated debt. A hypothetical 10 weakening of the U.S. dollar against the foreign exchange rates for the currencies in our cross-currency swap contracts would have resulted in a net decrease in the fair value of our cross-currency swap contracts of approximately 49 million as of June 30, 2023. 
 In addition, we enter into interest rate derivatives to manage the effects of interest rate movements on our aggregate liability portfolio, including future debt issuances. Based on a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates, the estimated fair value of our interest rate derivatives would decrease by approximately 55 million and 41 million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Our sensitivity analysis represents an estimate of reasonably possible net losses that would be recognized on our portfolio of derivative financial instruments assuming hypothetical movements in future market rates and is not necessarily indicative of actual results, which may or may not occur. It does not represent the maximum possible loss or any expected loss that may occur, since actual future gains and losses will differ from those estimated, based upon actual fluctuations in market rates, operating exposures, and the timing thereof, and changes in our portfolio of derivative financial instruments during the year. We believe, however, that any such loss incurred would be offset by the effects of market rate movements on the respective underlying transactions for which the derivative financial instrument was intended. 
 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 
 We do not maintain any off-balance sheet arrangements, transactions, obligations or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that would be expected to have a material current or future effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 Refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for discussion regarding the impact of accounting standards that were recently issued but not yet effective, on our consolidated financial statements. 

52 

Table of Contents 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition at June 30, 2023 and our results of operations for the three fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses reported in those financial statements. These estimates and assumptions can be subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. We consider accounting estimates to be critical if both (i) the nature of the estimate or assumption is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment involved, and (ii) the impact within a reasonable range of outcomes of the estimate and assumption is material to the Company s financial condition. Our critical accounting policies relate to Goodwill and Other Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets - Impairment Assessment, Income Taxes, and Asset Acquisition. 
 
 Management of the Company has discussed the selection of critical accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. 
 Goodwill and Other Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets Impairment Assessment 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the cost of purchased businesses over the fair value of their underlying net assets. Other indefinite-lived intangible assets principally consist of trademarks. Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized. 
 
 When testing goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, we have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. If necessary, we can perform a single step quantitative goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and record an impairment charge for the amount that the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, up to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 
 For fiscal 2023, we elected to perform the qualitative assessment for the goodwill in certain of our reporting units and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. This qualitative assessment included the review of certain macroeconomic factors and entity-specific qualitative factors to determine if it was more-likely-than-not that the fair values of its reporting units were below carrying value. We considered macroeconomic factors including the global economic growth, general macroeconomic trends for the markets in which the reporting units operate and the intangible assets are employed, and the growth of the global prestige beauty industry. In addition to these macroeconomic factors, among other things, we considered the reporting units current results and forecasts, any changes in the nature of the business, any significant legal, regulatory, contractual, political or other business climate factors, changes in the industry/competitive environment, changes in the composition or carrying amount of net assets and its intention to sell or dispose of a reporting unit or cease the use of a trademark. 
 
 For fiscal 2023, a quantitative assessment was performed for the goodwill in certain of our reporting units and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. We engaged third-party valuation specialists and used industry accepted valuation models and criteria that were reviewed and approved by various levels of management. To determine the estimated fair value of the reporting units, we used an equal weighting of the income and market approaches. Under the income approach, we determined fair value using a discounted cash flow method, projecting future cash flows of each reporting unit, as well as a terminal value, and discounting such cash flows at a rate of return that reflected the relative risk of the cash flows. Under the market approach, we utilized market multiples from publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit. The significant assumptions used in these two approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal value, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and comparable market multiples. To determine the estimated fair value of other indefinite-lived intangible assets, we used an income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method. This method assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to obtain the rights to use the comparable asset. The significant assumptions used in this approach include revenue growth rates, terminal value, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rate. 

53 

Table of Contents 

For fiscal 2022, we elected to perform the quantitative assessment for the goodwill in each of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. We engaged a third-party valuation specialist and used industry accepted valuation models and criteria that were reviewed and approved by various levels of management. To determine the estimated fair value of the reporting units, we used an equal weighting of the income and market approaches. Under the income approach, we determined fair value using a discounted cash flow method, projecting future cash flows of each reporting unit, as well as a terminal value, and discounting such cash flows at a rate of return that reflected the relative risk of the cash flows. Under the market approach, we utilized market multiples from publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit. The significant assumptions used in these two approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal value, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and comparable market multiples. To determine the estimated fair value of other indefinite-lived intangible assets, we used an income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method. This method assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to obtain the rights to use the comparable asset. The significant assumptions used in this approach include revenue growth rates, terminal value, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rate. 
 
 For further discussion of the methods used and factors considered in our estimates as part of the impairment testing for Goodwill and Other Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . 
 
 Income Taxes 
 We calculate and provide for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. As the application of various tax laws relevant to our global business is often uncertain, significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. The provision for income taxes includes the amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, net operating losses, tax credit and other carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates when the assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We regularly review deferred tax assets for realizability and establish valuation allowances based on available evidence including historical operating losses, projected future taxable income, expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences, and appropriate tax planning strategies. If our assessment of the realizability of a deferred tax asset changes, an increase to a valuation allowance will result in a reduction of net earnings at that time, while the reduction of a valuation allowance will result in an increase of net earnings at that time. 
 
 We provide tax reserves for U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax exposures relating to periods subject to audit. The development of reserves for these exposures requires judgments about tax issues, potential outcomes and timing, and is a subjective critical estimate. We assess our tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management s evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting dates. For those tax positions where it is more-likely-than-not that a tax benefit will be sustained, we have recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon settlement with a tax authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those tax positions where it is more-likely-than-not that a tax benefit will not be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. We classify applicable interest and penalties as a component of the provision for income taxes. Although the outcome relating to these exposures is uncertain, in our opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for estimable potential liabilities emanating from these exposures. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates, they could have a material impact on our consolidated net earnings. 
 
 For further discussion of Income Taxes, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 9 Income Taxes . 
 
 Asset Acquisition 
 We recognize assets acquired in an asset acquisition based on the cost to the Company on a relative fair value basis, which includes transaction costs in addition to consideration transferred and liabilities assumed or issued as part of the transaction. Neither goodwill nor bargain purchase gains are recognized in an asset acquisition; any excess of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired, or the opposite, is allocated to qualifying assets based on their relative fair values. The determination of fair value, as well as the expected useful lives of certain assets acquired, requires management to make judgments and may involve the use of significant estimates, including assumptions with respect to estimated future cash flows and discount rates, among other things. Management estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

During fiscal 2023, we acquired 100 of the equity interests in 001 Del LLC 001 in exchange for 2,550 million in consideration (the TOM FORD Acquisition ). The TOM FORD Acquisition has been accounted for as an asset acquisition as the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in the value of the TOM FORD trademark intangible asset. The acquisition of 001 included existing license relationships for certain uses of the brand name, which were modified, terminated or otherwise renegotiated in connection with the transaction. 
 
 The total cost of the asset acquisition is 2,578 million and was allocated to the TOM FORD trademark. We engaged a third-party valuation specialist and used an income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method, to determine the fair value of the TOM FORD trademark. This method assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to obtain the rights to use the comparable asset. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value were revenue growth rates, terminal value, beauty royalty savings, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rates. 
 
 For further discussion of Business Combinations and Asset Acquisitions, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 5 Business and Asset Acquisitions and Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 We and our representatives from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including in this and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in our press releases and in our reports to stockholders, which may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may address our expectations regarding sales, earnings or other future financial performance and liquidity, other performance measures, product introductions, entry into new geographic regions, information technology initiatives, new methods of sale, our long-term strategy, restructuring and other charges and resulting cost savings, and future operations or operating results. These statements may contain words like expect, will, will likely result, would, believe, estimate, planned, plans, intends, may, should, could, anticipate, estimate, project, projected, forecast, and forecasted or similar expressions. Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business and operations, actual results may differ materially from our expectations. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations include, without limitation: 
 (1) increased competitive activity from companies in the skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care businesses; 
 (2) our ability to develop, produce and market new products on which future operating results may depend and to successfully address challenges in our business; 
 (3) consolidations, restructurings, bankruptcies and reorganizations in the retail industry causing a decrease in the number of stores that sell our products, an increase in the ownership concentration within the retail industry, ownership of retailers by our competitors or ownership of competitors by our customers that are retailers and our inability to collect receivables; 
 (4) destocking and tighter working capital management by retailers; 
 (5) the success, or changes in timing or scope, of new product launches and the success, or changes in timing or scope, of advertising, sampling and merchandising programs; 
 (6) shifts in the preferences of consumers as to where and how they shop; 
 (7) social, political and economic risks to our foreign or domestic manufacturing, distribution and retail operations, including changes in foreign investment and trade policies and regulations of the host countries and of the United States; 
 (8) changes in the laws, regulations and policies (including the interpretations and enforcement thereof) that affect, or will affect, our business, including those relating to our products or distribution networks, changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations, environmental or climate change laws, regulations or accords, trade rules and customs regulations, and the outcome and expense of legal or regulatory proceedings, and any action we may take as a result; 
 (9) foreign currency fluctuations affecting our results of operations and the value of our foreign assets, the relative prices at which we and our foreign competitors sell products in the same markets and our operating and manufacturing costs outside of the United States; 
 55 

Table of Contents 

(10) changes in global or local conditions, including those due to volatility in the global credit and equity markets, natural or man-made disasters, real or perceived epidemics, supply chain challenges, inflation, or increased energy costs, that could affect consumer purchasing, the willingness or ability of consumers to travel and/or purchase our products while traveling, the financial strength of our customers, suppliers or other contract counterparties, our operations, the cost and availability of capital which we may need for new equipment, facilities or acquisitions, the returns that we are able to generate on our pension assets and the resulting impact on funding obligations, the cost and availability of raw materials and the assumptions underlying our critical accounting estimates; 
 (11) impacts attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic, including disruptions to our global business; 
 (12) shipment delays, commodity pricing, depletion of inventory and increased production costs resulting from disruptions of operations at any of the facilities that manufacture our products or at our distribution or inventory centers, including disruptions that may be caused by the implementation of information technology initiatives, or by restructurings; 
 (13) real estate rates and availability, which may affect our ability to increase or maintain the number of retail locations at which we sell our products and the costs associated with our other facilities; 
 (14) changes in product mix to products which are less profitable; 
 (15) our ability to acquire, develop or implement new information technology, including operational technology and websites, on a timely basis and within our cost estimates; to maintain continuous operations of our new and existing information technology; and to secure the data and other information that may be stored in such technologies or other systems or media; 
 (16) our ability to capitalize on opportunities for improved efficiency, such as publicly-announced strategies and restructuring and cost-savings initiatives, and to integrate acquired businesses and realize value therefrom; 
 (17) consequences attributable to local or international conflicts around the world, as well as from any terrorist action, retaliation and the threat of further action or retaliation; 
 (18) the timing and impact of acquisitions, investments and divestitures; and 
 (19) additional factors as described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 
 We assume no responsibility to update forward-looking statements made herein or otherwise. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 The information required by this item is set forth in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Liquidity and Capital Resources Market Risk and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The information required by this item appears beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

56 

Table of Contents 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, with assistance from other members of management, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, and, based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 As part of our review of internal control over financial reporting, we make changes to systems and processes to improve such controls and increase efficiencies, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting and the report of independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting are incorporated herein from pages F-2 and F-3, respectively. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Trading Arrangements 
 
 During the fiscal 2023 fourth quarter, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, each as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 
 We are reporting the following information regarding our Executive Annual Incentive Plan in this Item 9B in lieu of filing such information on a Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 5.02(e) Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensation Arrangements of Certain Officers. 
 
 On August 14, 2023, the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company adopted a new executive annual incentive plan, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Commencing for the Company s fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, the Plan replaces the executive annual incentive plan adopted by the Compensation Committee on August 21, 2013 (the 2013 Plan ), which the Company will cease using. 
 
 The principal purposes of the Plan are to provide incentives and rewards to the executive officers of the Company and to assist the Company in motivating them to achieve the Company s annual performance goals. The Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee or such other committee as may be appointed by the Board (the Committee ). The Committee, in its discretion, may grant opportunities to executive officers for each fiscal year of the Company as it shall determine. For purposes of the Plan, executive officers means those persons who are denoted as such from time to time by the Company in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or those persons as determined by the Board from time to time. 
 
 Under the Plan, each participant is granted an annual opportunity for a payment if performance targets are achieved. Performance targets are based on the nature of the participant s role and amount of time in that role, achievement of hurdle rates, and targets and/or growth in one or more business criteria that apply to the individual participant, one or more business units or the Company as a whole. The business criteria may include, individually or in combination: (i) net earnings; (ii) earnings per share; (iii) net sales; (iv) market share; (v) net operating profit; (vi) expense control; (vii) return on invested capital; (viii) operating margin; (ix) return on equity; (x) return on assets; (xi) planning accuracy (as measured by comparing planned results to actual results); (xii) gross margin; (xiii) market price per share; (xiv) total return to stockholders; (xv) ESG measures; and (xvi) any other measure determined by the Committee. In addition, the annual performance targets may include comparisons to performance at other companies, such performance to be measured by one or more of the foregoing business criteria. Furthermore, the measurement of performance against targets may exclude or adjust for the impact of certain events or occurrences as set forth in the Plan. 

57 

Table of Contents 

In no event may a participant receive more than 10 million under the Plan on account of any fiscal year. Payouts pursuant to opportunities granted under the Plan occur following approval by the Committee of achievement. Payouts are in cash (unless otherwise determined by the Committee) as soon as practicable following approval by the Committee, but not later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the applicable fiscal year ends. The Committee may determine that the payout of an opportunity or a portion of an opportunity shall be deferred and may also allow voluntary deferrals in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ). In the event a participant s employment is terminated prior to the payout of an opportunity previously granted, the Plan provides for payment under certain circumstances as specified in the Plan. Payouts are subject to repayment by a participant to the Company in accordance with the Company s recoupment, recovery or clawback policy or policies in effect from time to time. 
 
 The Plan is subject to amendment or termination at any time by the Committee but no such action may adversely affect any rights or obligations with respect to any opportunities previously granted under the Plan. 
 
 The foregoing brief description of the terms and conditions of the Plan is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5a hereto, and is incorporated into this Item by reference. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item, not already provided herein under Item 1. Business Information about our Executive Officers, will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item, not already provided under Equity Compensation Plan Information as set forth below, will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes the equity compensation plans under which our securities may be issued as of June 30, 2023 and does not include grants made or cancelled and options exercised after such date. The securities that may be issued consist solely of shares of our Class A Common Stock and all plans were approved by stockholders of the Company. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information as of June 30, 2023 
 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (3) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 (excluding securities reflected in the first column) (4) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 10,351,905 184.41 10,114,324 
 
 (1) Includes the Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (the 2002 Plan and the Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (the Director Plan ). 
 (2) Consists of 7,497,084 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, 1,789,851 shares issuable upon conversion of outstanding Restricted Stock Units, 601,845 shares issuable upon conversion of outstanding Performance Share Units PSUs (assuming maximum payout for unvested PSUs and PSUs vested as of June 30, 2023 pending approval by the Stock Plan Subcommittee of our Board of Directors), 112,680 shares issuable upon conversion of Share Units and 350,445 shares issuable upon conversion of Long-term PSUs, including P rice-vested units PVUs . 
 (3) Calculated based upon outstanding options in respect of 7,497,084 shares of our Class A Common Stock. 
 (4) The 2002 Plan authorizes the grant of shares and benefits other than stock options. As of June 30, 2023, there were 9,684,436 shares of Class A Common Stock available for issuance under the 2002 Plan (subject to the approval by the Stock Plan Subcommittee of expected payouts for PSUs vested as of June 30, 2023). Shares underlying grants cancelled or forfeited under prior plans or agreements may be used for grants under the 2002 Plan. The Director Plan currently provides for an annual grant of options and stock units to non-employee directors. As of June 30, 2023, there were 429,888 shares available for issuance under the Director Plan. 
 
 If all of the outstanding options, warrants, rights, stock units and share units, as well as the securities available for future issuance, included in the first and third columns in the table above were converted to shares of Class A Common Stock as of June 30, 2023, the total shares of Common Stock outstanding (i.e. Class A plus Class B) would increase 6 to 378,086,144. Of the outstanding options to purchase 7,497,084 shares of Class A Common Stock, options to purchase 3,354,289 shares have an exercise price less than 196.38, the closing price on June 30, 2023. Assuming the exercise of only in-the-money options, the total shares outstanding would increase by 1 to 360,974,204. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) 1 and 2. Financial Statements and Schedules - See index on Page F-1. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated November 16, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 15, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 3.1a Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 3.2 Certificate of Retirement of 6.50 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2012) (SEC File No.1-14064). 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.2 Indenture, dated November 5, 1999, between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 4 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-85947) filed on November 5, 1999) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.3 Officers Certificate, dated September 29, 2003, defining certain terms of the 5.75 Senior Notes due 2033 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.4 Global Note for 5.75 Senior Notes due 2033 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.5 Officers Certificate, dated May 1, 2007, defining certain terms of the 6.000 Senior Notes due 2037 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2007) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.6 Global Note for 6.000 Senior Notes due 2037 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2007) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.7 Officers Certificate, dated August 2, 2012, defining certain terms of the 2.350 Senior Notes due 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.8 Global Note for the 2.350 Senior Notes due 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.9 Officers Certificate, dated August 2, 2012, defining certain terms of the 3.700 Senior Notes due 2042 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.10 Global Note for the 3.700 Senior Notes due 2042 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.11 Officers Certificate, dated June 4, 2015, defining certain terms of the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.12 Global Note for the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.13 Officers Certificate, dated May 10, 2016, defining certain terms of the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2016) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.14 Global Note for the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045 (filed as Exhibit B in Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2016) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.15 Officers Certificate, dated February 9, 2017, defining certain terms of the 3.150 Senior Notes due 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.16 Form of Global Note for the 3.150 Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.17 Officers Certificate, dated February 9, 2017, defining certain terms of the 4.150 Senior Notes due 2047 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.18 Form of Global Note for the 4.150 Senior Notes due 2047 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 4.19 Officers Certificate, dated November 21, 2019, defining certain terms of the 2.000 Senior Notes due 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.20 Form of Global Note for the 2.000 Senior Notes due 2024 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.21 Officers Certificate, dated November 21, 2019, defining certain terms of the 2.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.22 Form of Global Note for the 2.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.23 Officers Certificate, dated November 21, 2019, defining certain terms of the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2049 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.24 Form of Global Note for the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2049 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.25 Officers Certificate, dated April 13, 2020, defining certain terms of the 2.600 Senior Notes due 2030 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.26 Form of Global Note for the 2.600 Senior Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.27 Officers Certificate, dated March 4, 2021, defining certain terms of the 1.950 Senior Notes due 2031 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.28 Form of Global Note for the 1.950 Senior Notes due 2031 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.29 Officers Certificate, dated May 12, 2023, defining certain terms of the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2028 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.30 Form of Global Note for the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2028 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.31 Officers Certificate, dated May 12, 2023, defining certain terms of the 4.650 Senior Notes due 2033 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.32 Form of Global Note for the 4.650 Senior Notes due 2033 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.33 Officers Certificate, dated May 12, 2023, defining certain terms of the 5.150 Senior Notes due 2053 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 4.34 Form of Global Note for the 5.150 Senior Notes due 2053 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.1 Stockholders Agreement, dated November 22, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 15, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.1a Amendment No. 1 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 1996) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.1b Amendment No. 2 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 1997) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.1c Amendment No. 3 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 1997) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.1d Amendment No. 4 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1d to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 18, 2000) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.1e Amendment No. 5 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1e to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2002) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.1f Amendment No. 6 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 27, 2005) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.1g Amendment No. 7 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2009) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 22, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 15, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.2a First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement (originally filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 10, 1996) (re-filed as Exhibit 10.2a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.2b Second Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 1997) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.2c Third Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2c to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2001) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.2d Fourth Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 29, 2004) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.3 The Estee Lauder Companies Retirement Growth Account Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2019, as further amended through January 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 3, 2022) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.3a Amendment to amended and restated The Estee Lauder Companies Retirement Growth Account Plan, effective as of May 31, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 on our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2022) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.3b The Estee Lauder Companies Retirement Growth Account Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.4 The Estee Lauder Inc. Retirement Benefits Restoration Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.5 Executive Annual Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2013) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.5a Executive Annual Incentive Plan (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.6 Employment Agreement with Tracey T. Travis (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.7 Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2001) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.7a Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.8a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2002) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.7b Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2005) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.7c Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 5, 2009) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.7d Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2009) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.7e Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.7f Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.7f to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.7g Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.8 Employment Agreement with William P. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.8a Amendment to Employment Agreement with William P. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2013) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.9 Employment Agreement with Fabrizio Freda (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.9a Amendment to Employment Agreement with Fabrizio Freda and Stock Option Agreements (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2013) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.10 Employment Agreement with Jane Hertzmark Hudis (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2022) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.11 Employment Agreement with Jane Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.12 Employment Agreement with Peter Jueptner (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.13 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement (interest-based) with Outside Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2001) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.13a Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement (interest-based) with Outside Directors (including Election Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.12a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2018) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.14 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement (stock-based) with Outside Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2001) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.14a Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement (stock-based) with Outside Directors (including Election Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.13a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2018) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.15 The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on November 9, 2007) (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 9, 2007) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.15a The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as amended on July 14, 2011) (filed as exhibit 10.15a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 22, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.15b The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.15c The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as of November 1, 2017) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.15d The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as of August 22, 2019) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.15e The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as of July 13, 2021) (filed as Exhibit 10.15e to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.16 Summary of Compensation For Non-Employee Directors of the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2013) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.16a Summary of Compensation For Non-Employee Directors of the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.16b Summary of Compensation For Non-Employee Directors of the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.16b to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.17 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Annual Stock Option Grants under Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 9, 2007) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.17a Form of Stock Option Agreement for Annual Stock Option Grants under the Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18 The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 17, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.18a The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18b The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.16b to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18c The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18d Form of Stock Option Agreement under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18e Form of Stock Option Agreement under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.16y to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2014) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18f Form of Stock Option Agreement with Fabrizio Freda under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.16z to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2014) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18g Form of Stock Option Agreement under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.16m to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18h Form of Stock Option Agreement under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.17l to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 23, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18i Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with Fabrizio Freda under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18j Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with Fabrizio Freda (2018) under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2018) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18k Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for Employees including Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18l Price-Vested Unit Award Agreement with Fabrizio Freda under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18m Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with Fabrizio Freda under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18n Form of Non-annual Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.18s to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18o Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for Employees including Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.18t to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18p Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.18bb to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 28, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.18q Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Employees other than Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.18cc to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 28, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.18r Form of Non-annual Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.18dd to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 28, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.19 2.5 Billion Credit Facility, dated as of October 22, 2021, among The Est e Lauder Companies Inc., the Eligible Subsidiaries of the Company, as defined therein, the lenders listed therein, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.20 Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, among Estee Lauder Inc., Melville Management Corp., Leonard A. Lauder, and William P. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.20a Agreement of Sublease, dated May 18, 2022, between Editions de Parfums LLC, Sublandlord and Melville Management Corporation, Subtenant (filed as Exhibit 10.21a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2022) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.21 Services Agreement, dated November 22, 1995, between Estee Lauder Inc. and RSL Investment Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.22 Agreement of Sublease and Guarantee of Sublease, dated April 1, 2005, among Aramis Inc., RSL Management Corp., and Ronald S. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.22a First Amendment to Sublease, dated February 28, 2007, between Aramis Inc. and RSL Management Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.22b Second Amendment to Sublease, dated January 27, 2010, between Aramis Inc. and RSL Management Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.22c Third Amendment to Sublease, dated November 3, 2010, between Aramis Inc., and RSL Management Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.22d Fourth Amendment to Sublease, dated March 4, 2020, between Aramis Inc. and RSL Management Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.23 Form of Art Loan Agreement between Lender and Estee Lauder Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC file No. 1-14064). 10.24 Creative Consultant Agreement, dated April 6, 2011, between Estee Lauder Inc. and Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.24a First Amendment to Creative Consultant Agreement between Estee Lauder Inc. and Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer dated October 28, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.23a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.24b Second Amendment to Creative Consultant Agreement between Estee Lauder Inc. and Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer effective July 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.23b to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2016) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.24c Third Amendment to Creative Consultant Agreement between Estee Lauder Inc. and Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer effective July 1, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.24c to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.25 License Agreement, dated April 6, 2011, by and among Aerin LLC, Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer and Estee Lauder Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.25a First Amendment to the April 6, 2011 License Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, by and among Aerin LLC, Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer and Estee Lauder Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 10.25b Second Amendment to the April 6, 2011 License Agreement, dated February 22, 2019, by and among Aerin LLC, Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer and Estee Lauder Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 21.1 List of significant subsidiaries. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 24.1 Power of Attorney. 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CEO). 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CFO). 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CEO). (furnished) 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CFO). (furnished) 101.1 The following materials from The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 are formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 The cover page from The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 is formatted in iXBRL 
 
 ____________________ 
 Incorporated herein by reference. 
 Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. By /s/ TRACEY T. TRAVIS Tracey T. Travis Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: August 18, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Signature Title (s) Date FABRIZIO FREDA President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director (Principal Executive Officer) August 18, 2023 Fabrizio Freda WILLIAM P. LAUDER Executive Chairman and a Director August 18, 2023 William P. Lauder LEONARD A. LAUDER Director August 18, 2023 Leonard A. Lauder CHARLENE BARSHEFSKY Director August 18, 2023 Charlene Barshefsky WEI SUN CHRISTIANSON Director August 18, 2023 Wei Sun Christianson ANGELA WEI DONG Director August 18, 2023 Angela Wei Dong PAUL J. FRIBOURG Director August 18, 2023 Paul J. Fribourg JENNIFER HYMAN Director August 18, 2023 Jennifer Hyman JANE LAUDER Director August 18, 2023 Jane Lauder RONALD S. LAUDER Director August 18, 2023 Ronald S. Lauder ARTURO NU EZ Director August 18, 2023 Arturo Nu ez RICHARD D. PARSONS Director August 18, 2023 Richard D. Parsons LYNN FORESTER DE ROTHSCHILD Director August 18, 2023 Lynn Forester de Rothschild BARRY S. STERNLICHT Director August 18, 2023 Barry S. Sternlicht JENNIFER TEJADA Director August 18, 2023 Jennifer Tejada RICHARD F. ZANNINO Director August 18, 2023 Richard F. Zannino /s/ TRACEY T. TRAVIS Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) August 18, 2023 Tracey T. Travis 
 ___________________________________________ 
 By signing her name hereto, Tracey T. Travis signs this document in the capacities indicated above and on behalf of the persons indicated above pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by such persons and filed herewith. 
 By /s/ TRACEY T. TRAVIS Tracey T. Travis (Attorney-in-Fact) 
 67 

Table of Contents 

THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Financial Statements: Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F- 
 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 F- 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 F- 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 
 7 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 
 F- 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 
 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 
 11 
 Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 S- 
 1 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. (including its subsidiaries) (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the Company s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, the Company s management has concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

/s/ Fabrizio Freda /s/ Tracey T. Travis Fabrizio Freda Tracey T. Travis President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 August 18, 2023 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of equity and redeemable noncontrolling interest and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023 appearing on page S-1 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Interim Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Dr.Jart+ Reporting Unit 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated balance of goodwill was 2,486 million as of June 30, 2023, of which 304 million relates to the Dr.Jart+ reporting unit. Management assesses goodwill at least annually for impairment as of the beginning of the fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if certain events or circumstances exist. Management concluded that the changes in circumstances in the reporting unit, along with increases in the weighted average cost of capital, triggered the need for an interim impairment review of the Company s goodwill. Management completed an interim quantitative impairment test for goodwill as of November 30, 2022. The fair value of the reporting unit was based upon an equal weighting of the income and market approaches. The significant assumptions used in these approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows, and comparable market multiples. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the interim goodwill impairment assessment - Dr.Jart+ reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to revenue growth rates and weighted average cost of capital; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Dr.Jart+ reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the reporting unit; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the income and market approaches; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the approaches; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to revenue growth rates and weighted average cost of capital. Evaluating management s assumption related to revenue growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumption was reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the income approach and (ii) the reasonableness of the weighted average cost of capital significant assumption. 
 
 Acquisition of 001 Del LLC - Valuation of TOM FORD Trademark Intangible Asset 
 
 As described in Notes 2, 5, and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, on April 28, 2023, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interests in 001 Del LLC, the sole owner of the TOM FORD brand and its related intellectual property. The acquisition has been accounted for as an asset acquisition as the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in the value of the TOM FORD trademark intangible asset. The Company recognizes assets acquired in an asset acquisition based on the cost to the Company on a relative fair value basis. The fair value of the trademark was determined using an income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value were revenue growth rates, terminal value, beauty royalty savings, weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows, and royalty rates. The total cost of the asset acquisition of 2,578 million was allocated to the TOM FORD trademark intangible asset. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the TOM FORD trademark intangible asset from the acquisition of 001 Del LLC is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the trademark intangible asset acquired; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to terminal value, beauty royalty savings, and weighted average cost of capital; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition, including controls over the valuation of the trademark intangible asset. These procedures also included, among others, (i) reading the purchase agreement; (ii) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate; (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of the relief-from-royalty method; (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the method; and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to terminal value, beauty royalty savings, and weighted average cost of capital. Evaluating management s assumptions related to terminal value and beauty royalty savings involved evaluating whether the assumptions were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the brand; (ii) the consistency with external market data and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the relief-from-royalty method and (ii) the reasonableness of the weighted average cost of capital significant assumption. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York 
 August 18, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 Year Ended June 30 (In millions, except per share data) 2023 2022 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Restructuring and other charges Goodwill impairment Impairment of other intangible and long-lived assets Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense Interest income and investment income, net Other components of net periodic benefit cost ) ) Other income, net Earnings before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net earnings Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss (earnings) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Net earnings attributable to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Net earnings attributable to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. per common share Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year Ended June 30 (In millions) 2023 2022 2021 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss): Net cash flow hedge gain (loss) ) ) Cross-currency swap contract loss ) Retirement plan and other retiree benefit adjustments ) Translation adjustments ) ) Benefit (provision) for income taxes on components of other comprehensive income ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests: Net earnings ) ) Translation adjustments ) Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest: Net loss (earnings) ) ) Translation adjustments Total comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 June 30 (In millions, except share data) 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventory and promotional merchandise Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Current debt Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Equity Common stock, par value; Class A shares authorized: at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022; shares issued: at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022; Class B shares authorized: at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022; shares issued and outstanding: at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Less: Treasury stock, at cost; Class A shares at June 30, 2023 and Class A shares at June 30, 2022 
 ) ) Total equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and equity 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST 
 Year Ended June 30 (In millions, except per share data) 2023 2022 2021 Common stock, beginning of year Stock-based compensation Common stock, end of year Paid-in capital, beginning of year Common stock dividends Stock-based compensation Purchase of shares from noncontrolling interests ) Paid-in capital, end of year Retained earnings, beginning of year Common stock dividends ) ) ) Net earnings attributable to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting standards ) Retained earnings, end of year Accumulated other comprehensive loss, beginning of year ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, end of year ) ) ) Treasury stock, beginning of year ) ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Treasury stock, end of year ) ) ) Total stockholders equity The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Noncontrolling interests, beginning of year Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests Distribution to noncontrolling interest holders ) Purchase of shares from noncontrolling interests ) Translation adjustments and other, net ) Noncontrolling interests, end of year Total equity Redeemable noncontrolling interest, beginning of year Acquired redeemable noncontrolling interest Net earnings (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Translation adjustments ) ) ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest to redemption value ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest, end of year Cash dividends declared per common share 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended June 30 (In millions) 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Non-cash restructuring and other charges Pension and post-retirement benefit expense Pension and post-retirement benefit contributions ) ) ) Goodwill, other intangible and long-lived asset impairments Changes in fair value of contingent consideration ) Gain on previously held equity method investment ) ) Other non-cash items ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable, net ) ) Increase in inventory and promotional merchandise ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in other assets, net ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable ) Increase (decrease) in other accrued and noncurrent liabilities ) Decrease in operating lease assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from purchase price refund Payments for acquired businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchases of other intangible assets ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Settlement of net investment hedges ) Net cash flows used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds (repayments) of current debt, net (Note 11) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Repayments and redemptions of long-term debt ) ) ) Net proceeds from stock-based compensation transactions Payment for acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) Payments to acquire treasury stock ) ) ) Dividends paid to stockholders ) ) ) Payments to noncontrolling interest holders for dividends ) Payments of contingent consideration ) Net cash flows provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on Cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in Cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 - 

NOTE 2 
 million, ) million and million, net of tax, in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the Company s subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies, the U.S. dollar is the functional currency. Remeasurement adjustments in financial statements in a highly inflationary economy and other transactional gains and losses are reflected in earnings. These subsidiaries are not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements or liquidity in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts and may enter into option contracts to hedge foreign currency transactions for periods consistent with its identified exposures. The Company also uses cross-currency swap contracts to hedge the impact of foreign currency changes on certain intercompany foreign currency denominated debt. Additionally, the Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of its net investment in certain foreign operations, which are designated as net investment hedges. 
 See Note 12 Derivative Financial Instruments for further discussion . The Company categorizes these instruments as entered into for purposes other than trading. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated statements of earnings include net exchange gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions of million, ) million and ) million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million of short-term time deposits at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

F-12 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lives of the respective leases or the expected useful lives of those improvements. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 See Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for further information. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 See Note 7 Leases for further information. 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-16 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings and are expensed as incurred. The cost of certain promotional products, including samples and testers, are classified within Cost of sales. 
 million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings and are expensed as incurred. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings and include distribution center costs, promotional shipping costs, third-party logistics costs and outbound freight. 
 years to years, and are renewable subject to the Company s compliance with the license agreement provisions. As of June 30, 2023, the remaining terms considering available renewal periods range from years to approximately years. Under each license, the Company is required to pay royalties to the licensor, at least annually, based on net sales to third parties. 
 Certain license agreements may require minimum royalty payments, incremental royalties based on net sales levels and minimum spending on advertising and promotional activities. Royalty expenses are accrued in the period in which net sales are recognized while advertising and promotional expenses are accrued at the time these costs are incurred. 

F-18 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

period, with a purchase price based on the future performance of DECIEM (the net Put (Call) Option ). 
 As a result of this redemption feature, the Company recorded redeemable noncontrolling interest, at its acquisition date fair value, that is classified as mezzanine equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The noncontrolling interest is adjusted each reporting period for income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Each reporting period, a measurement period adjustment, if any, is then recorded to adjust the noncontrolling interest to the higher of either the redemption value, assuming it was redeemable at the reporting date, or its carrying value. If and when applicable, these adjustments are recorded in Paid-in capital and are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. In addition, based on the Company's policy election, if the redemption value exceeds the fair value of the noncontrolling interest on a cumulative basis, a measurement period adjustment is recorded in Retained earnings and the Company will adjust Net earnings (loss) attributable to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. as it uses the two-class method when calculating earnings per common share. The fair value of the noncontrolling interest per share is calculated by incorporating significant assumptions including the starting equity value, revenue growth rates and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and the following key assumptions into the Monte Carlo method: risk-free rate, term to mid of last twelve-month period, operating leverage adjustment, net sales discount rate, EBITDA discount rate, EBITDA volatility and net sales volatility. See Note 5 Business and Asset Acquisitions for additional information regarding the redeemable noncontrolling interest. 
 
 During fiscal 2022 and 2021, the Company qualified for and recorded million and million, respectively, in government assistance, which reduced Selling, general and administrative expenses by million and million, respectively, and Cost of sales by million and million, respectively. In fiscal 2023, the impact from government assistance programs was not material to the consolidated statement of earnings. 

F-19 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-20 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 3 
 Work in process Finished goods Promotional merchandise 

NOTE 4 
 Buildings and improvements to years) 
 Machinery and equipment to years) 
 Computer hardware and software to years) 
 Furniture and fixtures to years) 
 Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment was million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation and amortization related to the Company s manufacturing process is included in Cost of sales and all other depreciation and amortization is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. See Note 7 Leases for d iscussion of property, plant and equipment impairments. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 5 
 of the equity interests in 001 Del LLC 001 in exchange for million in consideration (the TOM FORD Acquisition ). 001 is the sole owner of the TOM FORD brand and its related intellectual property. The TOM FORD brand is a luxury brand created in 2005, and this acquisition is expected to further strengthen the Company s TOM FORD BEAUTY brand, which the Company has historically licensed, while simultaneously enabling the Company to create new licensing revenue streams. At the same time as the Company's transaction, affiliates of the Ermenegildo Zegna Group Zegna separately purchased the interests in the TOM FORD fashion business that Zegna did not own (including the purchase of interests from the sellers of 001). 
 
 The TOM FORD Acquisition has been accounted for as an asset acquisition as the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in the value of the TOM FORD trademark intangible asset. The acquisition of 001 included existing license relationships for certain uses of the brand name, which were modified, terminated or otherwise renegotiated in connection with the transaction, and are discussed separately in Note 14 Revenue Recognition . 
 
 The total cost of the asset acquisition is million, inclusive of approximately million of transaction related costs and million of deferred consideration payable to the sellers included in Other noncurrent liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2023. Of the million of deferred consideration payable to the sellers, million is due in July 2025 and the remaining million is due in July 2026. 
 
 The total cost of the asset acquisition was allocated to the TOM FORD trademark intangible asset. The Company determined that the TOM FORD trademark intangible asset has an indefinite life, and will not be amortized, but will be subject to impairment assessment at least annually, or more frequently if certain events or circumstances exist. 
 
 Business Combination 
 
 Fiscal 2021 
 On May 18, 2021, the Company acquired additional shares in DECIEM, a Toronto-based skin care company, for million in cash, including proceeds from the issuance of debt. DECIEM is a multi-brand beauty company with a brand portfolio that includes The Ordinary and NIOD. This acquisition is expected to further strengthen the Company s leadership position in prestige skin care, expand its global consumer reach and complement its business in the online and specialty-multi channels. The Company originally acquired a minority interest in DECIEM in June 2017. The minority interest was accounted for as an equity method investment, which had a carrying value of million at the acquisition date. The acquisition of additional shares increased the Company's fully diluted equity interest from approximately to approximately and was considered a step acquisition. On a fully diluted basis, the DECIEM stock options, discussed below, approximated of the total capital structure. Accordingly, for purposes of determining the consideration transferred, the Company excluded the DECIEM stock options, which resulted in an increase in the Company s post-acquisition undiluted equity interest from approximately to approximately and the post-acquisition undiluted equity interest of the remaining noncontrolling interest holders of approximately . The Company remeasured the previously held equity method investment to its fair value of million, resulting in the recognition of a gain of million. The gain on the Company s previously held equity method investment is included in Other income, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended June 30, 2021. As part of the increase in the Company's investment, the Company was granted the right to purchase Call Option ), and granted the remaining investors a right to sell to the Company Put Option ), the remaining interests after a period, with a purchase price based on the future performance of DECIEM (the net Put (Call) Option ). As a result of this redemption feature, the Company recorded redeemable noncontrolling interest, at its acquisition date fair value, that is classified as mezzanine equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2021. The accounting for the DECIEM business combination was finalized during the fiscal 2022 third quarter. 

F-22 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Fair value of DECIEM stock options liability Fair value of net Put (Call) Option Total consideration for the acquired ownership interest (approximately 
 Fair value of previously held equity method investment (approximately 
 Fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interest (approximately 
 Total consideration transferred 

As part of the acquisition of additional shares, DECIEM stock options were issued in replacement of and exchange for certain vested and unvested stock options previously issued by DECIEM. The total fair value of the DECIEM stock options of million was recorded as part of the total consideration transferred, comprising of million of Cash paid for vested options settled as of the acquisition date and million reported as a stock options liability on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as it is not an assumed liability of DECIEM and is expected to be settled in cash upon completion of the exercise of the Put (Call). The acquisition-date fair value of the DECIEM stock options liability was calculated by multiplying the acquisition-date fair value by the number of DECIEM stock options replaced the day after the acquisition date. The stock options replaced consist of vested and partially vested stock options. See Note 18 Stock Programs for information relating to the DECIEM stock options. 
 
 The acquisition-date fair value of the previously held equity method investment was calculated by multiplying the gross-up of the total consideration for the acquired ownership interest of million by the related effective previously held equity interest of approximately . 
 
 The acquisition-date fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest includes the acquisition-date fair value of the net Put (Call) Option of million. The remaining acquisition-date fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest of million was calculated by multiplying the gross-up of the total consideration for the acquired ownership interest of million by the related noncontrolling interest of approximately . 
 
 Term to mid of last twelve-month period years Operating leverage adjustment Net sales discount rate EBITDA discount rate EBITDA volatility Net sales volatility 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accounts receivable Inventory Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets Goodwill Deferred income taxes Total assets acquired Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Deferred income taxes Long-term operating lease liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total consideration transferred 
 
 The results of operations for DECIEM and acquisition-related costs were not material to the Company's consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended June 30, 2021. Pro forma results of operations reflecting the acquisition of DECIEM are not presented, as the impact on the Company s consolidated financial results would not have been material. 

F-24 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 6 
 million. 
 
 The trademark acquired in connection with the TOM FORD Acquisition is classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the trademark was determined using an income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method. This method assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to obtain the rights to use the comparable asset. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value were revenue growth rates, terminal value, beauty royalty savings, the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rates. The most significant unobservable input was the weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows. 
 
 Also as discussed in Note 5 - Business and Asset Acquisitions, in May 2021 the Company increased its investment in DECIEM, which resulted in the inclusion of additional goodwill of million, amortizable intangible assets (customer lists) of million with amortization periods of years to years, and non-amortizable intangible assets (trademarks) of million. Goodwill associated with the acquisition is primarily attributable to the future revenue growth opportunities associated with sales growth in the skin care category, as well as the value associated with DECIEM's assembled workforce. As such, the goodwill has been allocated to the Company s skin care product category. The goodwill recorded in connection with this acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 The intangible assets acquired in connection with the acquisition of DECIEM are classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The estimate of the fair values of the acquired amortizable intangible assets were determined using a multi-period excess earnings income approach by discounting the incremental after-tax cash flows over multiple periods. Fair value was determined under this approach by estimating future cash flows over multiple periods, as well as a terminal value, and discounting such cash flows at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows. The estimate of the fair values of the acquired intangible assets not subject to amortization were determined using an income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method. This method assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to obtain the rights to use the comparable asset. 

F-25 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accumulated impairments ) ) ) ) Goodwill measurement period adjustment Translation and other adjustments, goodwill ) ) ) ) ) Translation and other adjustments, accumulated impairments ) ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2022 Goodwill Accumulated impairments ) ) ) ) Translation and other adjustments, goodwill ) ) Translation and other adjustments, accumulated impairments ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 Goodwill Accumulated impairments ) ) ) ) 
 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Other intangible assets primarily include trademarks and customer lists, as well as patents, and license arrangements resulting from or related to businesses and assets purchased by the Company. Indefinite-lived intangible assets (e.g., trademarks) are not subject to amortization and are assessed at least annually for impairment during the fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if certain events or circumstances exist. Other intangible assets (e.g., customer lists) are amortized on a straight-line basis over their expected period of benefit, approximately years to years. Intangible assets related to license agreements were amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives based on the terms of the respective agreements. The costs incurred and expensed by the Company to extend or renew the term of acquired intangible assets during fiscal 2023 and 2022 were not material to the Company s results of operations. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Non-amortizable intangible assets: Trademarks Total intangible assets 
 
 The aggregate amortization expense related to amortizable intangible assets for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 

Fiscal 2023 Impairment Analysis 
 For further policy information on the Company's policy relating to its impairment assessment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, see Goodwill and Other Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets within Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 During the fiscal 2023 second quarter, given the lower-than-expected results in the overall business, the Company revised the internal forecasts relating to its Smashbox reporting unit. The Company concluded that the changes in circumstances in the reporting unit triggered the need for an interim impairment review of its trademark intangible asset. The remaining carrying value of the trademark intangible asset was not recoverable and the Company recorded an impairment charge of million reducing the carrying value to . 
 During the fiscal 2023 second quarter, the Dr.Jart+ reporting unit experienced lower-than-expected growth within key geographic regions and channels that continue to be impacted by the spread of COVID-19 variants, resurgence in cases, and the potential future impacts relating to the uncertainty of the duration and severity of COVID-19 impacting the financial performance of the reporting unit. In addition, due to macro-economic factors, Dr.Jart+ has experienced lower-than-expected growth within key geographic regions. The Too Faced reporting unit experienced lower-than-expected results in key geographic regions and channels coupled with delays in future international expansion to areas that continue to be impacted by COVID-19. As a result, the Company revised the internal forecasts relating to its Dr.Jart+ and Too Faced reporting units. Additionally, there were increases in the weighted average cost of capital for both reporting units as compared to the prior year annual goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing as of April 1, 2022. 

F-27 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million for Dr.Jart+ and million for Too Faced. The Company concluded that the carrying amounts of the long-lived assets were recoverable. After adjusting the carrying values of the trademarks, the Company completed interim quantitative impairment tests for goodwill. As the estimated fair value of the Dr.Jart+ and Too Faced reporting units were in excess of their carrying values, the Company concluded that the carrying amounts of the goodwill were recoverable and did not record a goodwill impairment charge related to these reporting units. The fair values of these reporting units were based upon an equal weighting of the income and market approaches, utilizing estimated cash flows and a terminal value, discounted at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows, as well as valuation multiples derived from comparable publicly traded companies that are applied to operating performance of the reporting units. The significant assumptions used in these approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows, comparable market multiples and royalty rates for trademarks. The most significant unobservable input used to estimate the fair values of the Dr.Jart+ and Too Faced trademark intangible assets was the weighted average cost of capital, which was and , respectively. 
 Dr.Jart+ Asia/Pacific Too Faced The Americas Total 
 The impairment charges for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 were reflected in the skin care product category for Dr.Jart+ and the makeup product category for Smashbox and Too Faced. 
 Fiscal 2022 Impairment Analysis 
 During the fiscal 2022 third quarter, given the lower-than-expected results from international expansion to areas that continue to be impacted by COVID-19, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to its GLAMGLOW reporting unit. The Company concluded that the changes in circumstances in the reporting unit triggered the need for an interim impairment review of its trademark intangible asset. The remaining carrying value of the trademark intangible asset was not recoverable and the Company recorded an impairment charge of million reducing the carrying value to . 
 During the fiscal 2022 third quarter, given the lower-than-expected growth within key geographic regions and channels for Dr.Jart+ that continue to be impacted by the spread of COVID-19 variants and resurgence in cases and the potential future impacts relating to the uncertainty of the duration and severity of COVID-19 impacting the financial performance of the brand, the lower than expected growth in key retail channels for DECIEM, and the lower than expected results from international expansion to areas that continue to be impacted by COVID-19 for Too Faced, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to its Dr.Jart+, DECIEM and Too Faced reporting units. 

F-28 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million. For the Too Faced and DECIEM reporting units, as the carrying values of the trademarks did not exceed their estimated fair values, which were determined utilizing the relief-from-royalty method to determine discounted projected future cash flows, the Company did not record impairment charges. The estimated fair values of Too Faced s and DECIEM's trademarks exceeded their carrying values by and , respectively. For the Too Faced and DECIEM trademark intangible assets, if all other assumptions are held constant, an increase of basis points and basis points, respectively, in the weighted average cost of capital would result in an impairment charge. After adjusting the carrying values of the trademarks, the Company completed interim quantitative impairment tests for goodwill. As the estimated fair value of the Dr.Jart+, DECIEM and Too Faced reporting units were in excess of their carrying values, the Company concluded that the carrying amounts of the goodwill were recoverable and did not record a goodwill impairment charge related to these reporting units. The fair values of these reporting units were based upon an equal weighting of the income and market approaches, utilizing estimated cash flows and a terminal value, discounted at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows, as well as valuation multiples derived from comparable publicly traded companies that are applied to operating performance of the reporting units. The significant assumptions used in these approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rates for trademarks. The most significant unobservable input used to estimate the fair value of the Dr.Jart+ trademark intangible asset was the weighted average cost of capital, which was . 
 
 Based on the Company s annual goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing as of April 1, 2022, the Company determined that the carrying value of the Dr.Jart+ trademark exceeded its fair value. This determination was made based on updated internal forecasts. Given the lower-than-expected growth within key geographic regions and channels that continued to be impacted by the spread of COVID-19 variants, the resurgence in cases, regional lockdowns and the potential future impacts relating to the uncertainty of the duration and severity of COVID-19 impacting the financial performance of the brand, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to the Dr.Jart+ reporting unit. These changes in circumstances were also indicators that the carrying amounts of their respective long-lived assets may not be recoverable. The Company concluded that the carrying value of the trademark intangible asset exceeded its estimated fair value, which was determined utilizing the relief-from-royalty method to determine discounted projected future cash flows, and recorded an impairment charge of million. The Company concluded that the carrying amount of the long-lived assets were recoverable. After adjusting the carrying value of the trademark, the Company completed a quantitative impairment test for goodwill. As the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was in excess of its carrying value, the Company concluded that the carrying amount of the goodwill was recoverable and did not record a goodwill impairment charge related to the reporting unit. The fair value of the reporting unit was based upon an equal weighting of the income and market approaches, utilizing estimated cash flows and a terminal value, discounted at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows, as well as valuation multiples derived from comparable publicly traded companies that are applied to operating performance of the reporting units. The significant assumptions used in these approaches include revenue growth rates and profit margins, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital used to discount future cash flows and royalty rates for trademarks. The most significant unobservable input used to estimate the fair value of the trademark intangible asset was the weighted average cost of capital, which was . 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Dr.Jart+ Asia/Pacific Total 
 The impairment charges for the three and twelve months ended June 30, 2022 were reflected in the skin care product category. 
 Fiscal 2021 Impairment Analysis 
 During November 2020, given the actual and the estimate of the potential future impacts relating to the uncertainty of the duration and severity of COVID-19 impacting the Company and lower than expected results from geographic expansion, the Company made further revisions to the internal forecasts relating to its GLAMGLOW reporting unit. The Company concluded that the changes in circumstances in this reporting unit triggered the need for an interim impairment review of its trademark and goodwill. These changes in circumstances were also an indicator that the carrying amounts of GLAMGLOW's long-lived assets, including customer lists, may not be recoverable. Accordingly, the Company performed an interim impairment test for the trademark and a recoverability test for the long-lived assets as of November 30, 2020. The Company concluded that the carrying value of the trademark for GLAMGLOW exceeded its estimated fair value, which was determined utilizing the relief-from-royalty method to determine discounted projected future cash flows, and recorded an impairment charge of million. In addition, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the GLAMGLOW customer lists intangible asset was fully impaired and recorded an impairment charge of million. The fair value of all other long-lived assets of GLAMGLOW exceeded their carrying values and were not impaired as of November 30, 2020. After adjusting the carrying values of the trademark and customer lists intangible assets, the Company completed an interim quantitative impairment test for goodwill and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of million, reducing the carrying value of goodwill for the GLAMGLOW reporting unit to . The fair value of the GLAMGLOW reporting unit was based upon an equal weighting of the income and market approaches, utilizing estimated cash flows and a terminal value, discounted at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows, as well as valuation multiples derived from comparable publicly traded companies that are applied to operating performance of the reporting unit. 
 
 Based on the Company s annual goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing as of April 1, 2021, the Company determined that the carrying value of the GLAMGLOW and Smashbox trademarks exceeded their fair values. This determination was made based on updated internal forecasts, finalized and approved in June 2021, that reflected lower net sales growth projections due to a softer than expected retail environment for these brands, as well as the continued impacts relating to the uncertainty of the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic. These changes in circumstances were also indicators that the carrying amounts of their respective long-lived assets may not be recoverable. The Company concluded that the carrying values of the trademarks exceeded their estimated fair values, which were determined utilizing the relief-from-royalty method to determine discounted projected future cash flows, and recorded impairment charges. The Company concluded that the carrying amounts of the long-lived assets were recoverable. The carrying values of the customer lists and goodwill relating to the GLAMGLOW and Smashbox reporting units were as of November 30, 2020 and June 30, 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Smashbox Makeup Total 

NOTE 7 
 year to years. Some of the Company s lease contracts include options to extend the leases for up to years, while others include options to terminate the leases within years. 

F-31 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Operating lease cost 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Variable lease cost 
 Total 
 Other information 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term finance leases 
 years years years Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases 
 years years years Weighted-average discount rate finance leases 
 Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

F-32 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 Total noncurrent liabilities 
 Total 
 
 The ROU assets and lease liabilities related to finance leases are included in Other assets and in Current debt and Long-term debt , respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 During fiscal 2021, as a result of the continued challenging retail environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic, certain of the Company s freestanding stores experienced lower net sales and lower expectations of future cash flows. These changes were an indicator that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Accordingly, the Company performed a recoverability test by comparing projected undiscounted cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of an asset or asset group to its carrying value. For those freestanding stores that failed step one of this test, the Company then compared the assets carrying values to their estimated fair values. Specifically, for the related ROU assets, the fair value was based on discounting market rent using a real estate discount rate. As a result, the Company recognized million of long-lived asset impairments, included in Impairments of other intangible and long-lived assets , in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended June 30, 2021. The fiscal 2021 impairments related to other assets (i.e. rights associated with commercial operating leases) of million, operating lease right-of-use assets of million and the related property, plant and equipment in certain freestanding stores of million. 

F-33 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Makeup Fragrance Hair care Other Total Region The Americas Europe, the Middle East Africa Asia/Pacific Total 

NOTE 8 

The types of activities included in restructuring and other charges, and the related accounting criteria, are described below. 
 
 Charges associated with restructuring and other activities are not allocated to the Company's product categories or geographic regions because they are centrally directed and controlled, are not included in internal measures of product category or geographic region performance and result from activities that are deemed Company-wide initiatives to redesign, resize and reorganize select areas of the business. 
 Post-COVID Business Acceleration Program 
 On August 20, 2020, the Company announced a restructuring program, Post-COVID Business Acceleration Program (the PCBA Program ), designed to realign the Company's business to address the dramatic shifts to its distribution landscape and consumer behaviors in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. The PCBA Program is designed to help improve efficiency and effectiveness by rebalancing resources to growth areas of prestige beauty. It is expected to further strengthen the Company by building upon the foundational capabilities in which the Company has invested. 
 The PCBA Program s main areas of focus include accelerating the shift to online with the realignment of the Company s distribution network reflecting freestanding store and certain department store closures, with a focus on North America and Europe, the Middle East Africa; the reduction in brick-and-mortar point of sale employees and related support staff; and the redesign of the Company s regional branded marketing organizations, plus select opportunities in global brands and functions. This program is expected to position the Company to better execute its long-term strategy while strengthening its financial flexibility. 
 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 to positions globally, including temporary and part-time employees. This reduction takes into account the elimination of some positions, retraining and redeployment of certain employees and investment in new positions in key areas. The Company also estimated the closure over the duration of the PCBA Program of approximately to of its freestanding stores globally, primarily in North America and Europe, the Middle East Africa. 
 The Company approved specific initiatives under the PCBA Program through fiscal 2022 and has substantially completed those initiatives through fiscal 2023. Inclusive of approvals from inception through June 30, 2022, the Company estimates, as of June 30, 2023, that the PCBA Program will result in related restructuring and other charges totaling between million and million, before taxes. 
 Specific actions taken since the PCBA Program inception include: 
 Optimize Digital Organization and Other Go-To-Market Organizations The Company approved initiatives to enhance its go-to-market capabilities and shift more resources to support online growth. These actions are substantially complete and have resulted in a net reduction of the workforce, which includes position eliminations, the re-leveling of certain positions and an investment in new capabilities. 
 Optimize Select Marketing, Brand and Global Functions The Company has started to reduce its corporate and certain of its brand office footprints and is moving toward the future of work in a post-COVID-19 environment, by restructuring where and how its employees work and collaborate. In addition, the Company has approved initiatives to reduce organizational complexity and leverage scale across various Global functions. These actions are substantially complete and resulted in asset write-offs, employee severance, lease termination fees, and consulting and other professional services for the design and implementation of the future structures and processes. 
 Optimize Distribution Network To help restore profitability to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels in certain areas of its distribution network and, as part of a broader initiative to be completed in phases, the Company has approved initiatives to close a number of underperforming freestanding stores, counters and other retail locations, mainly in certain affiliates across all geographic regions, including the Company's travel retail network. These closures reflect changing consumer behaviors including higher demand for online and omnichannel capabilities. These activities are substantially complete and resulted in product returns, termination of contracts, a net reduction in workforce, and inventory and other asset write-offs. 
 Exit of the Global Distribution of BECCA Products In reviewing the Company's brand portfolio to improve efficiency and the sustainability of long-term investments, the decision was made to exit the global distribution of BECCA products due to its limited distribution, the ongoing decline in product demand and the challenging environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. These activities resulted in charges for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, product returns, termination of contracts, and employee severance. The Company completed these initiatives during fiscal 2022. 
 Exit of Certain Designer Fragrance Licenses In reviewing the Company s brand portfolio of fragrances and to focus on investing its resources on alternative opportunities for long-term growth and value creation globally, the Company announced that it would not be renewing its existing license agreements for the Donna Karan New York, DKNY, Michael Kors, Tommy Hilfiger and Ermenegildo Zegna product lines when their respective terms expire in June 2023. The Company negotiated early termination agreements with each of the licensors effective June 30, 2022 and continued to sell products under these licenses until such time. These actions resulted in asset write-offs, including charges for the impairment of goodwill, employee-related costs, and consulting and legal fees. 
 Brand Transformation In reviewing the Company s brand portfolio to accelerate growth within the makeup product category and to support long-term investments, the decision was made to strategically reposition Smashbox to capitalize on changing consumer preferences and to mitigate the impact caused by the COVID-19 pandemic on the brand. These actions are substantially complete and have primarily resulted in product returns and inventory write-offs. 
 PCBA Program Restructuring and Other Charges 
 
 Restructuring charges are comprised of the following: 
 
 Employee-Related Costs Employee-related costs are primarily comprised of severance and other post-employment benefit costs, calculated based on salary levels, prior service and other statutory minimum benefits, if applicable. 

F-35 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2023 Cumulative through June 30, 2023 
 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2023 ) Cumulative through June 30, 2023 
 (1) Asset-related costs include fiscal 2021 goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges of million and million, respectively, relating to the exit of the global distribution of BECCA products. 
 Cash payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash asset write-offs ) ) Balance at June 30, 2021 Charges Cash payments ) ) ) Non-cash asset write-offs ) ) Translation and other adjustments ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 Charges ) Cash payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash asset write-offs ) ) Translation and other adjustments ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 Accrued restructuring charges at June 30, 2023 relating to the PCBA Program are expected to result in cash expenditures funded from cash provided by operations of approximately million, million, and million for each of fiscal 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. 
 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 9 
 
 Foreign State and local Deferred: Federal ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Earnings before income taxes include amounts contributed by the Company s foreign operations of million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A portion of these earnings is taxed in the United States. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. federal government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, with tax provisions primarily focused on implementing a 1 excise tax on share repurchases and a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax based on global adjusted financial statement income. The excise tax was effective beginning with the Company s third quarter of fiscal 2023 and did not have an impact on the Company s results of operations or financial position. The corporate alternative minimum tax will be effective beginning with the Company's first quarter of fiscal 2024. The Company continues to monitor developments and evaluate projected impacts, if any, of this provision to its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 On July 20, 2020, the U.S. government released final and proposed regulations under the global intangible low-taxed income GILTI provisions of the TCJA that provide for a high-tax exception to the GILTI tax. These regulations are retroactive to the original enactment of the GILTI tax provision, commencing with the Company's 2019 fiscal year. The Company has elected to apply the GILTI high-tax exception beginning with fiscal 2019 through 2022, and intends to make the election for fiscal 2023. 
 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Increase (decrease) due to: State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Stock-based compensation arrangements excess tax benefits, net ) ) ) Previously held equity method investment gain - DECIEM (1) 
 ) GILTI - High-Tax Exception election (adjustment for prior years) ) Taxation of foreign operations Income tax reserve adjustments ) ) Nondeductible goodwill impairment charges Other, net ) Effective tax rate (2) 
 
 (1) Included in Other income, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 
 
 Income tax reserve adjustments represent changes in the Company s net liability for unrecognized tax benefits related to prior-year tax positions including the impact of tax settlements and lapses of the applicable statutes of limitations. 
 All excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based compensation awards are recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the consolidated statements of earnings. The Company recognized million, million and million of excess tax benefits, net as a reduction to the provision for income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company has million of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries as of June 30, 2023. Included in this amount is million of earnings considered permanently reinvested and for which no deferred income taxes have been provided. If these reinvested earnings were repatriated into the United States as dividends, the Company would be subject to approximately million in taxes, primarily related to foreign withholding taxes as well as additional state and local income taxes. The Company historically had not provided for deferred income taxes on the undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries as they were considered indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, in connection with a planned change in the Company's legal entity structure that exempts foreign withholding tax on certain undistributed earnings, the Company changed its assertion regarding its ability and intent to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries and determined that million of undistributed earnings of such foreign subsidiaries are no longer considered indefinitely reinvested. The federal, state, local and foreign deferred income tax impact of this change is not material. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Inventory obsolescence and other inventory related reserves Retirement benefit obligations Various accruals not currently deductible Net operating loss, credit and other carryforwards Unrecognized state tax benefits and accrued interest Lease liabilities Research-related expenses Other differences between tax and financial statement values Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed assets and intangibles ) ) ROU assets ) ) Partnership interest in DECIEM ) ) Other differences between tax and financial statement values ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had net deferred tax assets of million, of which million is included in Other assets and million is included in Other noncurrent liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of June 30, 2022, the Company had net deferred tax assets of million, of which million is included in Other assets and million is included in Other noncurrent liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, certain subsidiaries had million and million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards, respectively, the tax effect of which was million and million, respectively, as well as U.S. federal tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. With the exception of million of net operating losses with an indefinite carryforward period as of June 30, 2023, these net operating loss carryforwards expire at various dates through fiscal 2043. The tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2031. 
 
 The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, principally against certain net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance has been provided for those deferred tax assets for which, in the opinion of management, it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of million, million, and million, respectively. At June 30, 2023, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate was million. 
 
 The Company classifies applicable interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the provision for income taxes. The total gross accrued interest and penalty expense recorded during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings was million, million and million, respectively. The total gross accrued interest and penalties in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2023 and 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Gross amounts of increases as a result of tax positions taken during a prior period Gross amounts of decreases as a result of tax positions taken during a prior period ) ) ) Gross amounts of increases as a result of tax positions taken during the current period Amounts of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits relating to settlements with taxing authorities 
 ) ) ) Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits as a result of a lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations 
 ) ) ) End of year balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits 
 
 Earnings from the Company s global operations are subject to tax in various jurisdictions both within and outside the United States. The Company participates in the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS Compliance Assurance Program CAP ). The objective of CAP is to reduce taxpayer burden and uncertainty while assuring the IRS of the accuracy of income tax returns prior to filing, thereby reducing or eliminating the need for post-filing examinations. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the IRS completed its examination procedures with respect to fiscal 2022 under the IRS CAP. There was no impact to the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company expects to receive formal notification of the conclusion of the IRS CAP process for fiscal 2022 during fiscal 2024. As of June 30, 2023, the compliance process was ongoing with respect to fiscal 2023. 
 
 The Company is currently undergoing income tax examinations and controversies in several state, local and foreign jurisdictions. These matters are in various stages of completion and involve complex multi-jurisdictional issues common among multinational enterprises, including transfer pricing, which may require an extended period of time for resolution. 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company concluded various state, local and foreign income tax audits and examinations while several other matters, including those noted above, were initiated or remained pending. On the basis of the information available in this regard as of June 30, 2023, the Company does not expect significant changes to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company is also subject to income tax examinations in numerous other state, local and foreign jurisdictions. The Company believes that its tax reserves are adequate for all years subject to examination. 

NOTE 10 
 
 Accrued sales incentives Deferred revenue Other 
 
 At June 30, 2023 and 2022, total Other noncurrent liabilities of million and million included million and million of deferred tax liabilities, respectively. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 11 
 Senior Notes, due May 15, 2053 ("2053 Senior Notes") 
 Senior Notes, due December 1, 2049 2049 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due March 15, 2047 2047 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due June 15, 2045 2045 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due August 15, 2042 2042 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due May 15, 2037 2037 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due October 15, 2033 October 2033 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due May 15, 2033 ("May 2033 Senior Notes") 
 Senior Notes, due March 15, 2031 2031 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due April 15, 2030 ("2030 Senior Notes") 
 Senior Notes, due December 1, 2029 2029 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due May 15, 2028 ("2028 Senior Notes") 
 Senior Notes, due March 15, 2027 2027 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due December 1, 2024 2024 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes, due August 15, 2022 2022 Senior Notes 
 Commercial paper (1) 
 Other long-term borrowings Other current borrowings Revolving credit facility Less current debt including current maturities ) ) (1) Consists of million principal and unamortized debt discount of million. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) ) May 15/November 15 2049 Senior Notes November 2019 ) ) June 1/December 1 2047 Senior Notes (1) 
 February 2017 ) ) March 15/September 15 2045 Senior Notes (2) 
 June 2015 ) ) June 15/December 15 2045 Senior Notes (2) 
 May 2016 ) June 15/December 15 2042 Senior Notes August 2012 ) ) February 15/August 15 2037 Senior Notes (3) 
 May 2007 ) ) May 15/November 15 October 2033 Senior Notes (4) 
 September 2003 ) ) April 15/October 15 May 2033 Senior Notes (9) 
 May 2023 ) ) May 15/November 15 2031 Senior Notes (5),(7) 
 March 2021 ) ) ) March 15/September 15 2030 Senior Notes (7) 
 April 2020 ) ) ) April 15/October 15 2029 Senior Notes (8) 
 November 2019 ) ) June 1/December 1 2028 Senior Notes May 2023 ) ) May 15/November 15 2027 Senior Notes (6) 
 February 2017 ) March 15/September 15 2024 Senior Notes November 2019 ) ) June 1/December 1 
 (1) In November 2016, in anticipation of the issuance of the 2047 Senior Notes, the Company entered into a series of treasury lock agreements on a notional amount totaling million at a weighted-average all-in rate of . The treasury lock agreements were settled upon the issuance of the new debt, and the Company recognized a gain in OCI of million that is being amortized against interest expense over the life of the 2047 Senior Notes. As a result of the treasury lock agreements, the debt discount and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the 2047 Senior Notes will be over the life of the debt. 
 (2) In April and May 2015, in anticipation of the issuance of the 2045 Senior Notes in June 2015, the Company entered into a series of forward-starting interest rate swap agreements on a notional amount totaling million at a weighted-average all-in rate of . The forward-starting interest rate swap agreements were settled upon the issuance of the new debt and the Company recognized a gain in OCI of million that will be amortized against interest expense over the life of the 2045 Senior Notes. As a result of the forward-starting interest rate swap agreements, the debt discount and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the 2045 Senior Notes will be over the life of the debt. In May 2016, the Company reopened this offering with the same terms and issued an additional million for an aggregate amount outstanding of million of 2045 Senior Notes. 
 (3) In April 2007, in anticipation of the issuance of the 2037 Senior Notes, the Company entered into a series of forward-starting interest rate swap agreements on a notional amount totaling million at a weighted-average all-in rate of . The forward-starting interest rate swap agreements were settled upon the issuance of the new debt and the Company recognized a loss in OCI of million that is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2037 Senior Notes. As a result of the forward-starting interest rate swap agreements, the debt discount and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the 2037 Senior Notes will be over the life of the debt. 
 (4) In May 2003, in anticipation of the issuance of the 2033 Senior Notes, the Company entered into a series of treasury lock agreements on a notional amount totaling million at a weighted-average all-in rate of . The treasury lock agreements were settled upon the issuance of the new debt and the Company received a payment of million that is being amortized against interest expense over the life of the 2033 Senior Notes. As a result of the treasury lock agreements, the debt discount and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the 2033 Senior Notes will be over the life of the debt. 
 (5) In March 2020, in anticipation of the issuance of the 2031 Senior Notes, the Company entered into a series of treasury lock agreements on a notional amount totaling million at a weighted-average all-in rate of . The treasury lock agreements were settled upon the issuance of the new debt, and the Company recognized a gain in OCI of million that is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2031 Senior Notes. As a result of the treasury lock agreements, as well as the debt discount and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the 2031 Senior Notes will be over the life of the debt. 
 (6) In November 2016, in anticipation of the issuance of the 2027 Senior Notes, the Company entered into a series of treasury lock agreements on a notional amount totaling million at a weighted-average all-in rate of . The treasury lock agreements were settled upon the issuance of the new debt, and the Company recognized a gain in OCI of million that is being amortized against interest expense over the life of the 2027 Senior Notes. As a result of the treasury lock agreements, the debt discount and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the 2027 Senior Notes will be over the life of the debt. 
 (7) The Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with a notional amount totaling million and million to effectively convert the fixed rate interest on its outstanding 2030 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes to variable interest rates based on LIBOR plus a margin. 
 (8) In April and May 2019, in anticipation of the issuance of the 2029 Senior Notes, the Company entered into a series of treasury lock agreements on a notional amount totaling million at a weighted-average all-in rate of . The treasury lock agreements were settled upon the issuance of the new debt, and the Company recognized a loss in OCI of million that is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2029 Senior Notes. As a result of the treasury lock agreements, as well as the debt discount and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the 2029 Senior Notes will be over the life of the debt. 

F-44 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million at a weighted-average all-in rate of . The treasury lock agreements were settled upon the issuance of the new debt, and the Company recognized a loss in OCI of million that is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the May 2033 Senior Notes. As a result of the treasury lock agreements, as well as the debt discount and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the May 2033 Senior Notes will be over the life of the debt. 
 (10) The Senior Notes contain certain customary covenants, including limitations on indebtedness secured by liens. 

In January 2023, the Company entered into a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the 364-Day Facility to support the Company's commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes, including to finance the Company's fiscal 2023 fourth quarter TOM FORD Acquisition. In January 2023, in connection with the 364-Day Facility, the Company increased its commercial paper program under which it may issue commercial paper in the United States from million to million. 
 In May 2023, the Company completed a public offering of million, consisting of million aggregate principal amount of its 2028 Senior Notes, million aggregate principal amount of its May 2033 Senior Notes and million aggregate principal amount of its 2053 Senior Notes. The Company used proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including to repay outstanding commercial paper as it matured. 
 In June 2023, the Company decreased the size of its commercial paper program to million and terminated the undrawn million 364-Day Facility. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and August 11, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, outstanding under its commercial paper program, which may be refinanced on a periodic basis as it matures at the then-prevailing market interest rates. Proceeds from issuance of commercial paper with maturities greater than 90 days were million during fiscal 2023. On August 14, 2023, the Company issued an additional million of commercial paper under its commercial paper program. 
 On August 15, 2022, the Company repaid the outstanding principal balance of its million Senior Notes with cash from operations. 
 In October 2021, the Company replaced its million senior unsecured revolving credit facility that was set to expire in October 2023 with a new million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the New Facility ). The New Facility expires on October 22, 2026 unless extended for up to two additional years in accordance with the terms set forth in the agreement. Up to the equivalent of million of the New Facility is available for multi-currency loans. Interest rates on borrowings under the New Facility will be based on prevailing market interest rates in accordance with the agreement. The costs incurred to establish the New Facility were not material. The New Facility has an annual fee of approximately million, payable quarterly, based on the Company s current credit ratings. The New Facility contains a cross-default provision whereby a failure to pay other material financial obligations in excess of million (after grace periods and absent a waiver from the lenders) would result in an event of default and the acceleration of the maturity of any outstanding debt under this facility. The New Facility may be increased, at the election of the Company, by up to million in accordance with the terms set forth in the agreement. At June 30, 2023, borrowings were outstanding under the New Facility. 
 The Company maintains uncommitted credit facilities in various regions throughout the world. Interest rate terms for these facilities vary by region and reflect prevailing market rates for companies with strong credit ratings. During fiscal 2023 and 2022, the average amount outstanding was approximately million and million, respectively, and the annualized weighted-average interest rate incurred was approximately and , respectively. 
 Refer to Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies for the Company s projected debt service payments, as of June 30, 2023, over the next five fiscal years. 

F-45 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 12 
 million. The Company does not utilize derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Costs associated with entering into derivative financial instruments have not been material to the Company s consolidated financial results. 
 
 For each derivative contract entered into, where the Company looks to obtain hedge accounting treatment, the Company formally and contemporaneously documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged, and how the hedging instruments effectiveness in offsetting the hedged risk will be assessed prospectively and retrospectively. This process includes linking all derivatives to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. At inception, the Company evaluates the effectiveness of hedge relationships quantitatively, and has elected to perform, after initial evaluation, qualitative effectiveness assessments of certain hedge relationships to support an ongoing expectation of high effectiveness, if effectiveness testing is required. If based on the qualitative assessment, it is determined that a derivative has ceased to be a highly effective hedge, the Company will perform a quantitative assessment to determine whether to discontinue hedge accounting with respect to that derivative prospectively. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Other accrued liabilities Cross-currency swap contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other accrued liabilities Net investment hedges Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other accrued liabilities Interest rate-related derivatives Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other accrued liabilities Total Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other accrued liabilities Total derivatives 
 (1) See Note 13 Fair Value Measurements for further information about how the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities are determined. 
 
 Net sales Interest rate-related derivatives Interest expense ) ) Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationships (2) : 
 Foreign currency forward contracts (3) 
 ) Total derivatives 
 (1) The amount reclassified into earnings as a result of the discontinuance of cash flow hedges because probable forecasted transactions will no longer occur by the end of the original time period was not material. 
 (2) During fiscal 2023 and 2022 the gain recognized in earnings from net investment hedges related to the amount excluded from effectiveness testing was million and million, respectively. 
 (3) Included within translation adjustments as a component of AOCI on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest rate swap contracts (2) 
 Interest expense ) ) 
 (1) Changes in the fair value representing hedge components included in the assessment of effectiveness of the cross-currency swap contracts are exactly offset by the change in the fair value of the underlying intercompany foreign currency denominated debt. The gain recognized in earnings from cross-currency swap contracts related to the amount excluded from effectiveness testing was million. 
 (2) Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements are exactly offset by the change in the fair value of the underlying long-term debt. 
 ) Intercompany debt 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging relationships: Gain (loss) on fair value hedge relationships interest rate contracts: Hedged item N/A N/A N/A N/A Derivatives designated as hedging instruments N/A N/A ) N/A N/A ) Gain (loss) on fair value hedge relationships cross-currency swap contracts: Hedged item N/A ) N/A N/A N/A Derivatives designated as hedging instruments N/A N/A N/A N/A Loss on cash flow hedge relationships interest rate contracts: Amount of loss reclassified from AOCI into earnings N/A N/A ) N/A N/A ) Gain on cash flow hedge relationships foreign currency forward contracts: Amount of gain reclassified from AOCI into earnings N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 N/A (Not applicable)) ) 

F-49 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts, and may enter into foreign currency option contracts, to hedge anticipated transactions and receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies, for periods consistent with the Company s identified exposures. The purpose of the hedging activities is to minimize the effect of foreign exchange rate movements on the cash flows that the Company receives from foreign subsidiaries. The foreign currency forward contracts entered into to hedge anticipated transactions have been designated as cash flow hedges and have varying maturities through the end of March 2025. Hedge effectiveness of the foreign currency forward contracts is based on the forward method, which includes time value in the effectiveness assessment. At June 30, 2023, the Company had cash flow hedges outstanding with a notional amount totaling million. 
 The Company may enter into interest rate forward contracts to hedge anticipated issuance of debt for periods consistent with the Company s identified exposures. The purpose of the hedging activities is to minimize the effect of interest rate movements on the cost of debt issuance. 
 For foreign currency hedge contracts that are no longer deemed highly effective, hedge accounting is discontinued and gains and losses in AOCI are reclassified to Net sales when the underlying forecasted transaction occurs. If it is probable that the forecasted transaction will no longer occur, then any gains or losses in AOCI are reclassified to current-period Net sales. As of June 30, 2023, the Company s foreign currency cash flow hedges were highly effective. 
 The estimated net gain on the Company s derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges as of June 30, 2023 that is expected to be reclassified from AOCI into earnings, net of tax, within the next twelve months is million. The accumulated net gain on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges in AOCI was million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 
 The Company enters into interest rate derivative contracts to manage the exposure to interest rate fluctuations on its funded indebtedness. At June 30, 2023, the Company has interest rate swap agreements, with notional amounts totaling million and million to effectively convert the fixed rate interest on its 2030 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes, respectively, to variable interest rates based on LIBOR plus a margin. These interest rate swap agreements are designated as fair value hedges of the related long-term debt, and the changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements are exactly offset by the change in the fair value of the underlying long-term debt. 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, to hedge the impact of foreign currency changes on certain intercompany foreign currency denominated debt. The cross-currency swap contracts are designated as fair value hedges of the related intercompany debt, and the gains and losses representing hedge components included in the assessment of effectiveness are presented in the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized over the life of the hedge on a systematic and rational basis. The earnings recognition of excluded components is presented in the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. Any difference between the changes in the fair value of the excluded components and amounts recognized in earnings will be recognized in AOCI. 
 
 The estimated net gain on the Company s derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges as of June 30, 2023 that is expected to be reclassified from AOCI into earnings, net of tax, within the next twelve months is million. The accumulated net loss on derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges in AOCI was million as of June 30, 2023. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 
 The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts, designated as net investment hedges, to hedge a portion of its net investment in certain foreign operations. The net gain or loss on these contracts is recorded within translation adjustments, as a component of AOCI on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The purpose of the hedging activities is to minimize the effect of foreign exchange rate movements on the Company s net investment in these foreign operations. The net investment hedge contracts have varying maturities through the end of November 2023. Hedge effectiveness of the net investment hedge contracts is based on the spot method. At June 30, 2023, the Company had net investment hedges outstanding with a notional amount totaling million. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 As a matter of policy, the Company enters into derivative contracts only with counterparties that have a long-term credit rating of at least A- or higher by at least nationally recognized rating agencies. The counterparties to these contracts are major financial institutions. Exposure to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by any of the counterparties is limited to the gross fair value of contracts in asset positions, which totaled million at June 30, 2023. To manage this risk, the Company has strict counterparty credit guidelines that are continually monitored. Accordingly, management believes risk of loss under these hedging contracts is remote. 

F-51 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 13 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Cross-currency swap contracts Total Liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts Interest rate-related derivatives DECIEM stock options Total 

F-52 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Foreign currency forward contracts Interest rate-related derivatives Total Liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts Interest rate-related derivatives DECIEM stock options Total 
 
 Current and long-term debt DECIEM stock options Deferred consideration payable Derivatives Cross-currency swap contracts - asset, net Foreign currency forward contracts asset, net Interest rate-related derivatives liability, net ) ) ) ) 
 
 November 30, 2022 Too Faced November 30, 2022 Smashbox December 31, 2022 Total 
 (1) See Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for discussion of the valuation techniques used to measure fair value, the description of the inputs and information used to develop those inputs. 

F-53 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March 31, 2022 Dr.Jart+ February 28, 2022 April 1, 2022 Total 
 (1) See Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for discussion of the valuation techniques used to measure fair value, the description of the inputs and information used to develop those inputs. 
 
 Fiscal 2021 
 (In millions) Impairment Charges Date of Fair Value Measurement Fair Value (1) 
 Goodwill GLAMGLOW November 30, 2020 BECCA (2) 
 February 28, 2021 Other June 30, 2021 Total Other intangible assets, net (trademark and customer lists) GLAMGLOW November 30, 2020 April 1, 2021 BECCA (2) 
 February 28, 2021 Smashbox April 1, 2021 Total Long-lived assets March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 Total 
 (1) See Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for discussion of the valuation techniques used to measure fair value, the description of the inputs and information used to develop those inputs. 
 (2) See Note 8 Charges Associated with Restructuring and Other Activities for further information relating to goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges recorded in connection with the exit of the global distribution of BECCA products. 
 
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Company s financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value: 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents Cash and all highly-liquid securities with original maturities of three months or less are classified as cash and cash equivalents, primarily consisting of cash deposits in interest bearing accounts, time deposits and money market funds (classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy). Cash deposits in interest bearing accounts and time deposits are carried at cost, which approximates fair value, due to the short maturity of cash equivalent instruments. 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts The fair values of the Company s foreign currency forward contracts were determined using an industry-standard valuation model, which is based on an income approach. The significant observable inputs to the model, such as swap yield curves and currency spot and forward rates, were obtained from an independent pricing service. To determine the fair value of contracts under the model, the difference between the contract price and the current forward rate was discounted using LIBOR for contracts with maturities up to months, and swap yield curves for contracts with maturities greater than months. 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Changes in fair value, net of foreign currency remeasurements (1) 
 Translation adjustments and other, net DECIEM stock option liability as of June 30, 2023 
 (1) Amount inc ludes expense attributable to graded vesting of stock opt ions which is not material for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 14 
 
 million and million as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Payment terms are short-term in nature and are generally less than one year. 
 
 Provision (adjustment) for expected credit losses ) Write-offs, net other ) Allowance for credit losses, end of period 
 The remaining balance of the allowance for doubtful accounts and customer deductions of million and million, as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, relates to non-credit losses, which are primarily due to customer deductions. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Revenue recognized that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period ) ) Revenue deferred during the period Other ) Deferred revenue, end of period 
 
 The increase in Revenue deferred during the period from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 is driven by the Marcolin licensing arrangement, which consists of a million non-refundable upfront payment which is classified as deferred revenue within Other accrued liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The upfront payment will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic life of the license, which is years. The Company s deferred revenue balance related to the Marcolin licensing arrangement was million at June 30, 2023. 
 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 At June 30, 2023, the combined estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the next related to performance obligations for customer loyalty programs, gift with purchase promotions, purchase with purchase promotions, gift card liabilities, and the Marcolin license arrangement that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) is million. The remaining balance of deferred revenue at June 30, 2023 will be recognized beyond the next . 

F-56 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter 
 
 The royalty revenue associated with the TOM FORD Acquisition will be included within the The Americas region and within the other product category. 

NOTE 15 
 F-57 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Service cost Interest cost Plan participant contributions Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate impact ) ) ) ) Benefits, expenses, taxes and premiums paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Plan amendments Settlements ) ) Special termination benefits Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate impact ) ) Employer contributions Plan participant contributions Settlements ) ) Benefits, expenses, taxes and premiums paid from plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the Balance Sheet consist of: Other assets Other accrued liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Funded status ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) 
 For fiscal 2023, the million actuarial gain relating to the U.S. pension plans was primarily due to the increase in the weighted average discount rate relating to the Retirement Growth Account Plan and the Restoration Plan from to and to , respectively. 
 
 For fiscal 2023, the million actuarial gain relating to the International pension plans was primarily due to the increase in the weighted average discount rate from to . 
 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million actuarial gain relating to the U.S. pension plans was primarily due to the increase in the weighted average discount rate relating to the Retirement Growth Account Plan and the Restoration Plan from to and to , respectively. 
 
 For fiscal 2022, the million actuarial gain relating to the International pension plans was primarily due to the increase in the weighted average discount rate from to . 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of: Actuarial loss ) Prior service cost ) ) ) Settlements Special termination benefits Net periodic benefit cost Assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at June 30 (1) : 
 Discount rate 

0 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A N/A N/A Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the year ended June 30 (2) : 
 Discount rate 

Expected return on assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at June 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 a. Discount rate - (U.S.), (International) and (Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) 
 b. Rate of compensation increase - - , graded (U.S.), (International) and N/A (Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) 
 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at June 30, 2022 were as follows: 
 a. Discount rate - (U.S.), (International) and (Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) 
 b. Rate of compensation increase - - , graded (U.S.), (International) and N/A (Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) 
 (2) The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the year ended June 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 a. Discount rate - (U.S.), (International) and (Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) 
 b. Expected return on assets - (U.S.), (International) and N/A (Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) 
 c. Rate of compensation increase - - , graded (U.S.), (International) and N/A (Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) 
 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the year ended June 30, 2022 were as follows: 
 a. Discount rate - (U.S.), (International) and (Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) 
 b. Expected return on assets - (U.S. and Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) and (International) 
 c. Rate of compensation increase - - , graded (U.S.), (International) and N/A (Other than Pension Plans, Post-retirement) 

F-59 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 and as of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. The assumed weighted-average health care cost trend rate for the coming year is while the weighted-average ultimate trend rate of is expected to be reached in approximately years to years. 
 
 ) ) Actuarial losses recognized Amortization and settlements included in net periodic benefit cost ) ) Translation adjustments Net actuarial losses (gains), end of year ) Net prior service cost, beginning of year ) ) Amortization included in net periodic benefit cost Net prior service cost, end of year ) Total amounts recognized in AOCI ) 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 International pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of the plans assets had aggregate projected benefit obligations of million and million and aggregate fair value of plan assets of million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. International pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of the plans assets had aggregate accumulated benefit obligations of million and million and aggregate fair value of plan assets of million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 F-60 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Expected benefit payments for year ending June 30, 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Years 2029 2033 
 
 Plan Assets 
 The Company s investment strategy for its pension and post-retirement plan assets is to maintain a diversified portfolio of asset classes with the primary goal of meeting long-term cash requirements as they become due. Assets are primarily invested in diversified funds that hold equity or debt securities to maintain the security of the funds while maximizing the returns within each plan s investment policy. The investment policy for each plan specifies the type of investment vehicles appropriate for the plan, asset allocation guidelines, criteria for selection of investment managers and procedures to monitor overall investment performance, as well as investment manager performance. 
 
 Debt securities Other 
 
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for plan assets measured at fair value: 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and all highly-liquid securities with original maturities of three months or less are classified as cash and cash equivalents, primarily consisting of cash deposits in interest bearing accounts, time deposits and money market funds. These assets are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 Short-term investment funds The fair values are determined using the Net Asset Value NAV provided by the administrator of the fund when the Company has the ability to redeem the assets at the measurement date. These assets are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. For some assets the Company is utilizing the NAV as a practical expedient and those investments are not included in the valuation hierarchy. 
 Government and agency securities The fair values are determined using third-party pricing services using market prices or prices derived from observable market inputs such as benchmark curves, broker/dealer quotes, and other industry and economic factors. These investments are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 F-61 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 to days. There are no unfunded commitments related to these investments. 
 Insurance contracts The fair values are based on negotiated value and the underlying investments held in separate account portfolios, as well as the consideration of the creditworthiness of the issuer. The underlying investments are primarily government, asset-backed and fixed income securities. Insurance contracts are generally classified as Level 3 as there are no quoted prices or other observable inputs for pricing. 
 Interests in limited partnerships and hedge fund investments The fair values are determined using the NAV provided by the administrator as a practical expedient, and therefore these investments are not included in the valuation hierarchy. These investments have monthly and quarterly redemption frequencies with redemption notice periods ranging from to days. Unfunded commitments related to these investments are de minimis. 
 Short-term investment funds Government and agency securities Commingled funds Insurance contracts Interests in limited partnerships and hedge fund investments Total 
 
 The following table presents the fair values of the Company s pension and post-retirement plan assets by asset category as of June 30, 2022: 
 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Measured at NAV Total Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investment funds Government and agency securities Commingled funds Insurance contracts Interests in limited partnerships and hedge fund investments Total 
 F-62 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Actual return on plan assets: Relating to assets still held at the reporting date ) ) Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net ) Foreign exchange impact ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 401(k) Savings Plan (U.S.) 
 The Company s 401(k) Savings Plan Savings Plan is a contributory defined contribution plan covering substantially all regular U.S. employees who have completed the hours and service requirements, as defined by the plan document. Regular full-time employees are eligible to participate in the Savings Plan following their date of hire. The Savings Plan is subject to the applicable provisions of ERISA. The Company matches a portion of the participant s contributions after of service under a predetermined formula based on the participant s contribution level. The Company s contributions were million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock are not an investment option in the Savings Plan and the Company does not use such shares to match participants contributions. 
 Deferred Compensation 
 The Company has agreements with certain employees and outside directors who defer compensation. The Company accrues for such compensation, and either interest thereon or for the change in the value of cash units. The amounts included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets under these plans were million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The expense (benefit) for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was ) million, ) million and million, respectively. 

F-63 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 16 
 
 Unconditional purchase obligations (2) 
 Gross unrecognized tax benefits and interest current (3) 
 Transition Tax payable (4) 
 Total contractual obligations (5) 
 
 (1) Includes long-term and current debt and the related projected interest costs. Refer to Note 7 Leases for information regarding future minimum lease payments relating to the Company s finance leases. Interest costs on long-term and current debt in fiscal 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028 and thereafter are projected to be million, million, million, million, million and million, respectively. Projected interest costs on variable rate instruments were calculated using market rates at June 30, 2023. 
 (2) Unconditional purchase obligations primarily include: inventory commitments, deferred consideration, capital expenditure commitments, information technology contract commitments, royalty payments pursuant to license agreements and advertising commitments. Future royalty and advertising commitments were estimated based on planned future sales for the term that was in effect at June 30, 2023, without consideration for potential renewal periods. 
 (3) Refer to Note 9 Income Taxes for information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. As of June 30, 2023, the noncurrent portion of the Company s unrecognized tax benefits, including related accrued interest and penalties, was million. At this time, the settlement period for the noncurrent portion of the unrecognized tax benefits, including related accrued interest and penalties, cannot be determined and therefore was not included. 
 (4) The Transition Tax may be paid over an period and this amount represents the remaining liability as of June 30, 2023. 
 (5) Refer to Note 7 Leases for information regarding future minimum lease payments relating to the Company s operating leases. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is involved, from time to time, in litigation and other legal proceedings incidental to its business, including product liability matters (including asbestos-related claims), advertising, regulatory, employment, intellectual property, real estate, environmental, trade relations, tax, and privacy. Management believes that the outcome of current litigation and legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect upon the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, management s assessment of the Company s current litigation and other legal proceedings could change in light of the discovery of facts with respect to legal actions or other proceedings pending against the Company not presently known to the Company or determinations by judges, juries or other finders of fact which are not in accord with management s evaluation of the possible liability or outcome of such litigation or proceedings. Reasonably possible losses in addition to the amounts accrued for such litigation and legal proceedings are not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-64 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 17 
 
 million shares of Class A Common Stock, par value per share, and million shares of Class B Common Stock, par value per share. Class B Common Stock is convertible into Class A Common Stock, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder, on the basis of one share of Class A Common Stock for each share of Class B Common Stock converted. Holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote per share and holders of the Company s Class B Common Stock are entitled to votes per share. 
 Acquisition of treasury stock ) Conversion of Class B to Class A ) Stock-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2021 Acquisition of treasury stock ) Conversion of Class B to Class A ) Stock-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2022 Acquisition of treasury stock ) Conversion of Class B to Class A Stock-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2023 
 
 The Company is authorized by the Board of Directors to repurchase Class A Common Stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, depending on market conditions and other factors. As of June 30, 2023, the remaining authorized share repurchase balance was million shares. 
 
 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 15, 2022 February 1, 2023 February 28, 2023 March 15, 2023 May 2, 2023 May 31, 2023 June 15, 2023 
 
 On August 17, 2023, a dividend was declared in the amount of per share on the Company's Class A and Class B Common Stock. The dividend is payable in cash on September 15, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on August 31, 2023. 
 
 F-65 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 18 
 
 active equity compensation plans which include the Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (the Fiscal 2002 Plan and the Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (collectively, the Plans ). These Plans currently provide for the issuance of approximately million shares of Class A Common Stock, which consist of shares originally provided for and shares transferred to the Fiscal 2002 Plan from other inactive plans and employment agreements, to be granted in the form of stock-based awards to key employees and non-employee directors of the Company. As of June 30, 2023, approximately million shares of Class A Common Stock were reserved and available to be granted pursuant to these Plans. The Company may satisfy the obligation of its stock-based compensation awards with either new or treasury shares. The Company s equity compensation awards include stock options, restricted stock units RSUs ), performance share units PSUs ), long-term PSUs, including long-term price-vested units PVUs ), and share units. 
 Income tax benefit 
 (1) Excludes compensation expense relating to liability-classified awards, including DECIEM stock options discussed below. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock-based awards was million and the related weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized is approximately . 
 
 Stock Options 
 Granted at fair value Exercised ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 Vested and expected to vest at June 30, 2023 
 Exercisable at June 30, 2023 
 
 (1) The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option. 
 
 F-66 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 from the date of grant. Stock option grants to individuals generally become exercisable in substantively equal tranches over a service period of up to . The Company attributes the value of option awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was, in substance, multiple awards. 
 
 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised 
 
 Weighted-average expected option life years years years Average risk-free interest rate Average dividend yield 
 
 The Company uses a weighted-average expected stock-price volatility assumption that is a combination of both current and historical implied volatilities of the underlying stock. The implied volatilities were obtained from publicly available data sources. For the weighted-average expected option life assumption, the Company considers the exercise behavior for past grants and models the pattern of aggregate exercises. The average risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury strip rate for the expected term of the options and the average dividend yield is based on historical experience. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company granted RSUs in respect of approximately million shares of Class A Common Stock during fiscal 2023 with a weighted-average grant date fair value per share of that, at the time of grant, are scheduled to vest as follows: million in fiscal 2024, million in fiscal 2025 and million in fiscal 2026. Vesting of RSUs granted is generally subject to the continued employment or the retirement of the grantees. The RSUs are generally accompanied by dividend equivalent rights, payable upon settlement of the RSUs either in cash or shares (based on the terms of the particular award) and, as such, were generally valued at the closing market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the date of grant. 
 Granted Dividend equivalents Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at June 30, 2023 
 
 F-67 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million shares of Class A Common Stock with a weighted-average grant date fair value per share of , which will be settled in stock subject to the achievement of the Company s net sales, diluted net earnings per common share and return on invested capital goals for the three fiscal years ending June 30, 2025, all subject to continued employment or the retirement of the grantees. For PSUs granted, no settlement will occur for results below the applicable minimum threshold. PSUs are accompanied by dividend equivalent rights that will be payable in cash upon settlement of the PSUs and, as such, were valued at the closing market value of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the date of grant. 
 
 In September 2022, approximately million shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock were issued, and related accrued dividends were paid, relative to the target goals set at the time of the issuance, in settlement of million PSUs with a performance period ended June 30, 2022. 
 Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at June 30, 2023 (1) 

million PSUs with a performance period ended June 30, 2023 expected to be issued in August 2023. 
 
 Long-term Performance Share Units 
 
 During September 2015, the Company granted PSUs to the Company's Chief Executive Officer CEO with an aggregate target payout of shares (in tranches of approximately each) of the Company s Class A Common Stock, generally subject to continued employment through the end of relative performance periods, which ended June 30, 2018, 2019, and 2020. Since the Company achieved positive Net Earnings, as defined in the PSU award agreement, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, performance and vesting of each tranche was based on the Company achieving positive Cumulative Operating Income, as defined in the PSU award agreement, during the relative performance period. Payment with respect to a tranche was made on the third anniversary of the last day of the respective performance period. The PSUs are accompanied by dividend equivalent rights that was payable in cash at the same time as the payment of shares of Class A Common Stock. The grant date fair value of these PSUs of million was estimated using the closing stock price of the Company s Class A Common Stock as of September 4, 2015, the date of grant. As of June 30, 2023, all shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock were issued, and the related dividends paid, in accordance with the terms of the grant, related to the performance periods ended June 30, 2018, 2019, and 2020. 
 
 In February 2018, the Company granted to the Company's CEO PSUs with an aggregate payout of shares (in tranches of shares each) of the Company s Class A Common Stock, generally subject to continued employment through the end of the respective performance periods ending June 30, 2021 and 2022. No portion of the award will generally vest unless the Company has achieved positive Cumulative Operating Income, as defined in the performance share unit award agreement, during the relevant performance period. Settlement, if any, with respect to both tranches will be made on September 3, 2024. The PSUs are accompanied by dividend equivalent rights that will be payable in cash at the same time as any payment of shares of Class A Common Stock. The grant date fair value of these PSUs of million was estimated using the closing stock price of the Company s Class A Common Stock as of the date of grant. Since the Company achieved positive Cumulative Operating Income, as defined in the PSU award agreement, and since the executive completed the requisite service, shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock are anticipated to be issued, and the related dividends to be paid, in accordance with the terms of the grant on September 3, 2024. 
 F-68 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock, to incentivize him to continue serving through at least June 30, 2024. Generally, no portion of this award will vest unless the Company has achieved positive Cumulative Operating Income, as defined in the performance share unit award agreement, during the relevant performance period, and delivery of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, if any, will be made on September 2, 2025. The PSUs are accompanied by dividend equivalent rights that will be payable in cash at the same time as any delivery of shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock. The aggregate grant date fair value of the PSUs of approximately million was estimated using the closing stock price of the Company's Class A Common Stock on the date of grant. 
 Long-term Price-Vested Units 
 In March 2021, the Company granted to the Company s CEO PVUs with an aggregate payout of shares, divided into three tranches, of the Company's Class A Common Stock, to incentivize him to continue serving through at least June 30, 2024. Generally, no portion of this award will vest unless the Company has achieved positive Cumulative Operating Income, as defined in the price-vested unit award agreement, during the relevant performance period. In addition, the vesting of each tranche is contingent upon the Company s achievement of the respective stock price goal, which means that the average closing price per share of the Company s Class A Common Stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange be at or above the applicable stock price goal (noted in the table below) for consecutive trading days during the applicable performance period. 
 March 11, 2021 - June 30, 2024 March 11, 2021 - June 30, 2024 July 1, 2021 - June 30, 2025 September 2, 2025 Second tranche March 11, 2021 - June 30, 2024 March 11, 2021 - June 30, 2024 July 1, 2021 - June 30, 2025 September 2, 2025 Third tranche March 11, 2021 - June 30, 2024 March 11, 2021 - June 30, 2024 July 1, 2021 - June 30, 2025 September 2, 2025 Total shares 
 The Stock Price Goals (per Share) were all achieved during fiscal 2022 but delivery of the shares are still subject to achievement of the Cumulative Operating Income goal and other terms and conditions in accordance with the terms of the award agreement . 
 Generally, delivery of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, if any, will be made on September 2, 2025. The PVUs are accompanied by dividend equivalent rights that will be payable in cash at the same time as any delivery of shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock. The aggregate grant date fair value of the PVUs of approximately million was estimated using the Monte Carlo Method, which requires certain assumptions. 
 Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Expected term years 
 
 F-69 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Granted Dividend equivalents Converted ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 
 Cash Units 
 Certain non-employee directors defer cash compensation in the form of cash payout share units, which are not subject to the Plans. These share units are classified as liabilities and, as such, their fair value is adjusted to reflect the current market value of the Company s Class A Common Stock. The Company recorded ) million, ) million and million as compensation expense (income) to reflect additional deferrals and the change in the market value for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 DECIEM Stock Options 
 
 As a result of the fiscal 2021 acquisition of additional shares of DECIEM, the Company has a stock option plan relating to its majority-owned subsidiary DECIEM DECIEM Stock Option Plan ). The DECIEM stock options were issued in replacement of and exchange for certain vested and unvested DECIEM employee stock options previously issued by DECIEM. The DECIEM stock options are subject to the terms and conditions of the DECIEM 2021 Stock Option Plan. As of June 30, 2023, all post-combination options were vested. 
 
 The DECIEM stock options are liability-classified awards as they are expected to be settled in cash and are remeasured to fair value at each reporting date through date of settlement. Total stock-based compensation expense is attributable to the exchange or replacement of and the remaining requisite service period of stock options. The total stock option expense (income) , net of foreign currency remeasurements, for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was million and ) million, respectively and the total stock option expense from the date of acquisition to June 30, 2021 was million. There is no related income tax benefit on the DECIEM stock-based compensation expense. There were DECIEM stock options exercised during the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 F-70 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Granted at fair value Exercised Expired Forfeited Outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 Vested at June 30, 2023 
 Exercisable at June 30, 2023 
 
 (1) The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option. 
 
 Stock options granted to individuals under the DECIEM Stock Option Plan vested between to tranches over a service period of up to and as of June 30, 2023, all post-combination options were vested. The Company attributed the value of option awards under the DECIEM Stock Option Plan on a graded vesting basis where awards vested at specified rates over a specified period. 
 
 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised 

F-71 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, were reported as part of the total consideration transferred. The DECIEM stock options are reported as a stock option liability of million in Other accrued liabilities and million in Other noncurrent liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Term to mid of last twelve-month period years years years Operating leverage adjustment Net sales discount rate EBITDA discount rate EBITDA volatility Net sales volatility 

NOTE 19 
 
 Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Effect of dilutive stock options Effect of PSUs Effect of RSUs Weighted-average common shares outstanding Diluted Net earnings attributable to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. per common share: Basic Diluted 

F-72 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 RSUs and PSUs 
 As of June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, million shares, million shares and million shares at target, respectively, of Class A Common Stock underlying PSUs have been excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because the number of shares ultimately issued is contingent on the achievement of certain performance targets of the Company, as discussed in Note 18 Stock Programs . 
 
 F-73 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 20 
 ) Gain (loss) on derivative instruments (1) 
 ) Benefit (provision) for deferred income taxes ) ) Reclassification to earnings during the year: Foreign currency forward contracts (2) 
 ) ) Interest rate-related derivatives (3) 
 Cross-currency swap contracts (1)(4) 
 ) Benefit (provision) for deferred income taxes on reclassification (5) 
 ) Net derivative instruments, end of year ) Net pension and post-retirement adjustments, beginning of year ) ) ) Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations: Net actuarial gains (losses) recognized ) Prior service credit recognized ) ) Translation adjustments ) Benefit (provision) for deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization and settlements included in net periodic benefit cost (6) : 
 Net actuarial losses Net prior service cost ) ) ) Settlements Provision for deferred income taxes on reclassification (5) 
 ) ) Net pension and post-retirement adjustments, end of year ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustments, beginning of year ) ) ) Reclassification to earnings during the year ) Translation adjustments (7) 
 ) ) Benefit (provision) for deferred income taxes ) Cumulative translation adjustments, end of year ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes the gain recognized in AOCI from cross-currency swap contracts which represents the amount excluded from effectiveness testing. 
 (2) Amounts recorded in Net Sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. 
 (3) Amounts recorded in Interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. 
 (4) Amounts recorded in Selling, general and administrative in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. 
 (5) Amounts recorded in Provision for income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. 
 (6) See Note 15 Pension, Deferred Compensation and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans for additional information . 
 (7) See Note 12 Derivative Financial Instruments for gains (losses) relating to net investment hedges. 
 F-74 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 21 
 Cash paid during the year for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Capitalized interest and asset retirement obligations incurred Deferred consideration payable Property, plant and equipment accrued but unpaid 

NOTE 22 
 
 business segment, beauty products, management also evaluates performance on a product category basis. While the Company s results of operations are also reviewed on a consolidated basis, the Chief Executive reviews data segmented on a basis that facilitates comparison to industry statistics. Accordingly, net sales, depreciation and amortization, and operating income are available with respect to the manufacture and distribution of skin care, makeup, fragrance, hair care and other products. These product categories meet the definition of operating segments and, accordingly, additional financial data are provided below. The other segment includes the sales and related results of ancillary products and services that do not fit the definition of skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care, including royalty revenue associated with the license of the TOM FORD trademark as discussed in Note 14 - Revenue Recognition . Product category performance is measured based upon net sales before returns associated with restructuring and other activities, and earnings before income taxes, other components of net periodic benefit cost, interest expense, interest income and investment income, net, other income, net and charges associated with restructuring and other activities. Returns and charges associated with restructuring and other activities are not allocated to the Company's product categories or geographic regions because they are centrally directed and controlled, are not included in internal measures of product category or geographic region performance and result from activities that are deemed Company-wide initiatives to redesign, resize and reorganize select areas of the business. 
 
 The accounting policies for the Company s reportable segments are substantially the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies, except for depreciation and amortization charges, which are allocated, primarily, based upon net sales. The assets and liabilities of the Company are managed centrally and are reported internally in the same manner as the consolidated financial statements; thus, no additional information is produced for the Chief Executive or included herein. 
 F-75 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Makeup Fragrance Hair Care Other Returns associated with restructuring and other activities ) ) ) Net sales Depreciation and amortization: Skin Care Makeup Fragrance Hair Care Other Operating income (loss) before charges associated with restructuring and other activities: Skin Care Makeup ) ) Fragrance Hair Care ) ) ) Other ) Reconciliation: Charges associated with restructuring and other activities ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income and investment income, net Other components of net periodic benefit cost ) Other income, net Earnings before income taxes 
 
 F-76 

Table of Contents 
 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Europe, the Middle East Africa Asia/Pacific Returns associated with restructuring and other activities ) ) ) Net sales Operating income (loss): The Americas ) Europe, the Middle East Africa Asia/Pacific Charges associated with restructuring and other activities ) ) ) Operating income Total assets: The Americas Europe, the Middle East Africa Asia/Pacific Long-lived assets (2) : 
 The Americas Europe, the Middle East Africa Asia/Pacific 
 (1) The net sales from the Company s travel retail business are included in the Europe, the Middle East Africa region, with the exception of net sales of Dr.Jart+ in the travel retail channel that are reflected in Korea in the Asia/Pacific region. Operating income attributable to the travel retail sales included in Europe, the Middle East Africa is included in that region and in The Americas. 
 (2) Includes property, plant and equipment, net and operating lease ROU assets. 
 
 Net sales are predominantly attributed to a country within a geographic region based on the location of the customer. The Company is domiciled in the United States. Net sales in the United States, including net sales from travel retail locations, in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 were million, million and million, respectively. Net sales in mainland China, as well as net sales from travel retail locations, in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 were approximately , and of consolidated net sales, respectively. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, net sales in Korea, including net sales from travel retail locations, were approximately and , respectively, and no other country represented greater than 10 of the Company s consolidated net sales. 
 The Company s long-lived assets in the United States at June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 F-77 

Table of Contents 

 (b) Year ended June 30, 2022 (b) Year ended June 30, 2021 ) (b) Deferred tax valuation allowance: Year ended June 30, 2023 Year ended June 30, 2022 Year ended June 30, 2021 
 (a) For the year ended June 30, 2021, Charged to Other Accounts includes the impact of the fiscal 2021 adoption of ASC 326 of million, pre-tax. 
 (b) Includes amounts written-off, net of recoveries. 
 
 S-1 

Table of Contents 

 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated November 16, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 15, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 3.1a Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 3.2 Certificate of Retirement of 6.50 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2012) (SEC File No.1-14064). 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 4.2 Indenture, dated November 5, 1999, between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 4 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-85947) filed on November 5, 1999) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.3 Officers Certificate, dated September 29, 2003, defining certain terms of the 5.75 Senior Notes due 2033 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.4 Global Note for 5.75 Senior Notes due 2033 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.5 Officers Certificate, dated May 1, 2007, defining certain terms of the 6.000 Senior Notes due 2037 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2007) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.6 Global Note for 6.000 Senior Notes due 2037 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2007) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.7 Officers Certificate, dated August 2, 2012, defining certain terms of the 2.350 Senior Notes due 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.8 Global Note for the 2.350 Senior Notes due 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.9 Officers Certificate, dated August 2, 2012, defining certain terms of the 3.700 Senior Notes due 2042 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.10 Global Note for the 3.700 Senior Notes due 2042 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.11 Officers Certificate, dated June 4, 2015, defining certain terms of the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.12 Global Note for the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.13 Officers Certificate, dated May 10, 2016, defining certain terms of the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2016) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.14 Global Note for the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2045 (filed as Exhibit B in Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2016) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.15 Officers Certificate, dated February 9, 2017, defining certain terms of the 3.150 Senior Notes due 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.16 Form of Global Note for the 3.150 Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.17 Officers Certificate, dated February 9, 2017, defining certain terms of the 4.150 Senior Notes due 2047 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.18 Form of Global Note for the 4.150 Senior Notes due 2047 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 4.19 Officers Certificate, dated November 21, 2019, defining certain terms of the 2.000 Senior Notes due 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.20 Form of Global Note for the 2.000 Senior Notes due 2024 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.21 Officers Certificate, dated November 21, 2019, defining certain terms of the 2.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.22 Form of Global Note for the 2.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.23 Officers Certificate, dated November 21, 2019, defining certain terms of the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2049 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.24 Form of Global Note for the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2049 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.25 Officers Certificate, dated April 13, 2020, defining certain terms of the 2.600 Senior Notes due 2030 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.26 Form of Global Note for the 2.600 Senior Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.27 Officers Certificate, dated March 4, 2021, defining certain terms of the 1.950 Senior Notes due 2031 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.28 Form of Global Note for the 1.950 Senior Notes due 2031 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.29 Officers Certificate, dated May 12, 2023, defining certain terms of the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2028 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.30 Form of Global Note for the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2028 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.31 Officers Certificate, dated May 12, 2023, defining certain terms of the 4.650 Senior Notes due 2033 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.32 Form of Global Note for the 4.650 Senior Notes due 2033 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.33 Officers Certificate, dated May 12, 2023, defining certain terms of the 5.150 Senior Notes due 2053 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 4.34 Form of Global Note for the 5.150 Senior Notes due 2053 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.1 Stockholders Agreement, dated November 22, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 15, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.1a Amendment No. 1 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 1996) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.1b Amendment No. 2 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 1997) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.1c Amendment No. 3 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 1997) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.1d Amendment No. 4 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1d to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 18, 2000) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.1e Amendment No. 5 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1e to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2002) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.1f Amendment No. 6 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 27, 2005) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.1g Amendment No. 7 to Stockholders Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2009) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 22, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 15, 2003) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.2a First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement (originally filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 10, 1996) (re-filed as Exhibit 10.2a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.2b Second Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 1997) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.2c Third Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2c to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2001) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.2d Fourth Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 29, 2004) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.3 The Estee Lauder Companies Retirement Growth Account Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2019, as further amended through January 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 3, 2022) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.3a Amendment to amended and restated The Estee Lauder Companies Retirement Growth Account Plan, effective as of May 31, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 on our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2022) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.3b The Estee Lauder Companies Retirement Growth Account Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.4 The Estee Lauder Inc. Retirement Benefits Restoration Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.5 Executive Annual Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2013) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.5a Executive Annual Incentive Plan (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.6 Employment Agreement with Tracey T. Travis (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.7 Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2001) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.7a Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.8a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2002) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.7b Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2005) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.7c Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 5, 2009) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.7d Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2009) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.7e Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.7f Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.7f to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.7g Amendment to Employment Agreement with Leonard A. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.8 Employment Agreement with William P. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.8a Amendment to Employment Agreement with William P. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2013) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.9 Employment Agreement with Fabrizio Freda (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.9a Amendment to Employment Agreement with Fabrizio Freda and Stock Option Agreements (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2013) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.10 Employment Agreement with Jane Hertzmark Hudis (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2022) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.11 Employment Agreement with Jane Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2023) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.12 Employment Agreement with Peter Jueptner (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.13 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement (interest-based) with Outside Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2001) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.13a Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement (interest-based) with Outside Directors (including Election Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.12a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2018) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.14 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement (stock-based) with Outside Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 17, 2001) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.14a Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement (stock-based) with Outside Directors (including Election Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.13a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2018) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.15 The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on November 9, 2007) (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 9, 2007) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.15a The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as amended on July 14, 2011) (filed as exhibit 10.15a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 22, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.15b The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.15c The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as of November 1, 2017) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.15d The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as of August 22, 2019) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.15e The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (as of July 13, 2021) (filed as Exhibit 10.15e to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.16 Summary of Compensation For Non-Employee Directors of the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2013) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.16a Summary of Compensation For Non-Employee Directors of the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.16b Summary of Compensation For Non-Employee Directors of the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.16b to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.17 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Annual Stock Option Grants under Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 9, 2007) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.17a Form of Stock Option Agreement for Annual Stock Option Grants under the Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18 The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 17, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.18a The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18b The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.16b to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18c The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18d Form of Stock Option Agreement under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2012) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18e Form of Stock Option Agreement under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.16y to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2014) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18f Form of Stock Option Agreement with Fabrizio Freda under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.16z to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2014) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18g Form of Stock Option Agreement under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.16m to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2017) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18h Form of Stock Option Agreement under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.17l to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 23, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18i Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with Fabrizio Freda under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18j Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with Fabrizio Freda (2018) under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2018) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18k Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for Employees including Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18l Price-Vested Unit Award Agreement with Fabrizio Freda under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18m Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with Fabrizio Freda under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18n Form of Non-annual Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.18s to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021 (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18o Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for Employees including Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.18t to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18p Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.18bb to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 28, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.18q Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Employees other than Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) (filed as Exhibit 10.18cc to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 28, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.18r Form of Non-annual Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan (including Form of Notice of Grant) filed as Exhibit 10.18dd to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 28, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.19 2.5 Billion Credit Facility, dated as of October 22, 2021, among The Est e Lauder Companies Inc., the Eligible Subsidiaries of the Company, as defined therein, the lenders listed therein, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.20 Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, among Estee Lauder Inc., Melville Management Corp., Leonard A. Lauder, and William P. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.20a Agreement of Sublease, dated May 18, 2022, between Editions de Parfums LLC, Sublandlord and Melville Management Corporation, Subtenant (filed as Exhibit 10.21a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2022) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.21 Services Agreement, dated November 22, 1995, between Estee Lauder Inc. and RSL Investment Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.22 Agreement of Sublease and Guarantee of Sublease, dated April 1, 2005, among Aramis Inc., RSL Management Corp., and Ronald S. Lauder (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.22a First Amendment to Sublease, dated February 28, 2007, between Aramis Inc. and RSL Management Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.22b Second Amendment to Sublease, dated January 27, 2010, between Aramis Inc. and RSL Management Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.22c Third Amendment to Sublease, dated November 3, 2010, between Aramis Inc., and RSL Management Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.22d Fourth Amendment to Sublease, dated March 4, 2020, between Aramis Inc. and RSL Management Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2020) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.23 Form of Art Loan Agreement between Lender and Estee Lauder Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2010) (SEC file No. 1-14064). 
 10.24 Creative Consultant Agreement, dated April 6, 2011, between Estee Lauder Inc. and Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.24a First Amendment to Creative Consultant Agreement between Estee Lauder Inc. and Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer dated October 28, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.23a to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2015) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.24b Second Amendment to Creative Consultant Agreement between Estee Lauder Inc. and Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer effective July 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.23b to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2016) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.24c Third Amendment to Creative Consultant Agreement between Estee Lauder Inc. and Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer effective July 1, 2021(filed as Exhibit 10.24c to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2021) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.25 License Agreement, dated April 6, 2011, by and among Aerin LLC, Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer and Estee Lauder Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2011) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.25a First Amendment to the April 6, 2011 License Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, by and among Aerin LLC, Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer and Estee Lauder Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 10.25b Second Amendment to the April 6, 2011 License Agreement, dated February 22, 2019, by and among Aerin LLC, Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer and Estee Lauder Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2019) (SEC File No. 1-14064). 
 21.1 List of significant subsidiaries. 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney. 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CEO). 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CFO). 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CEO). (furnished) 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CFO). (furnished) 
 101.1 The following materials from The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 are formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 The cover page from The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 is formatted in iXBRL 
 
 ____________________ 
 Incorporated herein by reference. 
 Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 a41descriptionofsecurities.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 As of the date of our annual report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is part, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc., a Delaware corporation, had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Class A Common Stock, par value .01 per share (the Class A Common Stock ). The following summary includes a brief description of the Class A Common Stock, as well as certain related additional information. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to we, us, our and the Company refer to The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. 
 General 
 Pursuant to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), the total number of shares of capital stock that the Company has authority to issue is 1,624,000,000 shares consisting of (i) 1,300,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock (ii) 304,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value .01 per share (the Class B Common Stock and (iii) 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value .01 per share (the Preferred Stock ), issuable in one or more series. The number of authorized shares of any class or classes of capital stock of the Company may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL or any corresponding provision hereinafter enacted. The Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall hereinafter collectively be referred to as Common Stock. 
 Common Stock 
 The shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are identical in all respects, except for voting rights, certain conversion rights and transfer restrictions in respect of the shares of the Class B Common Stock, as described below. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each share of Class A Common Stock entitles the holder to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders and each share of Class B Common Stock entitles the holder to ten votes on each such matter, including the election of directors. There is no cumulative voting. Except as required by applicable law, holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. With respect to certain corporate changes, such as liquidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of our assets, holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class, and the approval of 75 of the outstanding voting power is required to authorize or approve such transactions. Any action that can be taken at a meeting of the stockholders may be taken by written consent in lieu of the meeting if we receive consents signed by stockholders having the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to approve the action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote on the matter were present. This could permit the holders of Class B Common Stock to take all actions required to be taken by the stockholders without providing the other stockholders the opportunity to make nominations or raise other matters at a meeting. The right to take action by less than unanimous written consent expires at such time as there are no shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding. 

Dividend Rights 
 Holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends at the same rate if, as and when such dividends are declared by our Board of Directors out of assets legally available therefor after payment of dividends required to be paid on shares of preferred stock, if any. If a dividend or distribution payable in shares of Class A Common Stock is made on the Class A Common Stock, we must also make a pro rata and simultaneous dividend or distribution on the Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class B Common Stock. Conversely, if a dividend or distribution payable in shares of Class B Common Stock is made on the Class B Common Stock, we must also make a pro rata and simultaneous dividend or distribution on the Class A Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 Restrictions on Transfer 
 If a holder of Class B Common Stock transfers such shares, whether by sale, assignment, gift, bequest, appointment or otherwise, to a person other than a Lauder Family Member (as defined below), such shares will be converted automatically into shares of Class A Common Stock. In the case of a pledge of shares of Class B Common Stock to a financial institution, such shares will not be deemed to be transferred unless and until a foreclosure occurs. 
 As used herein, the term Lauder Family Members includes only the following persons (i) the estate of Mrs. Estee Lauder (ii) each descendant of Mrs. Estee Lauder (a Lauder Descendant and their respective estates, guardians, conservators or committees (iii) each Family Controlled Entity (as defined below) and (iv) the trustees, in their respective capacities as such, of each Family Controlled Trust (as defined below). The term Family Controlled Entity means (i) any not-for-profit corporation if at least 80 of its board of directors is composed of Lauder Descendants (ii) any other corporation if at least 80 of the value of its outstanding equity is owned by Lauder Family Members (iii) any partnership if at least 80 of the value of its partnership interests is owned by Lauder Family Members and (iv) any limited liability or similar company if at least 80 of the value of the company is owned by Lauder Family Members. The term Family Controlled Trust includes certain trusts existing on November 16, 1995 and trusts the primary beneficiaries of which are Lauder Descendants, spouses of Lauder Descendants and or charitable organizations, provided that if the trust is a wholly charitable trust, at least 80 of the trustees of such trust consist of Lauder Descendants. 
 Conversion 
 Class A Common Stock has no conversion rights. Class B Common Stock is convertible into Class A Common Stock, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder, on the basis of one share of Class A Common Stock for each share of Class B Common Stock converted. In the event of a transfer of shares of Class B Common Stock to any person other than a Lauder Family Member, each share of Class B Common Stock so transferred automatically will be converted into one share of Class A Common Stock. Each share of Class B Common Stock will also automatically convert into one share of Class A Common Stock if, on the record date for any meeting of the stockholders, the number of shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding is less than 10 of the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock then outstanding. 
 Liquidation 
 In the event of liquidation, after payment of our debts and other liabilities and after making provision for the holders of Preferred Stock, if any, our remaining assets will be distributable ratably among the holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock treated as a single class. 

Preemptive and Other Rights 
 The holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are not entitled to preemptive rights. Neither the Class A Common Stock nor the Class B Common Stock may be subdivided or combined in any manner unless the other class is subdivided or combined in the same proportion. 
 Mergers and Other Business Combinations 
 Upon a merger or consolidation, holders of each class of Common Stock are entitled to receive equal per share payments or distributions, except that in any transaction in which shares of capital stock are distributed, such shares may differ as to voting rights to the extent and only to the extent that the voting rights of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock differ at that time. We may not dispose of all or any substantial part of our assets to, or merge or consolidate with, any person, entity or group (as defined in Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act), which beneficially owns in the aggregate ten percent or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (a Related Person without the affirmative vote of the holders, other than such Related Person, of not less than 75 of the voting power of outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock voting as a single class. For the sole purpose of determining the 75 vote, a Related Person will also include the seller or sellers from whom the Related Person acquired, during the preceding six months, at least five percent of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock in a single transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to one or more agreements or other arrangements (and not through a brokers transaction) but only if such seller or sellers have beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock having a fair market value in excess of 10 million in the aggregate following such disposition to such Related Person. This 75 voting requirement is not applicable, however, if (i) the proposed transaction is approved by a vote of not less than a majority of our Board of Directors who are neither affiliated nor associated with the Related Person (or the seller of shares to the Related Person as described above) or (ii) in the case of a transaction pursuant to which the holders of common stock are entitled to receive cash, property, securities or other consideration, the cash or fair market value of the property, securities or other consideration to be received per share in such transaction is not less than the higher of (A) the highest price per share paid by the Related Person for any of its holdings of Common Stock within the two-year period immediately prior to the announcement of the proposed transaction or (B) the highest closing sale price during the 30-day period immediately preceding such date or during the 30-day period immediately preceding the date on which the Related Person became a Related Person, whichever is higher. 
 Certain Other Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws 
 The Certificate of Incorporation and or the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (the Bylaws ), include the following provisions, not previously discussed above, that may have an effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company 
 our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving for a staggered three-year term 
 our directors may only be removed with cause 
 vacancies on our Board of Directors, and any newly created directorship resulting by reason of any increase in the number of directors may be filled only by a majority of remaining directors then in office however, if not so filled, any such vacancy shall be filled by our stockholders at the next annual meeting or at a special meeting called for that purpose 
 our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholders to submit proposed nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors and other proposals for business to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders 
 special meetings of our stockholders can only be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, our Chief Executive Officer, or by our Board of Directors 
 our Board of Directors may issue shares of Preferred Stock, with designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors, subject to, in certain circumstances, the approval of the holders of at least 75 of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock and 

an affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 75 of the voting power of all shares of capital stock of the Company then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class, is required to amend our Bylaws and certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation. 
 The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. For additional information we encourage you to read the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, as well as the Stockholders Agreement, dated November 22, 1995, among the Company and certain of the Lauder Family Members (and amendments thereto), and the Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 22, 1995, among the Company, certain Lauder Family Members and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York (and amendments thereto), all of which are exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K and applicable provisions of the DGCL, including Section 203. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.5A>
 3
 a105a_telci-executiveannua.htm
 EX-10.5A

Document 

Exhibit 10.5a 

THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 EXECUTIVE ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (adopted August 14, 2023) 
 
 1. PURPOSE. 
 
 The principal purposes of The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Plan (the Plan are to provide incentives and rewards to the Executive Officers of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. (the Company and to assist the Company in motivating them to achieve the Company s annual performance goals. 
 
 2. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN. 
 
 The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board from among its members (or such other Committee as may be appointed by the Board) (the Committee ). 
 
 The Committee shall have all the powers vested in it by the terms of this Plan, such powers to include authority (within the limitations described herein) to select the persons to be granted opportunities under the Plan, to determine the time when opportunities will be granted, to determine whether objectives and conditions for achieving an opportunity have been met, to determine whether opportunities will be paid out at the end of the opportunity period or deferred, to determine whether an opportunity or payout of an opportunity should be reduced or eliminated, and to determine whether to adjust performance targets. 
 
 The Committee shall have full power and authority to administer and interpret the Plan and to adopt such rules, regulations, agreements, guidelines and instruments for the administration of the Plan and for the conduct of its business as the Committee deems necessary or advisable. The Committee s interpretations of the Plan in its sole discretion, and all actions taken and determinations made by the Committee pursuant to the powers vested in it hereunder, shall be conclusive and binding on all parties concerned, including the Company, its stockholders and any person granted an opportunity under the Plan. 
 
 The Committee may delegate all or a portion of its administrative duties under the Plan to such officers or other employees of the Company as it shall determine provided, however, that no delegation shall be made regarding the selection of Executive Officers of the Company who shall be granted opportunities under the Plan, the amount and timing thereof, or the objectives and conditions pertaining thereto. 
 
 3. ELIGIBILITY. 
 
 The Committee, in its discretion, may grant opportunities to Executive Officers for each fiscal year of the Company as it shall determine. For purposes of the Plan, Executive Officers 
 1 

shall be defined as those persons who shall be denoted as such from time to time by the Company in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or those persons as determined by the Board from time to time. Executive Officers granted opportunities for a fiscal year of the Company are referred to as participants for such fiscal year. 
 
 4. OPPORTUNITIES. 
 
 (a) Setting of Opportunities . For each fiscal year of the Company commencing with the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, each participant shall be granted an opportunity (or opportunities) under the Plan as soon as practicable after the start of such fiscal year. If a participant becomes eligible for a bonus opportunity after the start of the fiscal year, such officer may be granted an opportunity after becoming eligible, as determined by the Committee in its discretion. If a participant is hired on or after April 1 st , the participant may become eligible for a bonus opportunity the next fiscal year that begins on July 1 st following the participant s commencement date, as determined by the Committee in its discretion. 
 
 (b) Performance Targets . For each fiscal year of the Company commencing with the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023, the annual performance target(s) for each opportunity shall be approved by the Committee, reflected in writing or in Committee minutes or resolutions, and each such performance target shall state, the method for computing the amount of compensation payable to the applicable participant if such performance target is attained. The annual performance target for each opportunity shall be based on the nature of the participant s role and amount of time in that role, achievement of hurdle rates, and targets and or growth in one or more business criteria that apply to the individual participant, one or more business units, or the Company as a whole. The business criteria may include as follows, individually or in combination (i) net earnings (ii) earnings per share (iii) net sales (iv) market share (v) net operating profit (vi) expense control (vii) return on invested capital ROIC (viii) operating margin (ix) return on equity (x) return on assets (xi) planning accuracy (as measured by comparing planned results to actual results) (xii) gross margin, (xiii) market price per share (xiv) total return to stockholders (xv) ESG measures and (xvi) any other measure determined by the Committee. In addition, the annual performance targets may include comparisons to performance at other companies, such performance to be measured by one or more of the foregoing business criteria. Furthermore, the measurement of performance against targets may exclude or adjust for the impact of certain events or occurrences including (i) asset impairments (ii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements (iii) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported results (iv) any reorganization and restructuring programs (v) the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles (vi) unusual or nonrecurring items as described in FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 225 (or any successor pronouncement thereto) and or in management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations appearing in the Company s reports for the applicable period (vii) acquisitions, divestitures or discontinued operations (viii) gains or losses on refinancing or extinguishment of debt (ix) changes in foreign currency translation exchange rates (x) a change in the Company s fiscal year (xi) significant changes in the number or type of 
 2 

shares outstanding (due to events such as stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and acquisitions involving the stock of the Company) (xii) any other specific unusual or nonrecurring events, or objectively determinable category thereof and (xiii) any other adjustments as determined by the Committee. 
 
 (c) Payout of Opportunities . As a condition to the right of a participant to receive a payout of an opportunity granted under this Plan, the Committee shall first be required to approve that the achievement of the opportunity has been accurately determined in accordance with the provisions of this Plan. Opportunities for a fiscal year shall be payable in cash (unless otherwise determined by the Committee) as soon as practicable following the approval thereof by the Committee for such fiscal year, but not later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the applicable fiscal year ends. 
 
 (d) Discretion . After an opportunity has been granted, in its discretion the Committee may modify the opportunity and the performance targets as it considers appropriate under the circumstances. Notwithstanding the attainment by the Company and a participant of the applicable targets, the Committee has the discretion, by participant, to reduce, some or all of an opportunity that otherwise would be paid. 
 
 (e) Deferral . The Committee may determine that the payout of an opportunity or a portion of an opportunity shall be deferred, the periods of such deferrals and any interest, not to exceed a reasonable rate, to be paid in respect of deferred payments. The Committee may also define such other conditions of payouts of opportunities as it may deem desirable in carrying out the purposes of the Plan. The Committee may also allow voluntary deferrals of amounts under this Plan in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 (f) Maximum Payout per Fiscal Year . No individual participant may receive aggregate opportunities or a payout under the Plan which are more than 10 million on account of any fiscal year. 
 
 (g) Recoupment Clawback. The payout of any opportunity granted under this Plan shall be subject to repayment (i.e., recoupment, recovery or clawback) to the Company by the participant pursuant to the Company s recoupment, recovery or clawback policy or policies in effect from time to time. 

5. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 
 
 In the event a participant s employment is terminated prior to the payout of an opportunity granted under this Plan, the following terms will apply (without duplication) and will supersede any conflicting provision in a participant s employment agreement). Any such payment will be subject to Section 6(h) of the Plan. 
 
 (a) Permanent Disability. In the event of the Permanent Disability (as defined in Appendix A) of a participant during their employment, the Company shall have the right, upon 
 3 

written notice to the participant, to terminate the participant s employment, effective upon the giving of such notice (or such later date as shall be specified in such notice). In the event of such termination, the participant shall be entitled to receive (i) payment of an opportunity under the Plan, if any, earned but not paid that relates to any fiscal year ended prior to the date of their termination of employment and, (ii) a Pro-Rata Portion (as defined below) of the payout under the Plan that the participant would have been entitled to receive had the participant remained in employment through the end of the fiscal year during which termination due to permanent disability occurred, based on the portion of the fiscal year that has elapsed prior to such termination, and paid in accordance with Section 4(c) hereof (provided, that such payment shall not be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the participant s date of termination and not later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the fiscal year to which the bonus relates ends). 
 
 (b) Death . In the event of the death of the participant during their employment, the participant s employment shall automatically terminate. In the event of such termination the Company shall pay or provide to the participant s beneficiary or legal representative (i) payment of an opportunity under the Plan, if any, earned but not paid that relates to any fiscal year ended prior to the date of death and, (ii) a Pro-Rata Portion of the payout under the Plan that the participant would have been entitled to receive had they remained in the employ of the Company through the end of the fiscal year during which termination due to their death occurred, based on the portion of the fiscal year that has elapsed prior to such termination and paid in accordance with Section 4(c) hereof (provided, that such payment shall not be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the participant s date of termination and not later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the fiscal year to which the bonus relates ends). 
 
 (c) Retirement . In the event that a participant elects to Retire, the participant shall be entitled to (i) receive payment of an opportunity under the Plan, if any, earned but not paid that relates to any fiscal year ended prior to the date of termination by Retirement and (ii) receive a Pro-Rata Portion of the payout under the Plan that the participant would have been entitled to receive had they remained in the employ of the Company through the end of the fiscal year during which termination due to Retirement occurred based on the portion of the fiscal year that has elapsed prior to such termination and paid in accordance with Section 4(c) hereof (provided, that such payment shall not be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the participant s date of termination and not later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the fiscal year to which the bonus relates ends). 
 
 (d) Termination Without Cause . In the event of a termination without Cause (as defined in Appendix A), the participant shall be entitled to (i) receive payment of an opportunity under the Plan, if any, earned but not paid that relates to any fiscal year ended prior to the date of termination without Cause and (ii) receive a Pro-Rata Portion of the payout under the Plan that the participant would have been entitled to receive had they remained in employment through the end of the fiscal year during which the termination without Cause occurred, based on the portion of the fiscal year that has elapsed prior to such termination and paid in accordance with Section 4(c) hereof (provided, that such payment shall not be made 
 4 

prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the participant s date of termination and not later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the fiscal year to which the bonus relates ends). A termination by a participant for either a Material Breach (as defined in Appendix A) or Good Reason (as defined in Appendix A) shall be considered a termination without Cause under the Plan. 
 
 (e) Cause . In the event of the termination of a participant s employment for Cause (as defined in Appendix A), the Company shall have no obligations to the participant under the Plan. 
 
 (f) Termination by Participant . In the event that a participant voluntarily terminates their employment with the Company for any reason other than those set forth above, the Company shall provide payment of an opportunity under the Plan, if any, earned but not paid that relates to any fiscal year ended prior to the date of such a termination by the participant, in accordance with the terms of this Plan, provided that the participant will not be eligible for any bonus in respect of a fiscal year if the participant s last day of employment is prior to June 30 th of such a fiscal year, except as where prohibited by law (provided, that such payment shall not be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the participant s date of termination and not later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the fiscal year to which the bonus relates ends). 
 
 (g) For the purposes of Sections 5(a) through 5(d), above, Pro-Rata Portion shall mean as follows 

i. If the last day worked is between July 1 and September 30, the participant will not receive any bonus payment ii. If the last day worked is between October 1 and March 31, the participant will receive a prorated bonus opportunity, which will based on performance against goals and the number of days worked during the fiscal year and, iii. If the last day worked is between April 1 and June 30, the participant will receive a full year bonus opportunity, which will be calculated based on performance against goals. 
 
 6. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS . 
 
 (a) Guidelines . The Committee may adopt from time to time written policies for its implementation of the Plan. 
 
 (b) Withholding Taxes . The Company shall have the right to deduct from all payouts of opportunities hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to such payouts. 
 
 (c) No Rights to Opportunities . Except as set forth herein, no participant shall have any claim or right to be granted an opportunity under the Plan. Neither the Plan nor any action taken 
 5 

hereunder shall be construed as giving any participant any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, divisions or affiliates. 
 
 (d) Costs and Expenses . The cost and expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and not charged to any opportunity or payout or to any Executive Officer receiving an opportunity or a payout. 
 
 (e) Funding of Plan . The Plan shall be unfunded. The Company shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund or to make any other segregation of assets to assure the payout of any opportunity under the Plan. 
 
 (f) Governing Law . The Plan, opportunities granted hereunder and actions taken in connection herewith shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under the applicable New York principles of conflict of laws). 
 
 (g) Section 409A . It is the intention that no payment or entitlement pursuant to this Plan will give rise to any adverse tax consequences to a participant under Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including that issued after the date hereof (collectively, Section 409A ). The Plan shall be interpreted to that end and, consistent with that objective and notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company may unilaterally take any action it deems necessary or desirable to amend any provision herein to avoid the application of an excise tax under Section 409A. Further, no effect shall be given to any provision herein in a manner that reasonably could be expected to give rise to adverse tax consequences under that provision. The Company shall from time to time compile a list of specified employees as defined in, and pursuant to, Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(i). Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if a participant is a specified employee on the date of termination, no payment of compensation under this Plan shall be made to a participant during the period lasting six (6) months from the date of termination (or, if earlier, the date of the participant's death) unless the Company determines that there is no reasonable basis for believing that making such payment would cause a participant to suffer any adverse tax consequences pursuant to Section 409A. If any payment to a participant is delayed pursuant to the foregoing sentence, such payment instead shall be made on the first business day following the expiration of the six-month period (or death) referred to in the prior sentence, unless specified otherwise in Section 6(g) hereof. Although the Company shall consult with a participant in good faith regarding implementation of this Section 6(g), neither the Company nor its employees or representatives shall have liability to a participant with respect to any additional taxes or amounts that a participant may be subject to in the event that any amounts under this Plan are determined to violate Code section 409A. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Plan providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits subject to Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, and for purposes of any such provision of this Plan, references to a resignation, termination, terminate, termination of employment or 
 6 

like terms shall mean separation from service. For purposes of Section 409A, a participant s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Plan shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. 
 
 (h) Release of Claims. As a condition precedent to the receipt of payments pursuant to Section 5, the participant, or, in the case of the participant's death or disability that prevents the participant from performing this obligation, the participant's personal representative or beneficiary, if applicable, will execute an effective (irrevocable) general release of claims (in a form satisfactory to the Company) against the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys and agents within sixty (60) days after termination of employment provided , however , that such effective release will not affect any right that the participant, or in the event of death, the participant's personal representative or beneficiary, otherwise has to any payment or benefit provided for in the participant's employment agreement (excluding provisions superseded by or conflicting with Section 5 of the Plan) or to any vested benefits the participant may have in any employee benefit plan of Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any right the participant has under any other agreement between the participant and the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that expressly states that the right survives the termination of the participant's employment. 
 
 (i) Conflicts. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision of this Plan and a term or provision of a participant's employment agreement, the applicable terms and provisions of this Plan will govern and prevail. 

7. EFFECTIVE DATE, AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION . 
 
 (a) Effective Date . The Plan shall be effective as of August 14, 2023, the date on which the Plan was adopted by the Committee (the Effective Date ). 
 
 (b) Amendments . The Committee may at any time terminate or from time to time amend the Plan in whole or in part, but no such action shall adversely affect any rights or obligations with respect to any opportunities theretofore granted under the Plan. 

7 

APPENDIX A DEFINITIONS 
 
 For purposes of this Plan, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth in the participant's employment agreement. If the participant does not have an employment agreement or the term (or like term) is not defined therein, the following definitions shall apply. 
 
 1. Cause means 
 
 (a) a material breach of, or the willful failure or refusal by a participant to perform and discharge a participant s duties or obligations (other than by reason of disability or death) that, if capable of correction, is not corrected within ten (10) business days following notice thereof to the participant by the Company, such notice to state with specificity the nature of the breach, failure or refusal 
 (b) willful misconduct by a participant, unrelated to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, that could reasonably be anticipated to have a material adverse effect on the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (the determination of Cause to be made by the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer in his her reasonable judgment) 
 (c) a participant s gross negligence, whether related or unrelated to the business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates which could reasonably be anticipated to have a material adverse effect on the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that, if capable of correction, is not corrected within ten (10) business days following notice thereof to the participant by the Company, such notice to state with specificity the nature of the conduct complained of (the determination of Cause to be made by the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer in his her reasonable judgment) 
 (d) a participant s failure to follow a material lawful directive of the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company that is within the scope of the participant s duties for a period of ten (10) business days after notice from the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company specifying the performance required 
 (e) any violation by a participant of a policy contained in the Code of Conduct of the Company (the determination of Cause to be made by the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer in his her reasonable judgment) 
 (f) drug or alcohol abuse by a participant that materially affects the participant s performance of the participant s duties or 
 (g) conviction of, or the entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere by a participant for, any felony. 
 
 2. Change of Control means any of the following events 
 
 (a) a change of control of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14(A) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or 
 (b) during any period of two (2) consecutive years, the individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Company s Board of Directors or any individuals who would be Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof or 
 (c) the Company s Class A Common Stock shall cease to be publicly traded or 
 8 

(d) the Company s Board of Directors shall approve a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, and such transaction shall have been consummated or 
 (e) the Company s Board of Directors shall approve any merger, exchange, consolidation, or like business combination or reorganization of the Company, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of any event described in Section 2(b) or 2(c) of this Appendix, and such transaction shall have been consummated 
 
 notwithstanding the foregoing, (X) changes in the relative beneficial ownership among members of the Lauder family and family-controlled entities shall not, by itself, constitute a Change of Control of the Company, (Y) any spin-off of a division or subsidiary of the Company to its stockholders shall not constitute a Change of Control of the Company. 
 
 3. Continuing Directors means (1) the directors in office on the date of a participant s entry to the Plan and (2) any successor to such directors and any additional director who after such date was nominated or selected by a majority of the Continuing Directors in office at the time of his or her nomination or selection. 
 
 4. Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following, without the express written consent of a participant, within two (2) years after the occurrence of a Change of Control 
 
 (a) (i) the assignment to a participant of any duties inconsistent in any material adverse respect with the participant s position, authority or responsibilities, or (ii) any other material adverse change in such position, including title, authority or responsibilities 
 (b) any failure by the Company to comply with any provisions of a participant s employment agreement, if any, regarding Cash Compensation, Equity-Based Compensation or Benefits or a material reduction of the overall amounts set by the Compensation Committee or the Stock Plan Subcommittee and in effect within twelve (12) months prior to the Change of Control, other than an insubstantial or inadvertent failure remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the participant 
 (c) the Company s requiring a participant to be based at any office or location more than fifty (50) miles from that location at which the participant performed their services immediately prior to the Change of Control, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the participant s responsibilities or 
 (d) any failure by the Company to obtain the assumption and agreement to perform a participant s employment agreement, if any, by a successor as contemplated by any such employment agreement, unless such assumption occurs by operation of law. 
 
 5. Permanent Disability means any disability as defined under the Company s applicable disability insurance policy or, if no such policy is available, any physical or mental disability or incapacity that renders a participant incapable of performing the services required of the participant in accordance with their obligations under their employment agreement, if any, for a period of six (6) consecutive months or for shorter periods aggregating six (6) months during any twelve-month period. 
 9 

6. Material Breach means (i) a material reduction in a participant s authority, functions, duties or responsibilities, (ii) a material reduction in a participant s total aggregate target compensation pursuant to the terms of their employment agreement, if any, but in no event if the reduction is occasioned as result of similar reductions to executive officers and or employees generally, or (iii) the Company's failure to pay any award that a participant is entitled to receive. 
 
 7. Retire or Retirement means if the participant formally retires under the terms of the Est e Lauder Inc. Retirement Growth Account Plan (or an affiliate or a successor plan or program of similar purpose). 

10 

</EX-10.5A>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 a1012_employmentagreementw.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

Exhibit 10.12 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT Agreement ), effective as of January 30, 2023 (the Agreement Date ), between THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and PETER JUEPTNER, a resident of New York, New York (the Executive or you ), 
 
 W I T N E S S E TH 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the business of manufacturing, marketing and selling skin care, makeup, fragrance, home, bath and body, and hair care products and related services (the Business and 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive are parties to an employment agreement dated as of January 5, 2009 and 
 WHEREAS, the Executive became an Executive Officer of the Company on July 1, 2022, with the title of Group President, International and, 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the services of the Executive as the Group President, International and or any subsequent title or role agreed upon by the parties, and the Executive desires to provide services in such capacity to the Company, upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Compensation Committee and the Stock Plan Subcommittee of the Compensation Committee have approved the terms of this Agreement on January 30, 2023 and 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and obligations hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Employment Term Effectiveness 
 
 The Company hereby agrees to continue to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to enter into employment, as Group President, International of the Company as of a January 30, 2023, subject to termination pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 The period from January 30, 2023 through the date of termination of Executive s employment with the Company shall be the Term of Employment . 
 
 2. Duties and Extent of Services. 
 
 (a) During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall serve as Group President, International of the Company and or its successors, reporting to the President and Chief Executive Officer. In such capacity, the Executive shall render such executive, managerial, administrative and other services as customarily are associated with and incident to such positions, and as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably require of the Executive consistent with such positions. 
 
 (b) The Executive shall also hold such other positions and executive offices of the Company and or of any of the Company s subsidiaries or affiliates as may from time to time be agreed by the Executive or assigned by the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors, provided 
 
 Page 1 

that each such position shall be commensurate with the Executive s standing in the business community as Group President, International. The Executive shall not be entitled to any compensation other than the compensation provided for herein for serving during the Term of Employment in any other office or position of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, unless the Board of Directors of the Company or the appropriate committee thereof shall specifically approve such additional compensation. 
 
 (c) The Executive shall be a full-time at will employee of the Company and shall exclusively devote all their business time and efforts faithfully and competently to the Company and shall diligently perform to the best of their ability all of the duties required of them as Group President, International and in the other positions or offices of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates assigned to their hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section, the Executive may serve as a non-management director of such business corporations (or in a like capacity in other for-profit or not-for-profit organizations) subject to the Company s Policy for employees serving on boards. 
 
 (d) The Executive shall comply with the Company's stock ownership guidelines applicable to the Executive as they may be implemented and or amended by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 3. Cash Compensation 
 
 (a) Base Salary. As compensation for all services to be rendered pursuant to this Agreement and as payment for the rights and interests granted by Executive hereunder, the Company shall pay or cause any of its subsidiaries to pay the Executive a base salary (the Base Salary during the Term of Employment subject to the provisions of this Agreement. Your annual Base Salary for the Fiscal Year 2023 (effective January 1, 2023) shall be 1,250,000 or the period from Start Date through the last day of the fiscal year in which the Start Date occurs (such fiscal year, the First Fiscal Year ), at which time the Base Salary will be reviewed. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all amounts of Base Salary provided for hereunder shall be periodically reviewed and, where appropriate in conjunction with the Company s compensation policies, adjusted and payable in accordance with the regular payroll policies of the Company in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Base Salary may not be reduced during the Term of Employment, except as otherwise agreed to by Executive or as a result of a proportionate, across-the-board reduction of base salaries payable to similarly situated executives at the Company. Executive s Base Salary shall be paid in equal installments according to the Company s normal payroll schedule and practices. 
 
 (b) Incentive Bonus Compensation. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s Executive Annual Incentive Plan or any subsequent Bonus Plan for executives that is approved by the stockholders of the Company (the Bonus Plan ), with aggregate target bonus opportunities to be reviewed by the Compensation Committee from time to time. The Executive s aggregate target bonus opportunity for the Fiscal Year 2023 (effective January 1, 2023) shall be equal to 1,350,000, prorated from a full year bonus opportunity of 1,600,000. Any target bonus opportunities granted to the Executive shall be reviewed for adjustment, as appropriate, but not set lower than 1,600,000 in accordance with regular policies of the Company in effect from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions of the Bonus Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference provided , however , that the bonus payout with respect to any fiscal year shall be paid to the Executive on or about the 15th day of the third month following the end of such fiscal year. In the event of any conflict(s) between the terms of the Bonus Plan and this Agreement, the Bonus Plan will control with respect to such conflict(s). 
 
 (c) Deferral . 
 
 (i) Deferral Elections In General . During the Term of Employment the 
 
 Page 2 

Executive may elect to defer payment of all or any part of any salary or incentive compensation payable under this Section by making an election, in a manner prescribed by the Company, on or before December 31 of the calendar year before the fiscal year begins (or such earlier date as may be necessary to comply with the applicable tax laws and regulations). 
 
 (ii) Deferral Elections Performance-Based Compensation . For any incentive bonus compensation that qualifies as performance-based compensation under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(e) and is based upon a performance period of at least twelve (12) months, the Executive may make a deferral election at any time before the date that is six (6) months before the applicable performance period ends, but only if (i) the incentive bonus compensation is not readily ascertainable when the election is made and (ii) the service provider has performed services continuously from the later of the beginning of the performance period or the date the performance criteria are established. 
 
 (iii) Credit on Amounts Deferred . Any amounts deferred by Executive will be credited to a bookkeeping account in the name of the Executive as of the date scheduled for payment (the Deferred Compensation Account ). The Deferred Compensation Account will be credited with interest as of each June 30 during the term of deferral, compounded annually, at an annual rate equal to the annual rate of interest announced by Citibank N.A. in New York, New York as its base rate in effect on such June 30, but limited to a maximum annual rate of 9 . 
 
 (iv) Payment of Amounts Deferred and Vested . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, amounts credited to the Executive s Deferred Compensation Account will be paid to the Executive (or the Executive s designated beneficiary if the Executive dies before payment), subject to applicable withholding taxes on, or as soon as practicable after, the date the Executive separates from service with the Company (as defined in Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-1(h)) but in no event later than the end of the calendar year in which Executive separates from service or, if later, the 15 th day of the third month following the date the Executive separates from service. The Company, in its sole discretion, may provide an investment facility for all or a portion of such deferred amounts, but is not required to do so. 
 
 4. Equity-Based Compensation 
 
 (a) General . During the Term of Employment the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan or such other share incentive plan that is approved by the stockholders of the Company (the Share Incentive Plan ). Any awards or opportunities granted to the Executive shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Share Incentive Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. The specific equity-based compensation awards shall be set forth in separate grant agreements approved by the Stock Plan Subcommittee of the Compensation Committee. 
 (b) Annual Awards . For the Fiscal Year 2024, the annual equity-based compensation award target opportunity under the Share Incentive Plan shall be of a value at the time of grant of no less than 3,000,000. Annual grants will be made based on the assessment of your performance (subject to the appropriate grant date approvals). Thereafter, the equity-based compensation target opportunity shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee for adjustment, as appropriate, in accordance with regular policies of the Company in effect from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions of the Share Incentive Plan. The number of underlying shares granted will be determined in accordance with procedures generally utilized by the Company for its financial reporting at the time of grant provided , however , at no time shall the aggregate grants during a fiscal year exceed or be in respect of more than the equivalent of 100,000 full-value shares of Class A Common Stock (not taking into account any stock splits or similar capitalization events). For purposes of this calculation, shares underlying performance share units and other performance-based awards shall be at target performance, which means that above-target performance payouts on performance share units or any other form of performance-based awards shall not 
 
 Page 3 

be subject to this limitation. 

(c) Certain Conditions . Executive acknowledges and agrees that any grant of equity-based compensation shall be effective as provided only to the extent permitted by the Share Incentive Plan, and this Agreement shall not obligate the Company to adopt any successor plan providing for the grant of equity-based compensation. If authority over the Company s equity compensation programs is changed from the Stock Plan Subcommittee to the Compensation Committee (or other committee), then after such change, references herein to the Stock Plan Subcommittee shall be to the appropriate committee. 
 
 5. Recoupment Policy. 
 Compensation paid to Executive, including certain incentive and equity compensation, shall be subject to any recoupment policy adopted by the Company as it exists from time to time. 
 
 6. Benefits . 
 
 (a) Standard Benefits . During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all pension and retirement savings, fringe benefit and welfare plans, including group term life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability, and vacation plans and programs maintained by the Company from time to time for employees. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall also be entitled to participate in additional benefits and programs as described in this Section for senior executives at a level commensurate with their position. The Executive acknowledges that participation in such programs may result in the receipt of additional taxable income. 
 
 (b) Perquisite Reimbursement Financial Counseling. During the Term of Employment, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the actual expenses incurred in connection with their professional standing, in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Company s Senior Executive Compensation Program Perquisite Plan and upon presentation of proper expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting information as the Company may reasonably require of the Executive. Such reimbursement shall generally occur within seventy-five (75) days after the end of the calendar year of presentment, provided that such presentment occurs within ninety (90) days after the date the related expenses were incurred. Notwithstanding the above, to the extent that the expenses were incurred in one calendar year and presentment occurs in the following calendar year, such reimbursement shall occur by the end of the calendar year in which the presentment occurs. In no event shall the gross amount of such reimbursements be greater than 15,000 in respect of any calendar year, nor shall amounts that are not reimbursed in one calendar year up to the 15,000 per year limitation be able to be used in another calendar year or otherwise be made available to the Executive. Additionally, the Company will pay directly to the service provider following presentment of invoice(s) reasonably acceptable to the Company up to 5,000 per year for reasonable financial counseling services for the Executive, and in no event shall amounts up to the 5,000 per year limitation that are not paid in one calendar year be able to be used in another calendar year or otherwise be made available to the Executive. The Executive acknowledges that participation in such programs will result in the receipt of additional taxable income. 
 
 (c) Executive Auto. During the Term of Employment, the Executive will participate in the Executive Automobile Program of the Company, and may elect to be provided a Company-leased automobile or receive a monthly automobile allowance in accordance with the terms of said program. The Executive acknowledges that participation in this program will result in the receipt of additional taxable income. 
 
 (d) Expenses . During the Term of Employment, the Company agrees to reimburse the Executive for all reasonable and necessary travel (inclusive of first-class air travel), business entertainment and other business out-of-pocket expenses incurred or expended in connection with the performance of the 
 
 Page 4 

Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting information as the Company may reasonably require of the Executive. The timing of payment of such reimbursements and presentation by the Executive of expenses incurred shall be in accordance with the rules described in this Section. 
 (e) Spousal Companion Travel . During the Term of Employment, the Executive may upon prior approval of the President and Chief Executive Officer or his respective designee(s), arrange for spouse companion or domestic partner to accompany the Executive on up to two (2) business related travel itineraries per fiscal year, on a reasonable basis, at Company expense. Any reimbursement for such travel shall require presentation of proper expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting information as the Company may reasonably require of the Executive, and shall be payable within seventy-five (75) days after the end of the calendar year of presentment. The Executive acknowledges that participation in this program will result in the receipt of additional taxable income. 
 
 (f) Executive Term Life Insurance . During the Term of Employment, the Company shall pay premiums on a term life insurance policy or successor life insurance policy with a face amount of 5,000,000. Such obligation to pay premiums is subject to standard underwriting conditions. The Executive acknowledges that this coverage will result in the receipt of additional taxable income. 
 
 (g) Modification of Benefits . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company reserves the right with respect to any benefit set forth in this Section or in Section 3(d) above to modify such benefit or not to provide such benefit. Changes in any benefit provided solely to Executive Officers of the Company shall be subject to approval of the Compensation Committee. 
 
 7. Termination. 
 
 (a) Permanent Disability . In the event of the permanent disability (as hereinafter defined) of the Executive during the Term of Employment, the Company shall have the right, upon written notice to the Executive, to terminate the Executive s employment hereunder, effective upon the giving of such notice (or such later date as shall be specified in such notice). In the event of such termination, the Company shall have no further obligations hereunder, except that the Executive shall be entitled to receive (i) any accrued but unpaid salary and other amounts to which the Executive otherwise is entitled hereunder prior to the date of their termination of employment, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (ii) bonus compensation earned but not paid under this Agreement that relates to any fiscal year ended prior to the date of their termination of employment (iii) a pro-rata portion of the annual bonus payout that the Executive would have been entitled to receive had the Executive remained in employment through the end of the fiscal year during which termination due to permanent disability occurred, based on the portion of the fiscal year that has elapsed prior to such termination, and paid in accordance with Section 3(b) hereof (provided, that such payment shall not be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination) (iv) reimbursement for financial counseling services under Section 6(b) hereof for a period of one (1) year from the date of termination, paid in accordance with Section 5(b) hereof (provided, that no such payment shall be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination) and (v) their Base Salary at a rate equal to the highest rate during the past twelve (12) months for a period of one (1) year from the date of termination as a result of permanent disability, paid in accordance with Section 3(a) hereof (the Disability Continuation Period ), and Section 7(j)(i) hereof (provided, that such payments shall not commence prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination) further provided , however , that the Company shall only be required to pay that amount of the Executive s Base Salary which shall not be covered by short-term disability payments or benefits or long-term disability payments or benefits, if any, to the Executive under any Company plan or arrangement. In addition, upon termination for permanent disability, the Executive shall continue to participate, to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulations and the applicable benefit plan, program or arrangement, in any and all healthcare, life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance 
 
 Page 5 

benefit plans, programs or arrangements of the Company during the Disability Continuation Period (disregarding any required delay in payments under this Section. Thereafter, the Executive s rights to participate in such programs and plans, or to receive similar coverage, if any, shall be as determined under such programs. Because continued participation in any qualified pension and qualified retirement savings plans of the Company is not permitted during the Disability Continuation Period, the Company shall provide to the Executive, subject to the terms of this Section, a lump sum cash payment, within 60 days of the end of the Disability Continuation Period, equal to the sum of (x) the maximum qualified defined contribution retirement savings plan match for pre-tax and after-tax contributions allowable by the plan and by applicable laws and regulations for each year during the Disability Continuation Period (or other period as expressly provided herein), and (v) the excess of the benefit that would have been received by the Executive had they been credited with additional years of age and service equal to the Disability Continuation Period (or other period as expressly provided herein) over the actual benefit to which the Executive is entitled, in each case, under any and all qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans and qualified defined contribution retirement savings plans in which the Executive participates as of the date of termination of employment, calculated as of and based upon the Executive s date of termination (such sum the Pension Replacement Payment ). Notwithstanding the above, any amounts payable under this Section that are separation pay as described under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) shall be paid no later than December 31 of the second calendar year following the year in which the Executive s termination for permanent disability occurs any amounts payable under this Section that are not otherwise exempt from Code section 409A are subject to, and payable in accordance with, Section 7(j) of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7(a), the Company will have no further obligations under Sections 3, 4 and 6 hereof or otherwise. For purposes of this Section 7(a), permanent disability means any disability as defined under the Company s applicable disability insurance policy or, if no such policy is available, any physical or mental disability or incapacity that renders the Executive incapable of performing the services required of the Executive in accordance with their obligations under Section 2 hereof for a period of six (6) consecutive months or for shorter periods aggregating six (6) months during any twelve-month period. 
 (b) Death . In the event of the death of the Executive during the Term of Employment, Executive s employment and this Agreement shall automatically terminate. In the event of such termination the Company shall have no further obligations hereunder, except to pay or provide to the Executive s beneficiary or legal representative (i) any accrued but unpaid salary and other amounts to which the Executive otherwise is entitled hereunder prior to the date of their death, paid in accordance with Section 3(a) and other applicable payment provisions herein (ii) bonus compensation earned but not paid under Section 3(b) hereof that relates to any fiscal year ended prior to the date of death, paid in accordance with Section 3(b) hereof (iii) a pro-rata portion of the annual bonus payout the Executive would have been entitled to receive had they remained in the employ of the Company through the end of the fiscal year during which termination due to their death occurred, based on the portion of the fiscal year that has elapsed prior to such termination, and paid in accordance with Section 3(b) hereof (provided, that such payment shall not be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination) (iv) reimbursement for financial counseling services under Section 6(b) hereof for a period of one (1) year from the date of termination, paid in accordance with Section 6(b) hereof (provided, that no such payment shall be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination) and (v) for a period of one (1) year from the date of death, the Executive s Base Salary as established under Section 3(a) hereof as of the date of death, paid in accordance with Section 3(a) hereof (provided, that such payments shall not commence prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination) further provided , however , that, except as otherwise provided in this Section, the Company will have no further obligations under Sections 3, 4 and 6 hereof or otherwise. 
 (c) Termination Without Cause. The Company shall have the right, upon ninety (90) days prior written notice given to the Executive, to terminate the Executive s employment for any reason whatsoever (except for Cause (as defined below)))). In the event of such termination, the Company shall 
 
 Page 6 

have no further obligations hereunder, except that the Executive shall be entitled to (i) receive any accrued but unpaid salary and other amounts to which the Executive otherwise is entitled hereunder prior to the date of termination without Cause, paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (ii) receive bonus compensation earned but not paid that relates to any fiscal year ended prior to the date of termination without Cause, paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (iii) receive a pro-rata portion of the annual bonus payout that the Executive would have been entitled to receive had they remained in employment through the end of the fiscal year during which the termination without Cause occurred, based on the portion of the fiscal year that has elapsed prior to such termination, and paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (provided, that such payment shall not be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination) (iv) receive the following post-termination payments and benefits A) for a period ending on a date two (2) years from the date of termination without Cause, in accordance with the regular payroll policies of the Company in effect from time to time, their Base Salary as established under and paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (B) bonus compensation equal to fifty percent (50 of the average of the actual annual bonuses (or target bonus, if the Executive has not yet received an actual bonus) paid or payable to the Executive under the Bonus Plan during the past two (2) completed fiscal years paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (provided, that such payment shall not be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination) (v) receive reimbursement for financial counseling services under Section 6(b) hereof for a period of two (2) years from the date of termination, paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (provided, that no such payment shall be made prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination) and (vi) participate for a period ending on a date two (2) years from the date of termination without Cause (the Without Cause Continuation Period ), to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulations and the applicable benefit plan, program or arrangement, in any and all qualified and non-qualified pension and qualified retirement savings, healthcare, life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance benefit plans, programs or arrangements, on terms identical to those applicable to full-term senior officers of the Company. Because continued participation in any qualified pension and qualified retirement savings plans of the Company is not permitted during the Without Cause Continuation Period, the Company shall provide to the Executive, subject to this Section, a lump sum cash payment, to be paid within 60 days after the end of the Without Cause Continuation Period, equal to the Pension Replacement Payment (provided, that such payments shall not commence prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive s date of termination). Notwithstanding the above, any amounts payable under this Section that are separation pay as described under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) shall be paid no later than December 31 of the second calendar year following the year in which the Executive s termination pursuant to this Section occurs any amounts payable under this Section that are not otherwise exempt from Code section 409A are subject to, and payable in accordance with, Section 7(j) of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in this Section, the Company will have no further obligations under Sections 3, 4 and 6 hereof or otherwise. In the event of termination without Cause, the Executive shall not be required to mitigate damages hereunder. 
 
 (d) Cause The Company shall have the right, upon notice to the Executive, to immediately terminate the Executive s employment under this Agreement for Cause (as defined below), effective upon the Executive s receipt of such notice (or such later date as shall be specified in such notice), and the Company shall have no further obligations hereunder, except to pay the Executive accrued but unpaid salary, paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and provide the Executive with any benefit under the employee benefit programs and plans of the Company as determined under such programs and plans upon and as of such a termination for Cause. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7(d), the Company will have no further obligations under Sections 3, 4 and 6 hereof or otherwise. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means 
 
 (i) a material breach of, or the willful failure or refusal by the Executive to perform and discharge duties or obligations they have agreed to perform or assume under this Agreement (other than by reason of disability or death) 
 
 Page 7 

that, if capable of correction, is not corrected within ten (10) business days following notice thereof to the Executive by the Company, such notice to state with specificity the nature of the breach, failure or refusal 
 (ii) willful misconduct by the Executive, unrelated to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, that could reasonably be anticipated to have a material adverse effect on the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (the determination of Cause to be made by the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer in his her reasonable judgment) 
 (iii) the Executive s gross negligence, whether related or unrelated to the business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates which could reasonably be anticipated to have a material adverse effect on the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that, if capable of correction, is not corrected within ten (10) business days following notice thereof to the Executive by the Company, such notice to state with specificity the nature of the conduct complained of (the determination of Cause to be made by the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer in his her reasonable judgment) 
 (iv) the Executive s failure to follow a material lawful directive of the President & Chief Executive Officer of the Company that is within the scope of the Executive s duties for a period of ten (10) business days after notice from the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company specifying the performance required 
 (v) any violation by the Executive of a policy contained in the Code of Conduct of the Company (the determination of Cause to be made by the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer in his her reasonable judgment) 
 (vi) drug or alcohol abuse by the Executive that materially affects the Executive s performance of their duties under this Agreement or 
 (vii) conviction of, or the entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere by the Executive for, any felony. 
 (e) Termination by Executive. The Executive shall have the right, exercisable at any time during the Term of Employment, to terminate their employment for any reason whatsoever, upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the Company or, if less, a notice period as otherwise agreed to by the Company. Upon such termination, the Company shall have no further obligations hereunder other than to (i) pay the Executive their accrued but unpaid salary during the notice period paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (ii) provide bonus compensation, if any, earned but not paid that relates to any fiscal year ended prior to the date of such a termination by the Executive, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (iii) provide the Executive with any benefit under the employee benefit programs and plans of the Company as determined under such programs and plans upon and as of such a termination by the Executive. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7(e), the Company will have no further obligations under Sections 3, 4 and 6 hereof or otherwise. For the purpose of this Agreement, retirement by the Executive will be deemed Termination by Executive in accordance with this section. 
 
 (f) Termination by Executive for Material Breach. The Executive shall have the right, exercisable by notice to the Company, to terminate their employment effective ninety 
 (90) days after the giving of such notice, if, at any time during the Term of Employment, the Company shall be in material breach of its obligations hereunder provided , however, that such notice must be provided to the Company within thirty (30) days of the date on which the Executive obtains knowledge or 
 
 Page 8 

reasonably should obtain knowledge of such material breach and provided further , that such termination will not become effective if within thirty (30) days after receiving the notice the Company shall have cured all such material breaches of its obligations hereunder. For purposes of this Section 7(f), a material breach shall only be, (i) a material reduction in the Executive s authority, functions, duties , responsibilities or title provided in Section 2 hereof, (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s total aggregate target compensation effective on the Start Date, as set pursuant to Sections 3 (a) and (b) and Section 4(b) hereof, but in no event if the reduction is occasioned as result of similar, commensurate reductions to executive officers and or employees generally, (iii) the Company's failure to pay any award that the Executive is entitled to receive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Such termination shall be deemed to be a termination without Cause . as otherwise provided in this Section 7(f), the Company will have no further obligations under Sections 3, 4 and 6 hereof or otherwise. 
 
 (g) Termination for Good Reason following Change of Control . Within two (2) years after the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Executive may terminate employment for Good Reason. Such termination shall be deemed to be a termination without Cause. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7(g), the Company will have no further obligations under Sections 3, 4 and 6 hereof or otherwise. 
 (i) Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, 
 
 (A) a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred upon any of the following events 
 
 (1) a change in control of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14(A) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or 
 (2) during any period of two (2) consecutive years, the individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Company s Board of Directors or any individuals who would be Continuing Directors (as defined below) cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof or 
 
 (3) the Company s Class A Common Stock shall cease to be publicly traded or 
 
 (4) the Company s Board of Directors shall approve a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, and such transaction shall have been consummated or 
 
 (5) the Company s Board of Directors shall approve any merger, exchange, consolidation, or like business combination or reorganization of the Company, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of any event described in Section 7(g)(i)(A)(2) or (3) above, and such transaction shall have been consummated. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (X) changes in the relative beneficial ownership among members of the Lauder family and family-controlled entities shall not, by itself, constitute a Change of Control of the Company, (Y) any spin-off of a division or subsidiary of the 
 
 Page 9 

Company to its stockholders shall not constitute a Change of Control of the Company. 
 
 (B) Continuing Directors shall mean (1) the directors in office on the date hereof and (2) any successor to such directors and any additional director who after the date hereof was nominated or selected by a majority of the Continuing Directors in office at the time of his or her nomination or selection. 
 
 (C) Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following, without the express written consent of the Executive, within two (2) years after the occurrence of a Change in Control 
 
 (1) (a) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in any material adverse respect with the Executive s position, authority or responsibilities as contemplated by this Agreement, or (b) other material adverse change in such position, including title, authority or responsibilities 
 
 (2) any failure by the Company to comply with any provisions of Sections 3, 4 or 6 hereof or a material reduction of the overall amounts set by the Compensation Committee or the Stock Plan Subcommittee and in effect within twelve (12) months prior to the Change in Control, other than an insubstantial or inadvertent failure remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive 
 
 (3) the Company s requiring the Executive to be based at any office or location more than fifty (50) miles from that location at which they performed their services specified under this Agreement immediately prior to the Change in Control, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Executive s responsibilities or 
 
 (ii) any failure by the Company to obtain the assumption and agreement to perform this Agreement by a successor as contemplated by this Agreement, unless such assumption occurs by operation of law. 
 
 (h) Certain Limitations . 
 
 (i) (A) a Payment means any payment or distribution in the nature of compensation to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (B) Net After-Tax Receipt shall mean the Present Value of a Payment net of all taxes imposed on the Executive with respect thereto under Sections 1 and 4999 of the Code and under applicable state and local laws, determined by applying the highest marginal rate under Section 1 of the Code and under state and local laws which applied to the Executive s taxable income for the immediately preceding taxable year, or such other rate(s) as the Executive shall certify, in the Executive s sole discretion, as likely to apply to the Executive in the relevant tax year(s) (C) Present Value shall mean such value determined in accordance with Sections 
 
 Page 10 

280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and 280G(d)(4) of Code (D) Reduced Amount shall mean the amount that (1) has a Present Value that is less than the Present Value of all Payments (without application of this Section 7(h)) and (2) results in aggregate Net After-Tax Receipts for all such Payments (after application of this Section 7(h)) that are greater than the Net After-Tax Receipts for all such Payments would have been made if this Section 7(h) were not applied and (E) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (ii) Anything in the Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that a nationally recognized certified public accounting firm (other than the firm serving as the Company s independent auditor) as may be designated by the Executive (the Accountants determine that receipt of all Payments would subject the Executive to tax under Section 4999 of the Code, the Accountants shall determine whether some amount of Payments meets the definition of Reduced Amount. If the Accountants determine that there is a Reduced Amount, then the aggregate Payments shall be reduced to such Reduced Amount. 
 
 (iii) If the Accountants determine that aggregate Payments should be reduced to the Reduced Amount, the Company shall promptly give the Executive notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof, and the Executive may then elect, in their sole discretion, which and how much of the Payments shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such election the Present Value of the aggregate Payments equals the Reduced Amount), and shall advise the Company in writing of their election within ten (10) days of receipt of notice provided, that the Executive shall not be permitted to elect to reduce any Payment that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. If no such election is made by the Executive within such ten-day period, the Company shall reduce the Payments in the following order (1) by reducing amounts payable pursuant to Section 7(c)(iv) of the Agreement, then (2) by reducing amounts payable pursuant to Section 7(c)(vi) of the Agreement, then (3) by reducing amounts payable pursuant to Section 7(c)(v) of the Agreement, then (4) by reducing the amount payable pursuant to Section 7(c)(iii) of the Agreement, and then (5) by reducing amounts payable to the Executive pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan, and any award agreement thereunder by and between the Executive and the Company. All determinations made by the Accountants under this Section shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive and shall be made within sixty (60) days of a termination of employment of the Executive. As promptly as practicable following such determination, the Company shall pay to or distribute for the benefit of the Executive such Payments as are then due to the Executive and shall promptly pay to or distribute for the benefit of the Executive in the future such Payments as become due to the Executive. 
 
 (iv) As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accountants hereunder, it is possible that amounts will have been paid or distributed by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive pursuant to this Agreement which should not have been so paid or distributed Overpayment or that additional amounts which will have not been paid or distributed by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive pursuant to this Agreement could have been so paid or distributed Underpayment ), in each case, consistent with the calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Accountants, based upon the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against either the Company or the Executive which the Accountants believe has a high probability of success determine that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment paid or distributed by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to the Executive which the Executive shall repay to the Company together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code provided, however, that no such loan shall be deemed to have been made and no amount shall be payable by the Executive to the Company if and to the extent such deemed loan and payment would (A) violate 
 
 Page 11 

Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or (B) not either reduce the amount on which the Executive is subject to tax under Section 1 and Section 4999 of the Code or generate a refund of such taxes. In the event that the Accountants, based upon controlling precedent or substantial authority, determine that an Underpayment has occurred, any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code. 
 
 (v) All fees and expenses of the Accountants in implementing the provisions of this Section 7(h) shall be borne by the Company. 
 
 (vi) Subject to the foregoing provisions), in the event that any Payments are to be reduced pursuant to this Section 7(h), such Payments shall be reduced such that the reduction of compensation to be provided to the Executive is minimized. In applying this principle, the reduction shall be made in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (i) Effect of Termination. . Upon termination, the exercise, vesting and payment terms will be governed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable Share Incentive Plan and respective equity award agreements issued thereunder, and shall be subject to all provisions relating to postemployment exercises set forth in the applicable Share Incentive Plan and equity agreement(s). Note that the Option Agreement(s), Restricted Stock Unit Agreement(s) and Performance Share Agreement(s) provide that the Executive s undertaking competitive employment at any time shall result in the termination of any options, restricted stock units and performance share units granted thereunder (the Equity Non-Competes ). The Company s actions or decisions regarding the Non-Compete provision in this Agreement shall not modify, control, or supersede the Equity Non-Competes. Subject to the preceding sentences, upon the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder for any reason, the Company shall have no further obligations hereunder, except as otherwise provided herein. The Executive, however, shall continue to have the obligations provided for in Sections 8 and 9 hereof. Furthermore, upon any such termination, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned immediately from all offices and directorships held by the Executive in the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 (j) Section 409A of the Code . It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that no payment or entitlement pursuant to this Agreement will give rise to any adverse tax consequences to the Executive under Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including that issued after the date hereof (collectively, Section 409A ). The Agreement shall be interpreted to that end and, consistent with that objective and notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company may unilaterally take any action it deems necessary or desirable to amend any provision herein to avoid the application of an excise tax under Section 409A. Further, no effect shall be given to any provision herein in a manner that reasonably could be expected to give rise to adverse tax consequences under that provision. If as a condition to receive severance payments and benefits Executive is required to deliver an effective release of claims in favor of the Company during a limited period following termination of employment, and such period spans two calendar years, then any such payments and benefits will accrue from the date of termination but commence in the second calendar year. The Company shall from time to time compile a list of specified employees as defined in, and pursuant to, Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(i). Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if the Executive is a specified employee on the date of termination, no payment of compensation under this Agreement shall be made to the Executive during the period lasting six (6) months from the date of termination unless the Company determines that there is no reasonable basis for believing that making such payment would cause the Executive to suffer any adverse tax consequences pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. For this purpose each installment payment shall be considered a separate payment under Section 409A. If any payment to the Executive is delayed pursuant to the foregoing sentence, such payment instead shall be made on the first business day following the expiration of the six-month period referred to in the prior sentence, 
 
 Page 12 

unless specified otherwise in Section 7(j)(i) hereof. Although the Company shall consult with Executive in good faith regarding implementation of this Section 7(j), neither the Company nor its employees or representatives shall have liability to the Executive with respect to any additional taxes that the Executive may be subject to in the event that any amounts under this Agreement are determined to violate Code section 409A. 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding the above, if Executive is a specified employee on the date of termination amounts described as being subject to payment in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(j)(i) that are not otherwise exempt from Section 409A under the short term deferral or separation pay exceptions to Section 409A shall be subject to a delay in payment for a six-month period following the date of termination and shall be paid as follows For any Base Salary under Section 7(a)(v) or Section 7(c)(iv)(A) to be continued beyond the date of termination and for any Pension Replacement Payment, all payments that would have been made during the 
 six-month period immediately following the date of termination shall be made in a single cash payment on the first business day following the expiration of such six-month period, and as of the first business day following the expiration of such six-month period all such payments shall resume in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company until the end of the specified period any bonus payments under Section 7(c)(iv)(B) that is delayed shall be paid in a single lump sum payment on the first business day following the expiration of such six-month period. 
 
 (k) Release of Claims. As a condition precedent to the receipt of payments (other than accrued but unpaid amounts) and benefits pursuant to this Section, the Executive, or, in the case of their death or Disability that prevents the Executive from performing their obligation under this Section 7(k), their personal representative, and their beneficiary, if applicable, will execute an effective general release of claims (in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company) against the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys and agents provided , however , that such effective release will not affect any right that the Executive, or in the event of their death, their personal representative or beneficiary, otherwise has to any payment or benefit provided for in this Agreement or to any vested benefits the Executive may have in any employee benefit plan of Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any right the Executive has under any other agreement between the Executive and the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that expressly states that the right survives the termination of the Executive s employment. 
 
 (l) Modification of Severance Payments and Benefits . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except as provided in Section 7(h) and this Section 7(l), the Company reserves the right with respect to any severance payments or benefits set forth in this Section to modify such payments or benefits or not to provide such payments or benefits. Changes in any severance payment or benefit provided to the Executive may only be made by the Compensation Committee (or the Stock Plan Subcommittee, if there is one, and the change relates to matters subject to the authority of such Subcommittee). Unless agreed to by the Executive or as provided in herein, no change to any severance payments or benefits set forth in this Section will be effective until two years after such change is approved by the Compensation Committee (or Stock Plan Subcommittee). No changes may be made in severance payments or benefits set forth in this Section either (i) at such time the Company is contemplating one or more transactions that will result in a Change of Control or (ii) after a Change of Control. 
 
 8. Confidentiality Ownership. 
 
 Page 13 

(a) The Executive agrees that they shall forever keep secret and retain in strictest confidence and not divulge, disclose, discuss, copy or otherwise use or suffer to be used in any manner, except in connection with the Business of the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates and any other business or proposed business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, any Protected Information in any Unauthorized manner or for any Unauthorized purpose (as such terms are hereinafter defined). 
 
 (i) Protected Information means trade secrets, confidential or proprietary information and all other knowledge, know-how, information, documents or materials owned, developed or possessed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, whether in tangible or intangible form, pertaining to the Business or any other business or proposed business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, including, but not limited to, research and development, operations, systems, data bases, computer programs and software, designs, models, operating procedures, knowledge of the organization, products (including prices, costs, sales or content), processes, formulas, techniques, machinery, contracts, financial information or measures, business methods, business plans, details of consultant contracts, new personnel hiring plans, business acquisition plans, customer lists, business relationships and other information owned, developed or possessed by the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates provided that Protected Information shall not include information that becomes generally known to the public or the trade without violation of this Section. 
 
 (ii) Unauthorized means (A) in contravention of the policies or procedures of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates 
 (B) otherwise inconsistent with the measures taken by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to protect their interests in any Protected Information (C) in contravention of any lawful instruction or directive, either written or oral, of an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates empowered to issue such instruction or directive or (D) in contravention of any duty existing under law or contract. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Executive may disclose any Protected Information to the extent required by court order or decree or by the rules and regulations of a governmental agency or as otherwise required by law or to their legal counsel and, in connection with a determination under Section 7(h), to accounting experts provided that the Executive provide the Company with sufficient advance notice of such disclosure requirement or obligation to permit the Company to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy 
 
 (b) The Executive acknowledges that all developments, including, without limitation, inventions (patentable or otherwise), discoveries, formulas, improvements, patents, trade secrets, designs, reports, computer software, flow charts and diagrams, procedures, data, documentation, ideas and writings and applications thereof relating to the Business or any business or planned business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that, alone or jointly with others, the Executive may conceive, create, make, develop, reduce to practice or acquire during the Executive s employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, the Developments are works made for hire and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company. The Executive hereby assigns to the Company, in consideration of the payments set forth herein,all of their right, title and interest in and to all such Developments. The Executive shall promptly and fully disclose all future material Developments to the 
 
 Page 14 

Board of Directors of the Company and, at any time upon request and at the expense of the Company, shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company all instruments that the Company shall prepare, give evidence and take all other actions that are necessary or desirable in the reasonable opinion of the Company to enable the Company to file and prosecute applications for and to acquire, maintain and enforce all letters patent and trademark registrations or copyrights covering the Developments in all countries in which the same are deemed necessary by the Company. All memoranda, notes, lists, drawings, records, files, computer tapes, programs, software, source and programming narratives and other documentation (and all copies thereof) made or compiled by the Executive or made available to the Executive concerning the Developments or otherwise concerning the Business or planned business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall be the property of the Company or such subsidiaries or affiliates and shall be delivered to the Company or such subsidiaries or affiliates promptly upon the expiration or termination of the Term of Employment. 
 
 (c) During the Term of Employment, the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates shall have the exclusive right to use the Executive s name and image throughout the world in its advertising and promotional materials in connection with the advertising and promotion of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their products. After the expiration of the Term of Employment, the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates shall have the non-exclusive right in perpetuity to use the Executive s name and image throughout the world solely in connection with promotional materials related to the history of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their products. The consideration for such rights is the payments set forth herein. The rights conveyed hereby may be assigned by the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates to a successor in the interest of the Company or the relevant subsidiary or affiliate or their businesses or product lines. 
 (d) The provisions of this Section shall, without any limitation as to time, survive the expiration or termination of the Executive s employment hereunder, irrespective of the reason for any termination. 
 9. Covenant Not to Compete. 
 The Executive agrees that during the Executive s employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates and for a period of two (2) years commencing upon the expiration or termination of the Executive s employment for any reason whatsoever (the Non-Compete Period ), the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company 
 (a) solicit, entice, persuade or induce any employee, consultant, agent or independent contractor of the Company or of any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate his, her or its employment with the Company or such subsidiary or affiliate, to become employed by any person, firm or corporation other than the Company or such subsidiary or affiliate or approach any such employee, consultant, agent or independent contractor for any of the foregoing purposes, or authorize or assist in the taking of any such actions by any third party (the terms employee, consultant, agent and independent contractor shall include any persons with such status at any time during the six 
 (6) months preceding any solicitation in question) or 
 (b) directly or indirectly engage, participate, or make any financial investment in, or become employed by or render consulting, advisory or other services to or for any person, firm, corporation or other business enterprise, wherever located, which is engaged or preparing to engage, directly or indirectly, in competition with the Business or any business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates as conducted or any business proposed to be conducted at the time of the expiration or termination of the Executive s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates provided , however , that nothing in this Section shall be construed to preclude the Executive from making any investments in the securities of any business enterprise whether or not engaged in competition with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, to the extent that such securities are actively traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market in the United States or on any foreign securities exchange and 
 
 Page 15 

represent, at the time of acquisition, not more than 3 of the aggregate voting power of such business enterprise. 
 (c) In the event that (i) the Executive engages in or notifies the Company that the Executive will engage in activity which the Company deems to violate the non-competition provisions of this Agreement (ii) the Company enforces such non-competition provisions and, (iii) Executive complies with such non-competition provisions, the Company shall pay or cause to be paid to the Executive for the duration of the enforcement period the Executive s Base Salary under Section 3(a) hereof and continue to provide the Executive with benefits hereunder to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulations and the applicable benefit plan, program or arrangement, in any and all healthcare, life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance benefit plans, programs or arrangements, on terms identical to those applicable to full-time senior officers of the Company. Any such payments described above will not be made in the event that the Executive is receiving termination payments pursuant to Section 7 hereof. For purpose of clarity, the Company will only be obligated to make payments to the Executive pursuant to this Section for the specific duration of time in which the Company enforces the non-competition restrictions in this Agreement. To the extent the Company agrees to a written modification of the non-competition provision in this Agreement (other than to its duration) which would enable the Executive to accept another role, the Company will not be obligated to provide the pay and benefits to Executive described herein. As stated above, the Company s actions or decisions regarding the Non-Compete provision in this Agreement shall not modify, control, or supersede the Equity Non-Competes. Notwithstanding the above, any amounts payable under this Section that are separation pay as described under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) shall be paid no later than December 31 of the second calendar year following the year in which the Employee s termination pursuant to Section 7 occurs any amounts payable under this Section that are not otherwise exempt from Code Section 409A are subject to, and payable in accordance with, Section 7(j) of this Agreement. 
 (d) So that the Company may confirm your compliance with your obligations under this Agreement, you agree to inform the Company in advance in writing any time you intend to assume a new position during the first twenty-four (24) months following the termination of your employment with the Company. You agree to provide the identity of the entity and of your job title and responsibilities in writing and other information as reasonably requested by the Company. You further agree to communicate the terms of this Agreement to any person, business, entity, or organization that you intend to be employed by, associate with, or represent during the twenty-four (24) months following the termination of your Employment with the Company. 
 (e) To the extent permitted by law, the restrictive periods set forth in this Agreement shall not expire, and shall be tolled, during any period in which Executive is in violation of Executive s obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 10. Remedies 
 The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the services to be rendered by the Executive are of a special, unique and extraordinary character and, in connection with such services, compliance with the covenants set forth in this Agreement is necessary to protect the confidential information (including Protected Information as defined herein), business and goodwill of the Company, and that any breach of section 8 or 9 hereof will result in irreparable and continuing harm to the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, for which money damages cannot provide adequate relief. Accordingly, in the event of any breach or anticipatory breach of this Agreement by the Executive, the parties agree that, in addition to any other legal remedies and damages available, the Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries shall be entitled to injunctions, both preliminary and permanent, enjoining or restraining such breach or anticipatory breach, and the Executive hereby consents to the issuance thereof forthwith and without bond by any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as prohibiting the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates from pursuing any other remedies available to it or them for such breach or 
 
 Page 16 

threatened breach, including the recovery of damages from the Executive. This provision shall, without any limitation as to time, survive the expiration or termination of the Executive s employment hereunder, irrespective of the reason for any termination. 
 11. Defend Trade Secrets Act Notice 
 Under the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act, you shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law or (b) is made to your attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation against you for reporting a suspected violation of the law or (c) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 12. Deductions and Withholding. 
 The Executive agrees that the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates, as applicable, shall withhold from any and all compensation paid to and required to be paid to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement, all Federal, state, local and or other taxes which the Company determines are required to be withheld in accordance with applicable statutes or regulations from time to time in effect and all amounts required to be deducted in respect of the Executive s coverage under applicable employee benefit plans. For purposes of this Agreement and calculations hereunder, all such deductions and withholdings shall be deemed to have been paid to and received by the Executive. 
 
 13. Entire Agreement. 
 Except for the Share Incentive Plan, the Executive s outstanding stock option and other equity-compensation agreements, the Executive Annual Incentive Plan, the Executive Perquisites Program, the Executive Automobile Program, the term life insurance arrangement between the Company and the Executive, the Company s qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans, the Company s qualified defined contribution retirement savings plan and applicable successor plans or agreements, this Agreement embodies the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the Executive s employment, compensation, perquisites and related items and supersedes any other prior oral or written agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Executive and the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and any such prior agreements, arrangements or understandings are hereby terminated and of no further effect. This Agreement may not be changed or terminated orally but only by an agreement in writing signed by the parties hereto. 
 14. Waiver. 
 The waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the Executive shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by the Executive. The waiver by the Executive of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the Company shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by the Company. 
 
 15. Governing Law Jurisdiction. 
 (a) This Agreement shall be subject to, and governed by, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein, without regard to conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Any action to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be brought in a court of the State of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan of the City of New York or in a Federal court located within the Southern District of New York. The parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts and to the service of process in any manner provided by New York law. Each party irrevocably waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such 
 
 Page 17 

court and any claim that such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum and agrees that service of process in accordance with the foregoing sentences shall be deemed in every respect effective and valid personal service of process upon such party. 
 16. Assignability. 
 The obligations of the Executive may not be delegated and, except with respect to the designation of beneficiaries in connection with any of the benefits payable to the Executive hereunder, the Executive may not, without the Company s written consent thereto, assign, transfer, convey, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this Agreement or any interest herein. Any such attempted delegation or disposition shall be null and void and without effect. The Company and the Executive agree that this Agreement and all of the Company s rights and obligations hereunder may be assigned or transferred by the Company to and shall be assumed by and be binding upon any successor to the Company. 
 Unless assumption occurs by operation of law, the Company shall require any successor by an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Executive, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. The term successor means, with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any corporation or other business entity which, by merger, consolidation, purchase of the assets or otherwise acquires all or a majority of the operating assets or business of the Company. 
 
 17. Severability. 
 If any provision of this Agreement or any part thereof, including, without limitation, Sections 8 and 9 hereof, as applied to either party or to any circumstances shall be adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, the same shall in no way affect any other provision of this Agreement or remaining part thereof, or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, which shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid or unenforceable part thereof. 
 
 If any court construes any of the provisions of Section 8 or 9 hereof, or any part thereof, to be unreasonable because of the duration of such provision or the geographic scope thereof, such court may reduce the duration or restrict or redefine the geographic scope of such provision and enforce such provision as so reduced, restricted or redefined. 
 18. Notices. 
 All notices to the Company or the Executive permitted or required hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, by telecopier or by courier service providing for next-day or two-day delivery or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the following addresses 
 The Company The Executive The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Peter Jueptner 767 Fifth Avenue Group President, International New York, New York 10153 767 Fifth Avenue Attn EVP Human Resources New York, New York 10153 
 
 Either party may change the address to which notices shall be sent by sending written notice of such change of address to the other party. Any such notice shall be deemed given, if delivered personally, upon receipt if telecopied, when telecopied if sent by courier service providing for next-day or two-day delivery, the next business day or two business days, as applicable, following deposit with such courier service and if sent by certified or registered mail, three days after deposit (postage prepaid) with the U.S. mail service. 
 19. No Conflicts. 
 The Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that their execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and any other agreement to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement will 
 
 Page 18 

not (i) require the consent, approval or action of any other person or (ii) violate, conflict with or result in the breach of any of the terms of, or constitute (or with notice or lapse of time or both, constitute) a default under, any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the Executive s employment to which the Executive is a party or by which the Executive is bound or subject. The Executive hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives and affiliates (and such affiliates directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives) from and against any and all losses, liabilities or claims (including interest, penalties and reasonable attorneys fees, disbursements and related charges) based upon or arising out of the Executive s breach of any of the foregoing representations and warranties. 
 20. Legal Fees . 
 Following a Change of Control, the Company shall reimburse the Executive up to 20,000, in the aggregate, for all legal fees and related expenses (including the costs of experts, evidence and counsel) reasonably and in good faith incurred by the Executive in an action (i) by the Executive to obtain or enforce any right or benefit to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement or (ii) by the Company to enforce a post-termination covenant referred to in Section 8 or 9 against the Executive, in each case, provided that the Executive substantially prevails in such action. Such amount shall be reimbursed to the Executive by the end of the calendar year in which the Executive substantially prevails in such action, based on the date of any settlement, judgment, or other official document evidencing same. 
 
 21. Cooperation . 
 During the Term of Employment and thereafter, Executive shall provide reasonable cooperation in connection with any action or proceeding (or any appeal therefrom) that relates to events occurring during Executive s employment with the Company. 
 
 22. Paragraph Headings . 
 The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 23. Counterparts. 
 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 

Page 19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 

By s Fabrizio Freda Name Fabrizio Freda President and Chief Executive Officer Date 3 15 2023 By s Peter Jueptner Name Peter Jueptner Group President, International Date 3 6 2023 
 
 Page 20 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 exhibit211-fy23.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 
 
 SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 All significant subsidiaries are wholly-owned by The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. and or one or more of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (with exceptions as noted by below). 
 
 Name Jurisdiction in which Organized Estee Lauder Inc. Delaware Estee Lauder International, Inc. Delaware ELC Management LLC Delaware 001 DEL LLC Delaware Estee Lauder Luxembourg S.a.R.L. Luxembourg Estee Lauder BV Belgium NEDP Holding S.a.R.L. Luxembourg Estee Lauder AG Lachen Switzerland ELCA Cosmetics GmBH Switzerland Estee Lauder COORDINATION Center BV Belgium Estee Lauder Europe, Inc. Delaware Estee Lauder UK Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom Estee Lauder Cosmetics Limited United Kingdom DB Midco Inc. Canada DB GP Co. Inc. Canada DB Partners LP Canada DB Newco Inc. Canada DB Amalco Inc. Canada Beautiful Holdings ULC British Columbia Deciem Beauty Group Inc. Canada Estee Lauder (Shanghai) Commercial Company Ltd. China 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit231-fy23.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-99554, 333-49606, 333-72684, 333-126820, 333-131527, 333-147262, 333-161452, 333-170534, 333-208133, and 333-234794) and Form S-3 (No. 333-256336) of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. of our report dated August 18, 2023 relating to the financial statements, and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York August 18, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 7
 exhibit241-fy23.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 24.1 

 POWER-OF-ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints William P. Lauder, Fabrizio Freda and Tracey T. Travis, and each of them, such person s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and revocation, for such person and in such person s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and the other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 This power of attorney may only be revoked by a written document executed by the undersigned that expressly revokes this power by referring to the date and subject hereof. 
 
 Signature Title (s) Date s FABRIZIO FREDA 
 President, Chief Executive Officer August 18, 2023 Fabrizio Freda 
 and a Director (Principal Executive Officer) s WILLIAM P. LAUDER 
 Executive Chairman August 18, 2023 William P. Lauder 
 and a Director s LEONARD A. LAUDER 
 Director August 18, 2023 Leonard A. Lauder 
 s CHARLENE BARSHEFSKY 
 Director August 18, 2023 Charlene Barshefsky 
 s WEI SUN CHRISTIANSON 
 Director August 18, 2023 Wei Sun Christianson 
 s ANGELA WEI DONG Director August 18, 2023 Angela Wei Dong s PAUL J. FRIBOURG 
 Director August 18, 2023 Paul J. Fribourg 
 s JENNIFER HYMAN 
 Director August 18, 2023 Jennifer Hyman 
 s JANE LAUDER 
 Director August 18, 2023 Jane Lauder 
 s RONALD S. LAUDER 
 Director August 18, 2023 Ronald S. Lauder 
 s ARTURO NU EZ Director August 18, 2023 Arturo Nu ez s RICHARD D. PARSONS 
 Director August 18, 2023 Richard D. Parsons 
 s LYNN FORESTER DE ROTHSCHILD 
 Director August 18, 2023 Lynn Forester de Rothschild 
 s BARRY S. STERNLICHT 
 Director August 18, 2023 Barry S. Sternlicht 
 s JENNIFER TEJADA 
 Director August 18, 2023 Jennifer Tejada 
 s RICHARD F. ZANNINO 
 Director August 18, 2023 Richard F. Zannino 
 s TRACEY T. TRAVIS 
 Executive Vice President and August 18, 2023 Tracey T. Travis 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit311-fy23.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

 Certification 
 I, Fabrizio Freda certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date August 18, 2023 s Fabrizio Freda Fabrizio Freda President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit312-fy23.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 Certification 
 I, Tracey T. Travis certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date August 18, 2023 s Tracey T. Travis Tracey T. Travis Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exhibit321-fy23.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

 Certification 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), the undersigned officer of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated August 18, 2023 s Fabrizio Freda Fabrizio Freda President and Chief Executive Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and for no other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 exhibit322-fy23.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

 Certification 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), the undersigned officer of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated August 18, 2023 s Tracey T. Travis Tracey T. Travis Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and for no other purpose. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 el-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 el-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 el-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 el-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 el-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

