<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230925_10-K_edgar_data_730263_0000730263-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17216211</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1651953</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2955503</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7130642</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2715795</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2330359</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000730263-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230925
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230925161315
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000730263-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230925
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230925

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THOR INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730263
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR HOMES [3716]
		IRS NUMBER:				930768752
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09235
		FILM NUMBER:		231276018

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 E. BEARDSLEY AVENUE
		CITY:			ELKHART
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46514
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(574) 970-7460

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 E. BEARDSLEY AVENUE
		CITY:			ELKHART
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000730263-23-000016.txt : 20230925

10-K
 1
 tho-20230731.htm
 10-K

tho-20230731 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , 
 -3305 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Name of each exchange Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) 
 Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of January 31, 2023 was approximately billion based on the closing price of the registrant s common shares on January 31, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Solely for the purpose of this calculation and for no other purpose, the non-affiliates of the registrant are assumed to be all shareholders of the registrant other than (i) directors of the registrant (ii) current executive officers of the registrant who are identified as named executive officers pursuant to Item 10 of the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 and (iii) any shareholder that beneficially owns 10 or more of the registrant s common stock. The exclusion of such persons is not intended, nor shall it be deemed, to be an admission that such persons are affiliates of the registrant. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of September 15, 2023 was . 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 13 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 25 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 25 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 26 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 26 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 27 
 ITEM 6. (RESERVED) 
 28 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 29 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 50 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA SEE ITEM 15 
 51 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 52 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 52 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 54 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 55 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 55 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 55 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 56 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 56 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 57 
 SIGNATURES 
 59 

PART I 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all Dollar and Euro amounts are presented in thousands except per share data. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 
 Our Company was founded in 1980 and has grown to become the largest manufacturer of recreational vehicles RVs in the world. We are also the largest manufacturer of RVs in North America, and one of the largest manufacturers of RVs in Europe. The Company manufactures a wide variety of RVs in the United States and Europe, and sells those vehicles, as well as related parts and accessories, primarily to independent, non-franchise dealers throughout the United States, Canada and Europe. We are incorporated in Delaware and are the successor to a corporation of the same name which was incorporated in Nevada on July 29, 1980. Our principal executive office is located at 601 East Beardsley Avenue, Elkhart, Indiana 46514 and our telephone number is (574) 970-7460. Our Internet address is www.thorindustries.com . We maintain copies of our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), available free of charge, on our web site. Unless the context otherwise requires or indicates, all references to THOR , the Company , we , our and us refer to THOR Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Our principal North American recreational vehicle operating subsidiaries are Airstream, Inc. Airstream ), Heartland Recreational Vehicles, LLC Heartland , which includes Cruiser RV, LLC CRV and DRV, LLC DRV )), Jayco, Inc. Jayco , which includes Jayco, Starcraft, Highland Ridge and Entegra Coach), Keystone RV Company Keystone , which includes CrossRoads and Dutchmen), K.Z., Inc. KZ , which includes Venture RV), Thor Motor Coach, Inc. Thor Motor Coach and Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc. (" Tiffin Group "). 
 
 Our European recreational vehicle operations include eight primary RV production locations producing numerous brands within Europe, including Buccaneer, Buerstner, Carado, Compass, CrossCamp, Dethleffs, Elddis, Eriba, Etrusco, Hymer, Laika, LMC, Niesmann+Bischoff, Sunlight and Xplore. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Fiscal 2022 
 
 Airxcel 
 
 On September 1, 2021, the Company acquired Wichita, Kansas-based AirX Intermediate, Inc. Airxcel as part of its long-term strategic growth plan. Airxcel manufactures a comprehensive line of high-quality component products which are sold primarily to RV original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") as well as consumers via aftermarket sales through dealers and retailers. Airxcel provides industry-leading products in recreational vehicle heating, cooling, ventilation, cooking, window coverings, sidewalls and roofing materials, among others. The acquisition provides numerous benefits, including strengthening the RV supply chain, diversifying the Company's revenue sources and expanding Airxcel s supply chain business in North America and Europe. Airxcel operates as an independent operation in the same manner as the Company's other subsidiaries. 
 
 Fiscal 2021 
 
 Tiffin Group 
 
 On December 18, 2020, the Company closed on a Stock Purchase Agreement Tiffin Group SPA for the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of luxury motorized recreational vehicle manufacturer Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc., and certain other associated operating and supply companies, which primarily supply component parts and services to Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc. (collectively, the "Tiffin Group"). Tiffin Group, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, owns the Tiffin Group. Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc. operates out of various locations in Alabama and Mississippi. The Company purchased the Tiffin Group to complement its existing RV product offerings and North American independent dealer base. 

1 

North American Recreational Vehicles 
 
 THOR, through its operating subsidiaries, is currently the largest manufacturer of RVs in North America, by units sold and revenue, based on retail statistics published by Statistical Surveys, Inc. ("Stat Surveys") and other reported data. Our North American operating subsidiaries are as follows: 
 
 Airstream 
 
 Airstream manufactures and sells premium quality travel trailers and motorhomes. Airstream travel trailers are distinguished by their rounded shape and bright aluminum finish and, in our opinion, constitute the most recognized product in the recreational vehicle industry. Airstream manufactures and sells travel trailers under the trade names Airstream Classic , Airstream Pottery Barn , Globetrotter , International , Flying Cloud , Caravel , Bambi and Basecamp . Airstream also sells the Interstate, Atlas and Rangeline series of Class B motorhomes. 
 
 Heartland 
 
 Heartland manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels and includes the operations of Heartland, Cruiser RV and DRV. Heartland, including Cruiser RV and DRV, manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Bighorn , Trail Runner , North Trail , Cyclone , Torque , Prowler , Milestone , Shadow Cruiser , MPG , Hitch, Sundance and Stryker and luxury fifth wheels under the trade name DRV Mobile Suites . 
 
 Jayco 
 
 Jayco manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers, fifth wheels and motorhomes, and includes the operations of Jayco, Starcraft, Highland Ridge and Entegra Coach. Jayco manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Jay Flight , Jay Feather , Eagle and Pinnacle , and also manufactures Class A, Class C and Class B motorhomes under trade names such as Alante , Precept , Greyhawk and Redhawk . Starcraft manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Autumn Ridge and Super Lite. Highland Ridge manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Open Range . Entegra Coach manufactures and sells Class A motorhomes under trade names such as Insignia , Aspire , Anthem and Cornerstone and Class A, Class B and Class C motorhomes under trade names such as Odyssey , Esteem and Emblem . 
 
 Keystone 
 
 Keystone manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels and includes the operations of Keystone, Dutchmen and CrossRoads. Keystone manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Montana , Springdale , Hideout , Sprinter , Outback , Arcadia , Bullet , Fuzion , Raptor , Passport and Cougar , while the Dutchmen travel trailer and fifth wheel trade names include Coleman , Kodiak , Aspen Trail , Astoria and Voltage . CrossRoads manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Cruiser , Volante , Sunset Trail and Zinger and luxury fifth wheels under the trade name Redwood . 
 
 KZ 
 
 KZ manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels and includes the operations of KZ and Venture RV. KZ manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Classic, Escape , Sportsmen , Connect , Venom , Gold , Durango and Sportster , while Venture RV manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers under trade names such as Stratus , SportTrek and Sonic . 
 
 Thor Motor Coach 
 
 Thor Motor Coach manufactures and sells gasoline and diesel Class A, Class B and Class C motorhomes. Its products are sold under trade names such as Ace, Aria, Axis, Chateau, Compass, Dazzle, Delano, Echelon, Four Winds, Gemini, Geneva, Hurricane, Magnitude, Miramar, Omni, Outlaw, Palazzo, Quantum, Resonate, Rize, Riviera, Sanctuary, Scope, Sequence, Tellaro, Tiburon, Tranquility, Twist, Vegas and Windsport . 

2 

Tiffin Group 
 
 The Tiffin Group manufactures and sells conventional motorhomes and includes the operations of Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc. Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc. manufactures and sells premium diesel and gasoline Class A, Class C and Class B motorhomes under trade names such as Allegro, Allegro Bay, Allegro Breeze, Allegro Bus, Allegro Red , Byway, Midas, Phaeton, Wayfarer and Zephyr . 
 
 European Recreational Vehicles 
 
 THOR, through its Erwin Hymer Group ("EHG") operating subsidiary, is a leading manufacturer of recreational vehicles in Europe, according to statistics published by the Caravaning Industry Association e.V. CIVD and the European Caravan Foundation ECF ). 
 
 Erwin Hymer Group 
 
 EHG manufactures towable and motorized recreational vehicles, including motorcaravans, caravans, campervans and urban vehicles in eight primary RV production locations within Europe. EHG produces and sells numerous brands primarily within Europe, such as Buccaneer, Buerstner, Carado, Compass, CrossCamp, Dethleffs, Elddis, Eriba, Etrusco, Hymer, Laika, LMC, Niesmann+Bischoff, Sunlight and Xplore. In addition, EHG s operations include other RV-related products and services. 
 
 Other 
 
 Airxcel 
 
 AirX Intermediate, Inc. Airxcel manufactures a comprehensive line of high-quality RV-related products which they sell primarily to RV original equipment manufacturers as well as consumers via aftermarket sales through dealers and retailers. 
 
 Postle 
 
 Postle Operating, LLC ("Postle") manufactures and sells aluminum extrusions and specialized component products to RV and other manufacturers. 

3 

Product Line Sales and Segment Information 
 
 The Company has three reportable segments: (1) North American Towable Recreational Vehicles, (2) North American Motorized Recreational Vehicles and (3) European Recreational Vehicles. The North American Towable Recreational Vehicles reportable segment consists of the following operating segments that have been aggregated: Airstream (towable), Heartland (including Cruiser RV and DRV), Jayco (including Jayco towable, Starcraft and Highland Ridge), Keystone (including CrossRoads and Dutchmen), and KZ (including Venture RV). The North American Motorized Recreational Vehicles reportable segment consists of the following operating segments that have been aggregated: Airstream (motorized), Jayco (including Jayco motorized and Entegra Coach), Thor Motor Coach and the Tiffin Group. The European Recreational Vehicles reportable segment consists solely of the EHG business. EHG manufactures a full line of motorized and towable recreational vehicles, including motorcaravans, campervans, urban vehicles and caravans in eight RV production facilities within Europe. 
 
 The operations of the Company s Airxcel and Postle subsidiaries are included in Other" in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Net sales included in Other primarily relate to the sale of aluminum extrusions and specialized RV-component products. Intercompany eliminations adjust for Airxcel and Postle sales to the Company s North American Towable and North American Motorized segments, which are consummated at established transfer prices generally consistent with the selling prices of such components to third-party customers. 
 
 Total assets include those assets used in the operation of each reportable and non-reportable segment, and the Corporate assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, deferred income taxes, deferred compensation plan assets and certain Corporate real estate holdings primarily utilized by certain U.S.-based operating subsidiaries. 
 
 The table below sets forth the contribution of each of the Company s reportable segments to net sales in each of the last three fiscal years: 
 2023 2022 2021 Amount Amount Amount Recreational vehicles: North American Towable (1) 
 4,202,628 37.8 8,661,945 53.1 6,221,928 50.5 North American Motorized (1) 
 3,314,170 29.8 3,979,647 24.4 2,669,391 21.7 European 3,037,147 27.3 2,887,453 17.7 3,200,079 26.0 Total recreational vehicles 10,553,945 94.9 15,529,045 95.2 12,091,398 98.2 Other (2) 
 777,639 7.0 1,225,824 7.5 373,174 3.0 Intercompany eliminations (209,979) (1.9) (442,344) (2.7) (147,192) (1.2) Total 11,121,605 100.0 16,312,525 100.0 12,317,380 100.0 
 (1) The North American Towable and North American Motorized totals include approximately 7 months of operations in FY 2021 for the Tiffin Group from the December 18, 2020 acquisition date. 
 (2) Other totals include 11 months of operations in FY 2022 for Airxcel from the September 1, 2021 acquisition date. 
 
 For additional information regarding our segments, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Recreational Vehicles 
 
 Overview 
 
 We manufacture a wide variety of recreational vehicles in the United States and Europe and sell those vehicles, as well as related parts and accessories, primarily to independent, non-franchise dealers throughout the United States, Canada and Europe. North American recreational vehicle classifications are based upon standards established by the RV Industry Association RVIA ). The principal types of recreational vehicles that we produce in North America include conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels as well as Class A, Class C and Class B motorhomes. In Europe, we produce numerous types of motorized and towable recreational vehicles, including motorcaravans, campervans, urban vehicles, caravans and other RV-related products and services. 

4 

North American Recreational Vehicles 
 
 Travel trailers are non-motorized vehicles which are designed to be towed by passenger automobiles, pickup trucks, SUVs or vans. Travel trailers provide comfortable, self-contained living facilities for camping, vacationing and multiple other purposes. Within North America we produce conventional and fifth wheel trailers. Conventional trailers are towed by means of a frame hitch attached to the towing vehicle. Fifth wheel trailers, designed to be towed by pickup trucks, are constructed with a raised forward section that is attached to a receiver in the bed area of the pickup truck. 
 
 A motorhome is a self-powered vehicle built on a motor vehicle chassis. Motorhomes are self-contained with their own lighting, heating, cooking, refrigeration, sewage holding and water storage facilities, so that they can be utilized without being attached to utilities. 
 
 Within North America, Class A motorhomes, generally constructed on medium-duty truck chassis, are supplied complete with engine and drivetrain components by motor vehicle manufacturers such as Ford, Freightliner and The Shyft Group. We design, manufacture and install the living area and driver s compartment of Class A motorhomes. Class C and Class B motorhomes are generally built on a Ford, General Motors or Mercedes-Benz small truck or van chassis, which includes an engine, drivetrain components and a finished cab section. We construct a living area which has access to the driver s compartment and attaches to the cab section. Although they are not designed for permanent or semi-permanent living, motorhomes can provide comfortable living facilities for camping, vacationing and multiple other purposes. 
 
 European Recreational Vehicles 
 
 In Europe, a caravan is a travel trailer which is a non-motorized vehicle designed to be towed by passenger automobiles, SUVs or vans. Caravans provide comfortable, self-contained living facilities for camping, vacationing and multiple other purposes. In Europe, the focus is on lighter and smaller caravans that can even be towed by small passenger cars. 
 
 Motorcaravans are similar to the Class A and Class C motorized products in the North American market. Motorcaravans include various types such as integrated, semi-integrated and alcove, and are generally constructed on light-duty truck chassis, supplied complete with engine and drivetrain components by chassis manufacturers such as Stellantis, Mercedes-Benz, Ford and Iveco. The main difference between European motorcaravans as compared to RVs in the North American market is that the focus in Europe is on lighter and smaller vehicles due to weight restrictions and driving license requirements. 
 
 An integrated motorcaravan contains driving and passenger space that is completely integrated into the vehicle, along with the living area, which creates a great feeling of openness. The driver/passenger and living areas are made of one compartment and form a single unit. 
 
 A semi-integrated motorcaravan is one in which the cab (driver/passenger compartment) belongs to the chassis. This means that the existing driver/passenger area is complemented by an attached living area. As a result, the advantages of the basic vehicle are enhanced by mobile living. 
 
 An alcove motorcaravan is one where there is an additional sleeping space located above the driver s cab. This superstructure is called an alcove and it comprises sleeping accommodations for two people. Behind the driver s cab is an additional bedroom and a living space with basic equipment. 
 
 A campervan is comparable to the Class B motorhome in the North American market. They are generally built on a Stellantis, Mercedes-Benz or Ford panel van chassis which includes an engine, drivetrain components and a finished cab section. A constructed living area provides access to the driver s compartment and attaches to the cab section. As they are smaller and more compact than typical motorcaravans, a campervan has the advantage of being easier to maneuver and easier to park. 
 
 An urban vehicle is a multi-functional vehicle, similar to a minivan, which is generally built on a Stellantis or Ford chassis and is mainly used as a family vehicle but has a small removable kitchen and sitting area that can be converted into a sleeping area. Additionally, these vehicles are equipped with a pop-up roof to provide additional sleeping quarters. 

5 

Production 
 
 In order to minimize finished inventory, our recreational vehicles in both North America and Europe are generally produced to dealer order. Our facilities are designed to provide efficient, assembly-line manufacturing of products. In North America, capacity increases can generally be achieved relatively quickly and at relatively low cost, largely by acquiring, leasing or building additional facilities and equipment and increasing the number of production employees. In Europe, that process usually takes a bit longer and involves higher costs. In North America, capacity decreases can generally be achieved relatively quickly and at relatively low cost, mainly by decreasing the number of production employees. In Europe, short-term capacity decreases can generally be achieved by adjusting work schedules and reducing the number of contract and temporary workers. 
 
 We purchase many of the components used in the production of our recreational vehicles in their finished form. The principal raw materials used in the manufacturing processes for motorhomes, including motorcaravans, campervans and urban vehicles, and travel trailers, including caravans, are chassis, aluminum, lumber, plywood, plastic, fiberglass and steel purchased from numerous suppliers. 
 
 Our relationship with our chassis suppliers is similar to our other RV vendor relationships in that no long-term contractual commitments are entered into by either party. Historically, chassis manufacturers resort to an industry-wide allocation system during periods when chassis supply is restricted. These allocations are generally based on the volume of chassis previously purchased. While we are not dependent on any one supplier, we do depend on a consistent supply of chassis from a limited number of chassis suppliers. Sales of our motorized RV products, including motorhomes, motorcaravans, campervans and urban vehicles, rely on these chassis. 
 
 While we have recently seen improvement in the supply of chassis from both North American and European suppliers from some, but not all, chassis suppliers, we do not believe the chassis supply chain is back to pre-pandemic levels. Currently it is uncertain as to what impact the current labor disputes and work stoppages involving certain U.S. automakers, who also supply chassis to us, will have on the future availability of chassis. Even beyond these issues, it is extremely difficult to predict when or whether future supply chain issues related to chassis will arise. Modifying available chassis for certain motorized products to use for other products is not a viable alternative, particularly in the short term, due to engineering requirements. These factors may continue to negatively impact our production schedule and cost structure as we try to balance our production and personnel staffing levels and schedules to the available chassis, often with short notice. The North American recreational vehicle industry has, from time to time, experienced shortages of chassis for various reasons, including component shortages, production delays or other production issues and work stoppages at the chassis manufacturers. 
 
 While the North American and European RV industries have also at times faced supply shortages or delivery delays of other, non-chassis, raw material components, our supply chain has been resilient enough to mostly support our fiscal 2023 sales, although falling somewhat short in Europe. If shortages of chassis or other component parts were to become more significant, or if other factors were to impact our suppliers' ability to fully supply our needs for key components, our costs of such components and our production output could be adversely affected. Where possible, we will continue to work closely with our suppliers on various supply chain strategies to minimize any constraints, and will continue to identify alternative suppliers where possible. 
 
 The geographic centrality of the North American RV industry in northern Indiana, where the majority of our facilities and many of our suppliers are located, could exacerbate supply chain and other COVID-19 related risks should northern Indiana, or any of the other areas in which we, our suppliers or our customers operate, become disproportionately impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or other factors. 
 
 Generally, our North American and European RV operating subsidiaries introduce new or improved lines or models of recreational vehicles each year. Changes typically include new sizes and floor plans, different decors or design features and engineering and technological improvements. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Historically, since recreational vehicles were used primarily by vacationers and campers, our recreational vehicle sales tended to be seasonal and, in most geographical areas, tended to be lower during the winter months than in other periods. As a result of being primarily used for vacations, our recreational vehicle sales were historically lowest during our second fiscal quarter, which ends on January 31 of each year. However, industry wholesale shipments in calendar 2021 and the first half of calendar 2022 did not follow typical historical seasonal patterns as we and dealers responded to the high consumer demand for RVs. Our typical historical seasonal patterns began to return in fiscal 2023, and we currently expect that our typical historical seasonal patterns will return in full in fiscal 2024 as dealer inventory levels and consumer demand become more aligned. 
 6 

Marketing and Distribution 
 
 We sell our recreational vehicles primarily to independent, non-franchise dealers located throughout the United States, Canada and Europe. Each of our recreational vehicle operating subsidiaries sells to its own network of independent dealers, with many dealers carrying more than one of our product lines as well as products from other manufacturers. As of July 31, 2023, there were approximately 2,400 independent, non-franchise dealership locations carrying our products in the U.S. and Canada and approximately 1,100 dealership locations, of which two are Company-owned, carrying our products throughout Europe. We believe that the working relationships between the management and sales personnel of our operating entities and the independent dealers provide us with valuable information on customer preferences and the quality and marketability of our products. 
 
 Our European brands distribute their vehicles in Europe through dealer networks that offer various EHG brands covering all price segments in each region, avoiding brand overlap even in regions with two or more dealers that offer EHG brands. The European dealer base is comprised primarily of independent dealers, although EHG does operate two Company-owned dealerships. Approximately 45 of independent European dealers sell EHG brands exclusively. 
 
 Each of our recreational vehicle operating subsidiaries has its own wholesale sales force that works directly with its independent dealers. Typically, there are wholesale shows held during the year in certain locations within the United States and Europe. These shows allow dealers to view new and existing products as well as place orders. 
 
 Historically, the most important retail sales events occur at various consumer recreational vehicle shows or trade fairs which take place throughout the year at different locations across the United States, Canada and Europe. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to limit its spread, most retail show sponsors and dealers cancelled these shows in calendar 2020 and calendar 2021. Since January 2022, however, many of these retail shows have returned and have been well attended. We believe that we, and our dealers, are better positioned now to reach new and existing RV consumers through a strategic combination of retail shows and digital marketing activities. We also benefit in the United States from the recreational vehicle awareness advertising and marketing programs sponsored by the RVIA in national print media and television. 
 
 In our selection of individual, independent dealers, we emphasize the dealer s ability to maintain a sufficient inventory of our products, as well as their financial stability, creditworthiness, reputation, experience and ability to provide service to the end customer. Many dealers, particularly in North America, carry the recreational vehicle lines of one or more of our competitors. Generally, our recreational vehicle operating subsidiaries each have separate dealer agreements. 
 
 One dealer, FreedomRoads, LLC, accounted for approximately 13.0 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. This dealer also accounted for approximately 13.0 of the Company s consolidated trade accounts receivable at July 31, 2023 and approximately 10.0 at July 31, 2022. 
 
 We generally do not finance dealer purchases. Most dealers are financed on a floor plan basis by an unrelated bank or financing company, which lends the dealer all, or substantially all, of the wholesale purchase price and retains a security interest in the vehicles purchased. As is customary in the recreational vehicle industry, we will generally execute a repurchase agreement with a lending institution financing a dealer s purchase of our products upon the lending institution s request. Repurchase agreements provide that, typically for a period of up to 18 months after a unit is financed and in the event of default by the dealer and notification from the lending institution of the dealer default, we will repurchase all of the applicable or qualifying dealer units repossessed by the lending institution for the amount then due, which is often less than 100 of the dealer s cost. The risk of loss under repurchase agreements is spread over numerous dealers and is further reduced by the resale value of the units which we would be required to repurchase. Based on current conditions, we believe that future losses under these agreements would not have a material adverse effect on our Company. The Company s total commercial commitments under standby repurchase obligations on dealer inventory financing as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 were 3,893,048 and 4,308,524, respectively. The losses incurred due to repurchase were not material in fiscal 2023, 2022 or 2021. 

7 

Backlog 
 
 The backlogs for our North American Towable, North American Motorized and European Recreational Vehicle segments as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022, respectively, were as follows: 
 
 July 31, 2023 July 31, 2022 Change Amount Change Recreational vehicles North American Towable 756,047 2,571,009 (1,814,962) (70.6) North American Motorized 1,242,936 3,436,629 (2,193,693) (63.8) Total North America 1,998,983 6,007,638 (4,008,655) (66.7) European 3,549,660 2,753,602 796,058 28.9 Total 5,548,643 8,761,240 (3,212,597) (36.7) 
 
 The decreases in backlogs for North American Towable and North American Motorized products are primarily a result of a reduction in orders from independent dealers. We believe North American dealer inventory levels for most towable products are generally higher than the levels that dealers are comfortable stocking given the current retail sales levels and associated carrying costs. We believe dealer inventory levels for motorized product lines are generally more closely aligned to dealers desired stocking levels as of the end of July 2023, although carrying costs, chassis availability and retail sales activity have been factors considered as the dealers determine their stocking levels and orders. We believe dealers will continue to closely evaluate the unit stocking levels that they will elect to carry in future periods, which may be less than historical unit stocking levels due to a combination of factors such as retail activity, RV wholesale prices as well as interest rates and other carrying costs. 
 
 The increase in European Recreational Vehicle backlog is primarily a result of increased selling prices. 
 
 Backlog represents unfilled dealer orders on a particular day which can and do fluctuate on a seasonal basis. The manufacturing time in the recreational vehicle business is relatively short. Barring any significant and longer-term material supply constraints, the existing backlogs of the North American Towable, North American Motorized and European Recreational Vehicle segments are expected to be filled in the remainder of calendar 2023 and calendar 2024. 
 
 Product Warranties 
 
 In North America, we generally provide retail purchasers of our recreational vehicles with a one-year or two-year limited warranty against defects in materials and workmanship with longer warranties on certain structural components. In Europe, we generally offer a two-year limited warranty on certain structural components and up to a 12-year warranty against water leakage. The chassis and engines in our motorized RV products are generally warranted for various periods in excess of one year by their manufacturers. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 In the countries where we operate and our products are sold, we are subject to various vehicle safety and compliance standards. Within the United States, we are a member of the RVIA, a voluntary association of recreational vehicle manufacturers which promulgates recreational vehicle safety standards in the United States. We place an RVIA seal on each of our North American recreational vehicles to certify that the RVIA s standards have been met. We also comply with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration NHTSA in the U.S. and with similar standards within Canada and Europe as it relates to the safety of our products. 
 
 Governmental authorities in the regions in which we operate have various environmental control standards relating to air, water and noise pollution which affect our business and operations. For example, these standards, which are generally applicable to all companies, control our choice of paints, our air compressor discharge, the handling of our waste water and the noise emitted by our factories. We rely upon certifications obtained by chassis manufacturers with respect to the compliance of our vehicles with applicable emission control standards. 

8 

Our plants are subject to, and are periodically inspected by, various governmental and industry agencies concerned with health and safety in the workplace to ensure that our plants and products comply with applicable governmental and industry standards. We believe that our products and facilities comply in all material respects with applicable vehicle safety (including those promulgated by NHTSA), environmental, industry, health, employee safety and other required regulations. 
 
 We do not believe that ongoing compliance with the existing regulations discussed above will have a material effect in the foreseeable future on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. However, future developments in regulation and/or policy could impose significant challenges and costs upon our business operations. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The recreational vehicle industry is generally characterized by low barriers to entry. The recreational vehicle market is intensely competitive, with numerous other manufacturers selling products that compete directly with our products. We also compete against consumer demand for used recreational vehicles, particularly during periods of economic downturn, and against other forms of consumer leisure, outdoor or vacation spending priorities. We also experience a certain level of competition among our own operating subsidiaries. Increased activity in the market for used recreational vehicles may also impact manufacturers sales of new products and varies depending on the availability of, and the price differential of, used recreational vehicles compared to new units. Competition in the recreational vehicle industry is based upon price, design, value, quality and service. We believe that the price, design, value and quality of our products and the warranty coverage and service that we provide allow us to compete favorably for retail purchasers of recreational vehicles and consumer leisure spending. There are approximately 80 RV manufacturers in the U.S. and Canada, according to Statistical Surveys, Inc. and approximately 30 RV manufacturers across Europe according to Caravaning Industry Association e.V. 
 
 Our primary RV competitors within the North American Towable and North American Motorized segments are Forest River, Inc. and Winnebago Industries, Inc. We are the largest recreational vehicle manufacturer in North America in terms of both units sold and revenue. According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., for the six months ended June 30, 2023, THOR s current combined U.S. and Canadian market share based on unit retail sales was approximately 42.7 for travel trailers and fifth wheels combined and approximately 49.0 for motorhomes. 
 
 Our primary RV competitors within the European Recreational Vehicle segment are Trigano, Hobby/Fendt, Knaus Tabbert and various vehicle manufacturers. According to CIVD, EHG s current European market share for the six months ended June 30, 2023 based on unit retail sales was approximately 20.6 for motorcaravans and campervans combined and approximately 18.5 for caravans. 
 
 Trademarks and Patents 
 
 We have registered United States trademarks, Canadian trademarks, German trademarks and certain other international trademarks and licenses carrying the principal trade names and model lines under which our products are marketed. We hold and protect certain patents related to our business. We are not dependent upon any patents or technology licenses of others for the conduct of our business. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 Since our founding in 1980, we have been dedicated to our key principles of operating fairly and ethically, with stewardship and transparency, under our core values of community, compassion, trustworthiness and adventure. We believe in the invigorating power of human connection and commit to our team members by teaching our leaders how to nurture, guide and foster strong relationships with them. We strive to treat others with dignity and respect, practicing thankfulness and gratitude. We endeavor to operate in a way that our word is trusted, and we are committed to providing a safe work environment for our team members while empowering them to seize opportunities around them and give them avenues to grow and learn. 
 
 At July 31, 2023, we employed approximately 24,900 full-time employees worldwide, including approximately 15,900 full-time employees in the United States, of which approximately 2,600 were salaried, and approximately 9,000 full-time employees in Europe, of which approximately 4,200 were salaried. As of July 31, 2023, fewer than 200 of our North American employees were represented by certified labor organizations. Our European-based operations are subject to employee contracts, Works Councils and certain other labor organizations. We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees. 

9 

We and our operating subsidiaries share a global commitment to all our stakeholders to foster an inclusive workplace where dignity and respect for team members is encouraged and where each team member is supported to achieve their maximum potential. We believe that our performance is significantly impacted by our human capital management, and, as a result, we consistently strive to attract, select, engage, develop and retain strong, diverse talent as summarized below. 
 
 Competitive Pay and Benefits 
 
 We conduct our operations through subsidiaries located in various regions within North America and Europe, each of which operates independently with its own unique culture. Competitive compensation and benefits packages are tailored to meet the specific needs and expectations of the employees at each of our operating subsidiaries with the goal of attracting and retaining the best talent. 
 
 Team Member Safety and Wellness 
 
 Our commitment to maintaining the health, safety and well-being of each of our team members is reflected in our safety culture. With the ultimate goal of eliminating workplace injuries and hazards, our approach to safety and wellness is supported by consistent and effective communication, the regular sharing of best practices and enhanced Corporate-led safety audits, in addition to both external and internal benchmarking. Each of our operating subsidiaries, in both North America and Europe, has developed and maintain site-specific environmental health and safety plans that align with our overall goal of reducing risk and complying with safety laws, standards and regulations. We require all accidents, injuries, unsafe equipment and hazardous conditions or practices be reported immediately to management so the details can be reviewed to determine what, if any, additional safety measures are warranted to support team member health, safety and well-being. 
 
 The health, safety and wellness of our employees are key priorities for THOR. Our Corporate office and subsidiaries offer competitive benefit packages to employees. For example, as part of our health and welfare benefits, all North American team members have access to the Employee Assistance Program EAP where they can receive up to five free sessions to assist with counseling needs as well as personal and/or work-related concerns. Our EAP services are designed to help provide support for team members who are navigating life issues. 
 
 Inclusion 
 
 We strive to have an inclusive culture which enables our family of companies to be more innovative and responsive to consumer needs and deliver strong sustained performance and growth. Guided by THOR s Inclusion Vision and Mission, each of our operating companies develops and establishes its own specific inclusion strategy. With each strategy, our companies have utilized THOR s Inclusion Framework as a tool and guide to measure effectiveness and goal achievement. THOR's Inclusion Framework focuses on an exceptional employer brand, fostering a connected culture, executive accountability and collaborating with our diverse workforce. 
 
 At THOR, we are committed to: 
 Inspiring an inclusive culture which embraces individual differences; 
 Treating team members fairly and with respect; 
 Establishing a workplace free from discrimination and harassment; 
 Training team members to be aware of their rights and responsibilities in regards to fair treatment; and 
 Providing equal opportunities based on ability, performance and potential. 
 
 Commitment to Ethical Behavior 
 
 Each year, we conduct training with certain employees, based on their role and level in the organization, on our business ethics policy. Providing our team members with resources to help make good decisions through an ethics program cultivates strong teamwork and productivity. Issues can be communicated anonymously using our multilingual, third-party hotline via phone, email or online inquiry systems. Every report is investigated and, if warranted, corrective actions are taken or implemented, and we have a policy that protects team members who report issues from any retaliation. 
 
 For more information on THOR s human capital resources, please visit www.thorindustries.com/sustainability . 
 
 10 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain statements that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements are made based on management s current expectations and beliefs regarding future and anticipated developments and their effects upon THOR, and inherently involve uncertainties and risks. These forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance. We cannot assure you that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. Factors which could cause materially different results include, among others: 
 
 the impact of inflation on the cost of our products as well as on general consumer demand; 
 the effect of raw material and commodity price fluctuations, and/or raw material, commodity or chassis supply constraints; 
 the impact of war, military conflict, terrorism and/or cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored or ransom attacks; 
 the impact of sudden or significant adverse changes in the cost and/or availability of energy or fuel, including those caused by geopolitical events, on our costs of operation, on raw material prices, on our suppliers, on our independent dealers or on retail customers; 
 the dependence on a small group of suppliers for certain components used in production, including chassis; 
 interest rate fluctuations and their potential impact on the general economy and, specifically, on our profitability and on our independent dealers and consumers; 
 the ability to ramp production up or down quickly in response to rapid changes in demand while also managing costs and market share; 
 the level and magnitude of warranty and recall claims incurred; 
 the ability of our suppliers to financially support any defects in their products; 
 legislative, regulatory and tax law and/or policy developments including their potential impact on our independent dealers, retail customers or on our suppliers; 
 the costs of compliance with governmental regulation; 
 the impact of an adverse outcome or conclusion related to current or future litigation or regulatory investigations; 
 public perception of and the costs related to environmental, social and governance matters; 
 legal and compliance issues including those that may arise in conjunction with recently completed transactions; 
 lower consumer confidence and the level of discretionary consumer spending; 
 the impact of exchange rate fluctuations; 
 restrictive lending practices which could negatively impact our independent dealers and/or retail consumers; 
 management changes; 
 the success of new and existing products and services; 
 the ability to maintain strong brands and develop innovative products that meet consumer demands; 
 the ability to efficiently utilize existing production facilities; 
 changes in consumer preferences; 
 the risks associated with acquisitions, including: the pace and successful closing of an acquisition, the integration and financial impact thereof, the level of achievement of anticipated operating synergies from acquisitions, the potential for unknown or understated liabilities related to acquisitions, the potential loss of existing customers of acquisitions and our ability to retain key management personnel of acquired companies; 
 a shortage of necessary personnel for production and increasing labor costs and related employee benefits to attract and retain production personnel in times of high demand; 
 the loss or reduction of sales to key independent dealers, and stocking level decisions of our independent dealers; 
 disruption of the delivery of units to independent dealers or the disruption of delivery of raw materials, including chassis, to our facilities; 
 increasing costs for freight and transportation; 
 the ability to protect our information technology systems from data breaches, cyber-attacks and/or network disruptions; 
 asset impairment charges; 
 competition; 
 11 

the impact of losses under repurchase agreements; 
 the impact of the strength of the U.S. dollar on international demand for products priced in U.S. dollars; 
 general economic, market, public health and political conditions in the various countries in which our products are produced and/or sold; 
 the impact of changing emissions and other related climate change regulations in the various jurisdictions in which our products are produced, used and/or sold; 
 changes to our investment and capital allocation strategies or other facets of our strategic plan; and 
 changes in market liquidity conditions, credit ratings and other factors that may impact our access to future funding and the cost of debt. 
 
 These and other risks and uncertainties are discussed more fully in Item 1A Risk Factors below. 
 
 We disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect any change in our expectations after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based, except as required by law. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports and the Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders are made available, free of charge, on our website, www.thorindustries.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information that is filed electronically with the SEC. The website can be accessed at www.sec.gov . 
 12 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following risk factors should be considered carefully in addition to the other information contained in this filing. 
 
 The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face and represent risks that our management believes are material to our Company and our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem not material may also harm our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 MACROECONOMIC, MARKET AND STRATEGIC RISKS 
 
 RV industry sales volumes can be volatile as the industry is both cyclical and seasonal, making our business subject to significant fluctuations in production rates, sales, net income and stock price. 
 
 The RV industry has historically been characterized by cycles of growth and contraction in consumer demand, generally reflecting prevailing economic and demographic conditions which affect disposable income for leisure-time activities. Changes can impact the RV industry suddenly and severely. Consequently, the results of any prior period may not be indicative of results for any future period. 
 
 In addition to the RV industry cyclicality, we have experienced, and expect to experience in future periods, significant variability in quarterly production rates, sales and net income as a result of annual seasonality in our business. Because recreational vehicles are used primarily by vacationers and campers, demand, sales and profits in the RV industry generally decline during the fall and winter months, while demand, sales and profits are generally highest during the spring and summer months. Various factors such as public health issues, constraints in the labor pool, supply chain disruptions, economic conditions and desired dealer stocking levels have disrupted, and may disrupt in the future, the historical trends in the seasonality of our business in both North America and Europe. 
 
 Our business is structured to quickly align production rates and cost structure to meet rapidly changing market conditions. However, if we are unable to ramp production, and the corresponding workforce, up or down quickly enough in response to rapid changes in demand, we may not be able to effectively manage our costs, which could negatively impact operating results, and we may also lose sales and market share. 
 
 The stock market, in general, experiences volatility that has often been unrelated to the underlying operating performance of companies. Likewise, at various points in our history, our stock price has experienced volatility that has not been correlated to our operating results. If this volatility were to occur in the future, the trading price of our common stock could decline significantly, independent of our actual operating performance. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among other things, the following: 
 Development of new products and features by our competitors; 
 Development of new collaborative arrangements by us, our competitors or other parties; 
 Actual or anticipated changes in government regulations applicable to our business in the various jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 Changes in investor perception of our business and/or management; 
 Changes in global economic conditions or general market conditions in our industry; 
 Changes in interest rates and credit availability and their impact on our industry; 
 Changes in market expectations of our future growth and profitability; 
 Future health crisis developments, including the imposition of various governmental mandates; 
 Occurrence of disruptive or catastrophic economic or political events; and 
 Sales of our common stock held by certain equity investors or members of management. 
 
 The Company s stock price may also reflect expectations regarding our stock repurchase activity and our dividend rate. If we fail to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability, dividends, share repurchases or other market expectations, analysts or investors could change their opinions and/or recommendations regarding our stock and our stock price may decline, which could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence. 

13 

With our global footprint, our business could be adversely affected by macroeconomic and geopolitical developments as well as actual or potential public health emergencies. 
 
 Due to the interconnectedness of the global economy, the challenges of a financial crisis, economic downturn or recession, natural disaster, war, geopolitical crisis, public health emergency or other significant event in one area of the world can have a sudden material adverse impact on markets around the world. RV industry sales volume in our key markets can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession or significant geopolitical event. Our results of operations are generally sensitive to changes in overall economic and political conditions, including recessionary conditions, inflationary or deflationary pressures, prolonged high unemployment rates, significant changes in the cost and/or availability of fuel or energy, low consumer confidence, higher interest rates, restrictions and/or shortages of natural gas or other fuels, terrorism and military conflicts. Historically, we have seen that in times of economic uncertainty, consumers who have less discretionary income generally defer spending on high-cost, discretionary products, such as RVs. Although the RV industry recently experienced increased sales and operating results as a result of the unique consumer demand for recreational vehicles associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, more recently we have seen demand for RVs decrease amid high inflation, rising interest rates, political uncertainty and numerous other macroeconomic indices which have generally worsened in the regions in which we operate. In the event of future economic, political or health crises, we may experience an adverse effect on our financial condition and on our operational performance. 
 
 The industry in which we operate is highly competitive both in North America and in Europe and our requirements as a public company may put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 
 The RV industry is generally characterized by relatively low barriers to entry, which results in a highly competitive business environment. According to Stat Surveys and CIVD, respectively, there are approximately 80 RV manufacturers in the U.S. and Canada and approximately 30 RV manufacturers across Europe. Competition within the industry is based upon price, design, value, quality, service, brand awareness and reputation, as well as other factors. Competitive pressures have, from time to time, resulted in a reduction of our profit margins and/or a reduction in our market share. Sustained increases in these competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, as a public company, we are required to disclose certain information that may put us at a competitive disadvantage compared to certain of our competitors who are either non-public or are not required to disclose specific industry-related information due to the immateriality of that information to their parent company s consolidated operations. 
 
 Due to the robust interest in the RV lifestyle, a number of start-up companies in North America, and certain automotive manufacturers, in both North America and Europe, have recently entered the RV industry with the introduction of products that directly compete with our products. If existing or new competitors develop products that are superior to, are more innovative than, achieve better consumer acceptance than, or are offered at a lower net price to dealers than our products, our market share, sales volume and profit margins may be adversely affected. Not only does our Company compete against numerous existing RV manufacturers, but a number of our operating subsidiaries directly compete with each other. 
 
 In addition to direct competition from other RV manufacturers, we also continuously compete against consumer demand for used recreational vehicles, particularly during periods of economic downturn. Increased availability of used recreational vehicles and significant price differences between new and used recreational vehicles, as a result of an economic downturn or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and our results of operations. 
 
 Finally, we also face competition from other consumer leisure, discretionary and vacation spending alternatives, such as cruises, vacation homes, timeshares, tent camping and other traditional vacations along with other recreational products like boats and motorcycles. Changes in actual or perceived value among these alternatives by consumers could impact our future sales volume and profitability. 
 
 Our long-term success and competitiveness depends on the successful execution of our innovation initiatives. 
 
 A key driver in our historical performance and growth has been our ability to maintain our strong brands and to continuously develop and introduce innovative new and improved products at a reasonable cost that are desired by consumers. Adoption of new technological advances and changing governmental regulatory mandates could result in changes in consumer preferences for recreational vehicles or the types of recreational vehicles consumers prefer. These changes could include shifts to smaller recreational vehicles, electric recreational vehicles, autonomous recreational vehicles or other currently unanticipated changes. Our long-term success and competitiveness depends on our ability to timely, effectively and accurately predict or identify and respond to changing consumer preferences, including an anticipated continued shift in consumer desire for connected recreational vehicles with a focus on ease of use and a high-quality customer experience. 
 
 14 

To successfully execute our long-term strategy, we believe we must continue to develop and successfully market our existing products as well as new products, including lightweight motorized and towable recreational vehicles, electric recreational vehicles with sufficient user range capability and innovative services that enrich the end users RV experience. Our initiatives to invest in the future of the RV industry, including automation of certain of our production processes and investments in new product and service innovation, are likely to be costly and may not be successful. The uncertainties associated with developing and introducing innovative new and improved products and services, such as gauging changing consumer demands and preferences and successfully developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling these products, may impact the success of our product introductions. Further, we cannot be certain that our new product introductions will not reduce revenues from existing models and adversely affect our results of operations. If the products we introduce do not gain widespread market acceptance, or if our competitors new products obtain better market acceptance or render our products obsolete, we could lose sales or be required to reduce our prices, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. In addition, there is no guarantee that our innovation or automation efforts will lead to products or services that will be introduced to market or that an initial product or service concept or design will result in a unit that generates sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be profitable. 
 
 OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 
 We are highly dependent on our suppliers to deliver raw materials and component parts timely and in sufficient quantities to meet our production demands. 
 
 We depend on timely and sufficient delivery of raw materials and component parts from our suppliers. If there is a shortage of raw materials or component parts in our supply chain or a supplier is unable to deliver raw materials and component parts to us because of a production issue, limited availability of materials, shipping problems or other reason, the shortage may disrupt our operations or increase our cost of production. For example, in fiscal 2023, ongoing supply chain constraints of component parts other than chassis, primarily within our European operations, had a negative impact on our business and our consolidated financial results and financial position, and we expect supply constraints of certain of these other components to continue through at least the first half of fiscal 2024. 
 
 Raw materials and component parts are generally sourced from a number of suppliers that may not have: (1) the ability to meet our needs timely or completely, (2) the financial reserves or borrowing power to successfully manage through an economic hardship or (3) the ability to financially support potential warranty or recall demands. Additionally, some of our suppliers have in the past discontinued, or could in the future discontinue, their business or the materials or component parts we currently acquire from them with little to no warning. If we are not adequately sourced for certain raw materials or key component parts, the discontinuation of even some smaller suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The North American and European RV industries have, from time to time in the past, experienced shortages of chassis for various other reasons, including component shortages, production delays, capacity constraints, labor constraints and work stoppages at the chassis manufacturers. For example, from calendar year 2020 through 2023, a number of our North American and European chassis suppliers have experienced supply constraints of key components that they require to manufacture chassis, including semiconductor chips, which limited their production of chassis. The reduced supply of chassis negatively impacted our production rates and sales of motorized RVs, particularly in Europe, during this period. In addition, within our European operations, unpredictable deliveries of chassis by the chassis manufacturers during this same period had a further negative impact on our results of operations due to missed sales plus increased labor and overhead costs related to adjusting our own production schedules to accommodate the chassis received versus the chassis expected to be delivered. Such conditions could reoccur in the future and would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 
 In addition, certain raw materials and component parts are sourced from countries where we do not currently have operations. We rely on the free flow of goods through open and operational ports on a consistent basis for a portion of our raw materials and components. Changes in trade policy and resulting tariffs that have or may be imposed, along with port, production or other delays, have, in the past, and could, in the future, cause increased costs for, or shortages of, certain raw materials and components. We may not be able to source alternative supplies as necessary without increased costs or at all. If alternative sources of these raw materials and components are not readily available, our sales and earnings could be negatively affected. 
 
 Fluctuations in the prices of raw material and component parts may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Raw material and component part prices have fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to fluctuate considerably in the future. Competition and business conditions may limit the amount or timing of cost increases that can be passed on to our customers in the form of increased sales prices. Conversely, as raw material costs decline, we may not be able to maintain selling prices consistent with higher-cost raw materials in our inventory, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 15 

We rely on a small number of suppliers for certain key components, including chassis, and we may not be able to source these key components from alternative suppliers. 
 
 Certain key components are currently produced by only a small group of suppliers that have the capacity to supply large quantities, primarily: (1) motorized chassis, where there are a limited number of chassis suppliers, and (2) doors, towable frames, slide-out mechanisms, axles and upholstered furniture for our recreational vehicles, where LCI Industries is a major supplier for these items within the North American RV industry. 
 
 Continued consolidation within our key component supplier base inhibits our ability to source components from alternative suppliers and could result in increased component costs and/or a lack of adequate supply, which in turn may result in decreased margins, higher wholesale product costs or limited production output, which could, ultimately, result in lower demand for our products, decreased sales and reduced operating results. 
 
 In addition, as is standard in the industry, our arrangements with chassis and other suppliers are generally terminable at any time either by us or by the supplier. If we cannot obtain an adequate supply of chassis, raw materials or other key components, this would result in a decrease in our sales and earnings. 
 
 We may incur material costs related to product recalls, customer satisfaction actions and complying with our recall obligations for both our products and for component parts supplied by vendors. 
 
 We provide warranties on the products we sell. These warranties vary depending on the type of product and geographic location of the sale; however, in general, our warranties promise that we will repair, replace or adjust parts on our products that are not performing within acceptable standards or tolerances. These warranties extend to some, but not all, of our vendor-supplied raw materials and component parts as well. Estimated warranty costs are accounted for at the time of product sale and adjusted on a quarterly basis to reflect our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing and future claims on our products. An increase in actual warranty claim costs as compared to our estimates could result in increased warranty liabilities and expense which could have an adverse impact on our earnings. 
 
 Government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy issues related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and we regularly engage in voluntary recalls when we determine our products may have a safety issue. Issues subject to recall include both materials and workmanship from our companies as well as component parts supplied by vendors. The cost of certain recall and customer satisfaction actions have been substantial in the past and future recalls or customer satisfaction actions to remedy issues in products that have been sold could also be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, multiple recalls to address safety or significant operating concerns could erode consumer confidence in our brands resulting in lower sales and an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Although we maintain appropriate reserves for such recall contingencies, from time to time we have been and likely will again be faced with specific campaigns that result in material expense. To mitigate this risk, we endeavor to compel our suppliers to maintain appropriate levels of insurance coverage and agree to commercially reasonable indemnification requirements. Our efforts may not be successful and the failure of suppliers to maintain sufficient insurance coverage or provide meaningful indemnification protection could result in increased expense and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our business and results of operations may be harmed if the frequency and size of product liability or other claims against us increase. 
 
 We are subject, in the ordinary course of business, to litigation involving product liability, consumer protection and other claims against us. In North America, we generally self-insure a portion of our exposure to product liability and certain other claims and also purchase product liability coverage above our self-insured retention. In Europe, we generally fully insure similar risks with insurance offering relatively low deductibles and premiums. Not all risks we face are covered by insurance, nor can we be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future claims against us. Any material change in the aforementioned factors could have an adverse impact on our operating results. Any increase in the frequency and/or size of claims, as compared to our experience in prior years, may cause the premiums that we are required to pay for insurance to increase significantly, may negatively impact future self-insured retention levels and may also increase the amounts we pay in punitive damages, not all of which are covered by our insurance policies. 
 
 While we record, and adjust on a quarterly basis, reserves for known claims or possible claims to reflect our best estimate of the amount necessary to settle the claim, litigation is unpredictable by its nature and final adjudications may be materially worse than our estimate. 
 
 16 

The loss of our largest independent dealer or an increase in independent dealer consolidations could have a material negative effect on our business. 
 
 Sales to FreedomRoads, LLC accounted for approximately 13.0 of our consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. During recent years, FreedomRoads, LLC has acquired a number of formerly independent RV dealerships. The leverage to negotiate better terms with us arising from FreedomRoads, LLC s acquisitions or the loss of independent dealers could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, deterioration in the liquidity or creditworthiness of FreedomRoads, LLC could negatively impact our sales and accounts receivable and could, in the event of a financing default, trigger repurchase obligations under our repurchase agreements, which would have a significant adverse effect on our liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Recently, a number of other U.S.-based independent dealers have acquired, and continue to acquire, formerly independent RV dealerships, resulting in further independent dealer concentration and improved negotiating leverage for these multi-location dealers. Continued consolidation in the U.S. independent dealer network could negatively impact our sales or gross margins and increase the concentration of our exposure under repurchase obligations related to independent dealers. 
 
 A material portion of our revenue is derived from sales of our products to international sources. 
 
 Combined sales from the United States to foreign countries (predominately Canada) and sales from our foreign subsidiaries to countries other than the U.S. (predominately within the European Union) represented approximately 33.1 of THOR s consolidated sales for fiscal 2023. Global political uncertainty poses risks of volatility in global markets, which could negatively affect our operations and financial results. Changes in U.S. policy regarding foreign trade or manufacturing may create negative sentiment about the U.S. among non-U.S. dealers, end customers, employees or prospective employees, all of which could adversely affect our business, sales, hiring and employee retention. 
 
 Implications related to our non-U.S. sales have negatively impacted our financial operating results in the past and are likely to reoccur in the future at varying levels. These implications include foreign currency effects, tariffs, customs duties, inflation, difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems, compliance with international laws, treaties and regulations, unexpected changes in regulatory or tax environments, disruptions in supply or distribution, dependence on foreign personnel and various employee work agreements, foreign governmental action, as well as economic and social instability. In addition, there may be tax inefficiencies in repatriating cash from non-U.S. subsidiaries or unfavorable tax law changes. 
 
 Our U.S.-based subsidiaries have expenses and sales denominated in U.S. dollars. Sales by our U.S.-based subsidiaries into the Canadian market are subject to currency risk as devaluation of the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar may negatively impact U.S.-dollar denominated sales into Canada. Our European-based subsidiaries primarily have Euro-denominated expenses, sales and assets which are subject to changes in the Euro and U.S. dollar currency exchange rate. To offset a portion of this currency risk, the EHG acquisition was partially funded through a Euro-denominated Term Loan B, which provides an economic hedge. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the future could have a material negative effect on our reported revenues and results of operations. 
 
 Business acquisitions pose integration and other risks. 
 
 Our growth has been achieved both organically and through acquisition. Business acquisitions, including joint ventures and other equity investment arrangements, pose a number of risks, including integration risks, that may result in negative consequences to our business, financial condition or results of operations. The pace and significance of acquisitions and the nature and extent of integration of acquired companies, assets, operations, joint venture arrangements and other equity investment arrangements involve a number of related risks including, but not limited to: 
 The diversion of management s attention from the management of existing operations to various transaction and integration activities; 
 The potential for disruption to existing operations and strategic plans; 
 The assimilation and retention of employees, including key employees; 
 Risks related to transacting business in geographies outside the U.S., including but not limited to: foreign currency exchange rate changes, expanded macroeconomic risks due to operations in and sales to a wide base of countries, political and regulatory exposures to a wide array of countries, varying employee/employer relationships, including the existence of Works Councils and labor organizations and other challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions; 
 Risks related to regulatory environments or product categories with which we have limited or no experience, 
 17 

Risks related to acquisitions outside of our historical RV OEM operations, which may carry new and less well known operational challenges; 
 The ability of our management teams to manage expanded operations, including international operations, to meet operational and financial expectations; 
 The integration of departments and systems, including accounting systems, technologies, books and records, controls and procedures; 
 The adverse impact on profitability if acquired operations, joint ventures or other equity investments do not achieve expected financial results or realize the synergies and other benefits expected; 
 The potential loss of, or adverse effects on, existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 
 The assumption of liabilities of the acquired businesses, which could be greater than anticipated; 
 The potential failure of our due diligence efforts to identify and properly evaluate risks or liabilities acquired or assumed in acquisition transactions; 
 The potential negative impact on available cash and/or future cash flows to support acquisitions, joint ventures or equity investments and related commitments; and 
 The potential adverse impact on operating results if, in future periods, impairments of significant amounts of goodwill and other assets occur. 
 
 Our long-term viability and financial success is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain an experienced and skilled workforce, including within our management teams, while also maintaining a flexible and competitive compensation and benefit cost structure. 
 
 We rely on the existence of an available, qualified workforce to manufacture our products and on our ability to recruit and retain talented hourly and salaried employees. Competition for such employees is intense in the areas where we operate, particularly during periods of high industry demand as such periods require us to pay higher wages to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. We cannot be certain that we will be able to attract and retain qualified employees to meet future manufacturing needs at a reasonable cost, or at all. 
 
 Within our U.S.-based operations, we incur significant costs with respect to employee healthcare and workers compensation benefits. We are self-insured for these employee healthcare and workers compensation benefits up to certain defined retention limits. If costs related to these or other employee benefits increase as a result of increased healthcare costs in the U.S., increased utilization of such benefits as a result of increased claims, new or revised U.S. governmental mandates or otherwise, our operating results and financial condition may suffer. Within our European-based operations, we incur significant costs with respect to employee benefits which are largely governed by country and regional regulations. New or revised governmental mandates may also cause our operating results and financial condition to suffer. 
 
 In addition to compensation considerations, potential employees are placing an increasing premium on various tangible and intangible benefits, such as working for companies with a clear purpose, flexible work arrangements, limited overtime requirements, increased benefit packages and other considerations. If we are not perceived as an employer of choice, we may be unable to recruit and retain skilled employees. Further, if we lose existing employees with needed skills or we are unable to upskill and develop existing employees, particularly with the introduction of new technologies, it could have a substantial adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 We rely heavily upon the knowledge, experience and skills of our executive management and key operating company management employees to compete effectively in the RV industry and manage our operations. Our future success depends on, among other factors, our ability to attract and retain executive management and key leadership level personnel and, upon the departure of such key employees, the existence of adequate succession plans. The loss of members of our executive management or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations in the event that our succession plans prove inadequate. 
 
 We could be impacted by the potential adverse effects of union activities. 
 
 Our European-based operations are subject to employee contracts, Works Councils and certain other labor organizations, and a small number of our North American employees are currently represented by a labor union. Any disruption in our relationships with these third-party associations could adversely affect the cost of our labor and our ability to attract and retain qualified employees to meet our manufacturing needs. Additional unionization of our North American facilities could result in higher costs and increased risk of work stoppages. 
 18 

We also are, directly or indirectly, dependent upon companies with unionized work forces, such as parts suppliers, chassis suppliers and trucking and freight companies. Work stoppages or strikes organized by such third-party unions have in the past and could again in the future have a material adverse impact on our business. If a work stoppage occurs, it could delay the manufacture, sale and distribution of our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Our business depends on the performance of independent, non-franchise authorized dealers and independent transportation carriers. 
 
 We distribute all of our North American and the majority of our European products through a system of independent, non-franchise authorized dealers, many of whom sell products from competing manufacturers. As of July 31, 2023, we distributed our products to approximately 2,400 independent dealerships in the United States and approximately 1,100 independent dealerships in Europe. We operate two dealerships in Europe. We depend on the capability of these independent dealers to develop and implement effective retail sales plans to create demand among retail consumers for the products that the dealers purchase from us. If our independent dealers are not successful in these endeavors, then we may be unable to maintain or grow our revenues and meet our financial expectations. The geographic coverage of our independent dealers and their individual business conditions can affect the ability of our independent dealers to sell our products to consumers. If our independent dealers are unsuccessful, they may exit or be forced to exit the business or, in some cases, we may seek to terminate relationships with certain dealerships. As a result, we could face adverse consequences related to the termination of independent dealer relationships. In addition, ongoing consolidation of independent dealers, as well as the growth of large, multi-location dealers, has in the past and could in the future result in increased bargaining power on the part of these independent dealers. 
 
 Given the independent nature of the dealers who sell our product, they generally maintain control over which manufacturers, and which brands, they will do business with, often carrying more than one manufacturer s products. Independent dealers can, and do, change the brands and manufacturers they sell. If our products are not perceived by the independent dealers as being desirable and profitable for them to carry, the dealers may terminate their relationship with our operating subsidiaries or may drop certain of our brands, which would in turn adversely affect our sales and profit margins if we are unable to replace those dealers. 
 
 In the United States and Canada, our products are generally delivered to our independent dealers via a system of independent transportation contractors. The network of carriers is limited, and in times of high demand and limited availability, we have experienced in the past, and could face again, the disruption of our distribution channel. As an example, the network of carriers and their ability to deliver units to certain locations was negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic due to driver concerns, border crossing restrictions and vaccination requirements. If future health emergencies or other circumstances that inhibit transportation of our products emerge in the regions in which we operate or sell our products, the transportation contractors may again have difficulty finding drivers who are willing to deliver in those regions, or governmental agencies or other actors may restrict movement of goods in those regions. The inability to timely deliver our products to our independent dealers could adversely affect our relationships with those dealers and negatively impact our sales and net income. 

19 

Interruption of information systems service or misappropriation or breach of our information systems could cause disruption to our operations, disclosure of confidential or personal information or cause damage to our reputation. 
 
 Our business relies on information systems and other technology information systems to support aspects of our global business operations, including, but not limited to, procurement, supply chain management, manufacturing, design, distribution, invoicing, financial transactions with banks and financing institutions and other transactions with various third-party providers. We also use information systems to accumulate, analyze and report our operational results. In connection with our use of information systems, we obtain, create and maintain confidential and personal information. Additionally, we rely upon information systems in our marketing and communication efforts. Due to our reliance on our information systems, we have established various levels of security as well as backup and disaster recovery procedures. Despite our security measures and business continuity plans, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage, disruption or shutdowns caused by cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored attacks, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, phishing attacks or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees and others who have access, or gain access, to these systems. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the confidentiality, operational integrity and accessibility of these systems and the data that resides within them and our business processes and operations may be negatively impacted in the event of a substantial or prolonged disruption of service caused by such events. THOR, along with others within the RV industry, including suppliers, dealers and third-party providers, have been the target of cyber-attacks in the past, and such attacks are expected to continue and evolve in the future. While we continually employ capabilities, processes and other security measures designed to reduce and mitigate the risk of cyber-attacks, we rely on our suppliers, independent dealers and third-party providers to do the same for their operations; however, we may not be aware of all vulnerabilities and such preventative measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be sufficient in all circumstances to mitigate all potential risks. 
 
 The methods and technologies used to obtain unauthorized access to our information systems are constantly changing as are laws and regulations concerning data protection and privacy. While we have implemented and regularly review robust security measures and processes designed to prevent and detect unauthorized access to our information systems, we may not be able to anticipate and effectively prevent unauthorized access or data loss in the future. The misuse, leakage, unauthorized access or falsification of information could result in a violation of privacy laws, including the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and laws applicable in North America and the United States, and damage to our reputation which could, in turn, have a significant, negative impact on our results of operations, as a result of fines, remediation costs or other direct or indirect ramifications. 
 
 Our U.S.-based operations are primarily centered in northern Indiana. 
 
 The majority of our U.S. operations are located in northern Indiana, which is home to a large proportion of the U.S. RV industry. The concentration of our operations in northern Indiana creates certain risks, including those listed below which we have experienced in the past and may experience in the future: 
 Competition for workers skilled in the industry, especially during times of low unemployment or periods of high demand for RVs, which has in the past, and may, in the future, increase the cost of our labor or limit the speed at which we can respond to changes in consumer demand; 
 Retention and recruitment challenges as employees with industry knowledge and experience have been, and may continue to be, attracted to other positions or opportunities within or external to the RV industry, and their ability to change employers is relatively easy; and 
 The potential for greater adverse impact from natural disasters, such as weather-related events and public health emergencies. 
 
 In addition, a number of our key suppliers are also located in northern Indiana and are impacted by similar risks. 
 
 LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 
 Climate-related regulations and ongoing compliance requirements with chassis emissions standards designed to address climate change may result in additional required disclosures and related compliance costs, in both the U.S. and Europe. 
 
 Our operations and certain motorized products we sell are subject to rules limiting emissions and other climate-related regulations in certain jurisdictions where we operate or sell our products. In addition, our towable products are generally towed by vehicles that would also be subject to emission and climate-related regulations. Concerns regarding climate change at numerous levels of government in various jurisdictions may lead to additional and potentially more stringent international, national, regional and local legislative and regulatory responses, and compliance with any new rules could be difficult and costly. 
 20 

Climate change regulation combined with public sentiment could result in reduced demand for our products, higher energy and fuel prices or carbon taxes, limitations on where we can produce or sell our products, limitations on where our products can be used or other restrictions or costs, all of which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Furthermore, we obtain motorized chassis from a number of different chassis suppliers who are required to comply with strict emission standards. As governmental agencies revise those standards, the chassis manufacturers must comply within the timeframes established. Uncertainties created by continued emission standards compliance requirements or the adoption of revised emission standards include the ability of the chassis manufacturer to comply with such standards on a timely and ongoing basis as well as the ability to produce sufficient quantities of compliant chassis to meet our demand. In the past, certain chassis manufacturers have experienced difficulties in meeting one or both of these requirements. In addition, revisions to chassis by the suppliers often impact our engineering and production processes and may result in increased chassis costs and/or other costs to us. 
 
 Increased public attention to environmental, social and governance matters may expose us to negative public perception, impose additional costs on our business or impact our stock price. 
 
 Recently, increased attention is being directed towards publicly traded companies regarding environmental, social and governance ESG matters. A failure, or perceived failure, to achieve stated ESG goals, respond to regulatory requirements or meet investor or customer expectations related to ESG concerns could cause harm to our business and reputation. For example, our RV products are powered by gasoline and diesel engines or are required to be towed by gasoline or diesel-powered vehicles. Government, media or activist pressure to limit emissions could negatively impact consumers perceptions of our products which could have a material adverse effect on our business, and the actions taken by governments and other actors to reduce emissions could impose costs that could materially affect our results of operation and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, while we strive to create an inclusive culture and workforce where everyone feels valued and respected, a failure, or perceived failure, to properly address inclusivity matters could result in reputational harm, reduced sales or an inability to attract and retain a talented workforce. 
 
 Organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and other matters have developed rating systems for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG. Unfavorable ESG ratings may lead to negative investor sentiment which could have a negative impact on our stock price. 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous national, regional, federal, state and local regulations in the various countries in which we operate, sell and/or use our products. 
 
 Our operations are subject to numerous national, regional, federal, state and local regulations governing the manufacture and sale of our products, including various vehicle and component safety and compliance standards. In various jurisdictions, governmental agencies require a manufacturer to recall and repair vehicles which contain certain hazards or defects. Any recalls of our products, voluntary or involuntary, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and could harm our reputation. Additionally, changes in policy, regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our U.S. operations are also subject to federal and numerous state consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations relating to the sale, transportation and marketing of motor vehicles, including so-called lemon laws. U.S. federal and state, as well as various European laws and regulations, impose upon vehicle operators various restrictions on the weight, length and width of motor vehicles that may be operated in certain jurisdictions or on certain roadways. Certain jurisdictions also prohibit the sale of vehicles exceeding length restrictions. U.S. federal and state, as well as various European, authorities have environmental control standards relating to air, water, noise pollution and hazardous waste generation and disposal which affect our business and operations. Numerous other U.S. and European laws and regulations affect a wide range of the Company s activities. A suggestion of or an investigation into potential violations of the laws and regulations to which our business or operations are subject could lead to significant penalties, including restraints on our export or import privileges, monetary fines, criminal or civil proceedings and regulatory or other actions that could materially adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 We are also subject, in the ordinary course of business, to litigation and claims arising from numerous labor and employment laws and regulations, including potential class action claims arising from alleged violations of such laws and regulations. Any liability arising from such claims would not ordinarily fall within the scope of our insurance coverages. An adverse outcome from such litigation could have a material effect on operating results. 
 
 21 

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 
 Certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Amended and Restated By-Laws and the Delaware General Corporation Law may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 
 
 These provisions provide for, among other things: 
 The ability of our Board of Directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock without further stockholder action; 
 Advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to present matters to be considered at our annual meetings; 
 Certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings; 
 A requirement of the affirmative vote of the holders of 75 of our shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors voting as a single class to remove a director without cause; 
 A requirement that any business combination, as defined in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, that has not been approved or authorized by 75 of our directors then in office be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of our shares entitled to vote generally for the election of directors, voting as a single class; and 
 The prohibition on engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for three years after the time at which a person became an interested stockholder unless certain conditions are met, as set forth in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
 These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 
 
 FINANCIAL RISKS 
 
 As is customary, we have executed repurchase agreements with numerous lending institutions who finance certain of our independent dealers' purchases of our products. 
 
 In accordance with customary practice in the RV industry, upon the request of a lending institution financing an independent dealer s purchase of our products, we will generally execute a repurchase agreement with the lending institution. Repurchase agreements provide that, typically for a period of up to 18 months after a recreational vehicle is financed and in the event of default by the dealer, we will repurchase the recreational vehicle repossessed by the lending institution for the amount then due, which is usually less than 100 of the dealer s cost. In addition to the obligations under these repurchase agreements, we may also be required to repurchase inventory relative to dealer terminations in certain states in accordance with state laws or regulatory requirements. 
 
 The difference between the gross repurchase price and the price at which the repurchased product can then be resold, which is typically at a discount to the original sale price, is an expense to us. Thus, if we are obligated to repurchase a substantial number of recreational vehicles or incur substantial discounting to resell these units in the future, we would incur increased costs and our profit margins and results of operations would be negatively affected. In difficult economic times, this amount could increase significantly compared to other years. 
 
 Changes in tax rates, tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities or tariffs could have a negative impact on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, dividend payments or strategic plan. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among, and the applicable tax rates in, these different jurisdictions. Tax rates in various jurisdictions in which we operate or sell our products may increase to fund past or future governmental programs. The United States or other governmental authorities may adjust tax rates, impose new income taxes or indirect taxes, or revise interpretations of existing tax rules and regulations. Further, the outcome of future elections and the associated political party with power to enact legislation could make tax increases more likely and more severe. 

22 

Our effective income tax rate could also be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in statutory rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. If our effective tax rate were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of our taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could negatively impact the availability of cash for dividend payments or our strategic plan. 
 
 We could incur asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets. 
 
 We have a material amount of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. At least annually, we review goodwill for impairment. Long-lived assets, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill are also reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable from future cash flows. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business or other factors. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired, a non-cash impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset or reporting unit exceeds its fair value at the time of measurement. Our determination of future cash flows, future recoverability and fair value of our long-lived assets includes significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in those estimates or assumptions or lower-than-anticipated future financial performance may result in the identification of an impaired asset and a non-cash impairment charge, which could be material. Any such charge could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our business is affected by the availability and terms of financing to independent dealers and retail purchasers. 
 
 Generally, independent recreational vehicle dealers finance their purchases of inventory with financing provided by lending institutions. A decrease in the availability of this type of wholesale financing, more restrictive lending practices or an increase in the cost of such wholesale financing has historically limited or prevented independent dealers from carrying normalized levels of inventory, which led to reduced demand for our products, lower sales, higher discounts to entice sales and an adverse impact to our results of operations. 
 
 The impact of recent inflation on consumer confidence, which historically has been highly correlated with RV retail sales, and the impact of inflation on the availability of discretionary funds of our end consumers, combined with significantly higher interest rates compared to recent years impacting both our independent dealers and the end consumer, has had a negative impact on demand for our products at both the wholesale and retail levels. Future substantial or sudden increases in interest rates and decreases in the general availability of credit could have an adverse impact on our independent dealers and therefore on our business and results of operations. A decrease in availability of consumer credit resulting from unfavorable economic conditions, or additional increases in the cost of consumer credit, may cause consumers to reduce discretionary spending which could, in turn, reduce demand for our products and negatively affect our sales and profitability. 
 
 Two major floor plan financial institutions held approximately 51 of our products portion of our independent dealers total floored dollars outstanding at July 31, 2023. In the event that either of these lending institutions limit or discontinue dealer financing, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The Company s debt arrangements, maturity dates and provisions in our debt agreements may make us more sensitive to the effects of economic downturns. 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, total gross outstanding debt was 1,327,405, consisting of 758,094 outstanding on our term loan facility which matures on February 1, 2026; 500,000 of Senior Unsecured Notes due October 15, 2029 and 69,311 outstanding on other debt facilities with varying maturity dates through September 2032. Our loan documents contain restrictions which could prevent or restrict, in certain circumstances, operations, payment of dividends or incurrence of additional debt. In addition, we must make mandatory prepayments of principal under the term loan agreement upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including certain asset sales, debt issuance and generation of annual cash flows in excess of certain amounts. Our level of debt impacts our profit before tax and cash flows as a result of the interest expense and periodic debt and interest payments. In addition, our debt level could limit our ability to raise additional capital, if necessary, or increase borrowing costs on future debt if we are unable to replace existing debt with comparable new debt and may have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, requiring us to use a portion of our cash flows to repay indebtedness and placing us at a disadvantage compared to competitors with lower debt obligations. 

23 

Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. If we do not generate sufficient cash flows to meet our debt service, capital investment and working capital requirements, we may need to fund those requirements with additional borrowings from the asset-based credit facility ABL ), reduce or cease our payments of dividends, reduce our level of capital investment and/or working capital or we may need to seek additional financing or sell assets. 
 
 Availability under the ABL agreement is subject to a borrowing base calculated based on a percentage of applicable eligible receivables and eligible inventory. As such, we may not have full access to our current ABL availability based on the actual borrowing base calculation at any future period. 
 
 Changes in market liquidity conditions, credit ratings and other factors may impact our access to future funding and the cost of debt. 
 
 Significant changes in market liquidity conditions and changes in our credit ratings could impact our access to future funding, if needed, and funding costs, which could negatively impact our earnings and cash flows. If general economic conditions deteriorate or capital markets are volatile, future funding, if needed, could be unavailable or insufficient. A debt crisis, particularly in the United States or Europe, could negatively impact currencies, global financial markets, social and political stability, funding sources, availability and costs, asset and obligation values, customers, suppliers, demand for our products and our operations and financial results. Financial market conditions could also negatively impact dealer or retail customer access to capital for purchases of our products and consumer confidence and purchase decisions which could, in turn, reduce demand for our products and have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in achieving their purposes. 
 
 There is no assurance our monitoring and oversight activities to manage our enterprise risks will be fully effective in achieving their purpose and may leave exposure to identified or unidentified risks. Past or future misconduct by our employees or vendors could result in violations of law by us, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm. The Company monitors its policies, procedures and controls; however, our policies, procedures and controls may not be sufficient to prevent all forms of misconduct. We review our compensation policies and practices as part of our overall enterprise risk management program, but it is possible that our compensation policies could incentivize inappropriate risk taking or misconduct. Such inappropriate risk taking or misconduct could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and/or our financial condition. 

24 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, worldwide we owned or leased approximately 25,803,000 square feet of total manufacturing plant and office space. We believe that our present facilities, consisting primarily of steel clad, steel or wood frame and masonry construction, and the machinery and equipment contained in these facilities, are generally well maintained and in good condition. We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate for their intended purposes and that we would be able to obtain replacements for our leased premises at acceptable costs should our leases not be renewed. 
 
 The following table describes the location, number and size of our principal manufacturing plants and other materially important physical properties as of July 31, 2023: 
 
 Locations Applicable Segment(s) Owned or Leased No. of Buildings Approximate Building Area Square Feet United States: Indiana North American Towable Segment Owned 88 6,470,000 Indiana North American Towable Segment Leased 3 267,000 Indiana North American Towable and Motorized Segments Owned 40 2,856,000 Indiana North American Motorized Segment Owned 18 1,200,000 Indiana Corporate, North American Towable and Motorized Segments Owned 24 1,465,000 Indiana Corporate, North American Towable and Motorized Segments Leased 1 1,000 Indiana Other Owned 4 341,000 Indiana Other Leased 9 779,000 Indiana Subtotal 187 13,379,000 Ohio North American Towable and Motorized Segments Owned 13 1,336,000 Alabama North American Motorized Segment Owned 29 1,120,000 Alabama North American Motorized Segment Leased 4 32,000 Mississippi North American Motorized Segment Owned 8 240,000 Mississippi North American Motorized Segment Leased 6 330,000 Michigan North American Towable Segment Leased 1 88,000 Michigan Other Owned 1 10,000 Michigan Other Leased 5 300,000 Idaho North American Towable Segment Owned 5 661,000 Oregon North American Towable Segment Owned 5 371,000 Other United States Other Owned 3 486,000 Other United States Other Leased 5 183,000 Other Subtotal 85 5,157,000 United States Subtotal 272 18,536,000 Europe: Germany European Segment Owned 82 3,941,000 Germany European Segment Leased 39 1,457,000 Italy European Segment Owned 3 568,000 Italy European Segment Leased 6 256,000 Italy Other Leased 1 118,000 France European Segment Owned 6 330,000 Poland European Segment Owned 1 328,000 United Kingdom European Segment Owned 1 269,000 Europe Subtotal 139 7,267,000 Total 411 25,803,000 
 25 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company is involved in certain litigation arising out of its operations in the normal course of its business, most of which is based upon state lemon laws, warranty claims and vehicle accidents in North America (for which the Company carries insurance above a specified self-insured retention or deductible amount). The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company are subject to significant uncertainty. There is significant judgment required in assessing both the probability of an adverse outcome and the determination as to whether an exposure can be reasonably estimated. In management s opinion, the ultimate disposition of any current legal proceedings or claims against the Company will not have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, operating results or cash flows. Litigation is, however, inherently uncertain and an adverse outcome from such litigation could have a material effect on the operating results of a particular reporting period. 
 
 A product recall was issued in late fiscal 2021 related to certain purchased parts utilized in certain of our products, and an accrued liability to cover anticipated costs was established at that time. During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023, the accrual was adjusted quarterly based on developments involving the recall, including our expectations regarding the extent of vendor reimbursements and the estimated total cost of the recall. The Company has been, and will continue to be, reimbursed by the suppliers of the products for a portion of the costs it will incur related to this recall. In addition, we accrued expenses during fiscal 2022 based on developments related to an ongoing investigation by certain German-based authorities regarding the adequacy of historical disclosures of vehicle weight in advertisements and other Company-provided marketing literature in Germany. The Company is fully cooperating with the investigation. 
 
 The Company does not believe there will be a material adverse impact to our future results of operations and cash flows due to these matters. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 26 

PART II 

Unless otherwise indicated, all Dollar and Euro amounts are presented in thousands except per share data. 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 The Company s Common Stock, par value 0.10 per share (the Common Stock ), is traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol THO. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of September 15, 2023, the number of holders of record of the Common Stock was 139. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 In fiscal 2023, we paid a 0.45 per share dividend for each fiscal quarter. In fiscal 2022, we paid a 0.43 per share dividend for each fiscal quarter. 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors currently intends to continue regular quarterly cash dividend payments in the future. As is customary under credit facilities generally, certain actions, including our ability to pay dividends, are subject to the satisfaction of certain payment conditions prior to payment. The conditions for the payment of dividends under our existing debt facilities include a minimum level of adjusted excess cash availability and a fixed charge coverage ratio test, both as defined in the credit agreements. The declaration of future dividends and the establishment of the per share amounts, record dates and payment dates for any such future dividends are subject to the determination of the Board of Directors, and will be dependent upon future earnings, cash flows and other factors, in addition to compliance with any then-existing financing facilities. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information see Item 12. 
 27 

ITEM 6. (RESERVED) 

28 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all Dollar and Euro amounts are presented in thousands except per share data. 
 
 Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 The discussion below is a comparison of the results of operations and changes in financial condition for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. The comparison of, and changes between, the fiscal years ended July 31, 2022 and 2021 can be found within "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on September 28, 2022. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 We were founded in 1980 and have grown to become the largest manufacturer of recreational vehicles RVs in the world based on units sold and revenue. We are also the largest manufacturer of RVs in North America, and one of the largest manufacturers of RVs in Europe. In North America, according to Stat Surveys, for the six months ended June 30, 2023, THOR s current combined U.S. and Canadian market share based on units was approximately 42.7 for travel trailers and fifth wheels combined and approximately 49.0 for motorhomes. In Europe, according to the European Caravan Federation ECF ), EHG s current market share for the six months ended June 30, 2023 based on units was approximately 20.6 for motorcaravans and campervans combined and approximately 18.5 for caravans. 
 
 Our business model includes decentralized operating units, and our RV products are primarily sold to independent, non-franchise dealers who, in turn, retail those products. Our growth has been achieved both organically and through acquisition, and our strategy is designed to increase our profitability by driving innovation, servicing our customers, manufacturing quality products, improving the efficiencies of our facilities and making strategic growth acquisitions. 
 
 We generally do not finance dealers directly, but we do provide repurchase agreements to the dealers floor plan lenders. 
 
 We generally have financed our growth through a combination of internally generated cash flows from operations and, when needed, outside credit facilities. Capital acquisitions of 208,908 in fiscal 2023 were made primarily for purchases of land, production building additions and improvements and replacing machinery and equipment used in the ordinary course of business. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for capital acquisitions by segment. Ongoing supply chain constraints, particularly chassis constraints within our European operations, have and could continue to impact our business and our consolidated financial results and financial position. In addition, the impact of recent inflation on consumer confidence, which historically has been highly correlated with RV retail sales, and the impact of inflation on the availability of discretionary funds of our end consumers, combined with significantly higher interest rates compared to recent years impacting both our independent dealers and the end consumer, had a negative impact on demand for our products at both the wholesale and retail levels during fiscal 2023 and are expected to continue to impact the remainder of calendar year 2023. These risks to our business are more fully described in Part 1, Item 1A "Risk Factors" of this Report. 
 
 Significant Events 
 
 Fiscal 2023 
 
 Roadpass Digital 
 
 Effective December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Subscription and Contribution Agreement with TechNexus Holdings LLC TechNexus ), whereby the Company transferred TH2Connect, LLC d/b/a Roadpass Digital Roadpass Digital and its associated legal entities to TN-RP Holdings, LLC TN-RP ), a new legal entity formed by TechNexus, in a non-cash transaction following which the Company and TechNexus own 100 of the Class A-RP units and Class C-RP units, respectively, issued by TN-RP. The Company also simultaneously entered into an Operating Agreement with TechNexus related to TN-RP whereby TechNexus will manage the day-to-day operations of TN-RP subject to certain protective rights maintained by the Company. The rights and privileges of the Company and TechNexus as unit holders of TN-RP are governed by the terms of the Operating Agreement, which includes provisions for distributions during its existence and at dissolution. 

29 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was enacted in August 2022. Among other provisions, this statute provides for a 1 tax to be imposed on the fair market value of shares repurchased by issuers whose shares are traded on an established securities market, subject to certain exceptions. The tax applies to repurchases made after December 31, 2022, and the excise tax on repurchases is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Fiscal 2022 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On December 21, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized Company management to utilize up to 250,000 to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock through December 21, 2024. On June 24, 2022, the Board authorized Company management to utilize up to an additional 448,321 to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock through July 31, 2025. 
 
 Under these two share repurchase authorizations, the Company is authorized to repurchase, on a discretionary basis and from time-to-time, outstanding shares of its common stock in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means. 
 
 During the three months ended July 31, 2023, the Company did not purchase any shares of its common stock. During fiscal 2023, the Company purchased 549,532 shares of its common stock, at various times in the open market, at a weighted-average price of 76.44 and held them as treasury shares at an aggregate purchase price of 42,007, all from the December 21, 2021 authorization. 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, the remaining amount of the Company's common stock that may be repurchased under the December 21, 2021 250,000 authorization expiring on December 21, 2024 is 42,886. As of July 31, 2023, the remaining amount of the Company s common stock that may be repurchased under the June 24, 2022 authorization expiring on July 31, 2025 is 448,321. As of July 31, 2023, the total remaining amount of the Company s common stock that may be repurchased under these two authorizations is 491,207. 
 
 Issuance of Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 On October 14, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of 500,000 of 4.000 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 Senior Unsecured Notes ). The Senior Unsecured Notes will mature on October 15, 2029 unless redeemed or repurchased earlier. Net proceeds from the Senior Unsecured Notes, along with cash-on-hand, were used to repay 500,000 of borrowings outstanding on the Company s ABL and for certain transaction costs. Interest on the Senior Unsecured Notes is payable in semi-annual installments on April 15 and October 15 of each year, and the first semi-annual payment was made April 14, 2022. The Senior Unsecured Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and any future senior indebtedness and senior to the Company s future subordinated indebtedness, if any, and effectively junior in right of payment to the Company s existing and any future secured indebtedness to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness. 
 
 Airxcel Acquisition 
 
 On September 1, 2021, the Company acquired Wichita, Kansas-based AirX Intermediate, Inc. Airxcel ). Airxcel manufactures a comprehensive line of high-quality component products which are sold primarily to RV original equipment manufacturers as well as consumers via aftermarket sales through dealers and retailers. Airxcel provides industry-leading products in recreational vehicle heating, cooling, ventilation, cooking, window coverings, sidewalls and roofing materials, among others. The total cash consideration paid was subject to the final determination of the actual acquired net working capital as of the close of business on September 1, 2021, which was finalized in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. The final cash consideration was 745,279, net of cash acquired. In conjunction with the Airxcel acquisition, the Company expanded its existing ABL facility from 750,000 to 1,000,000, favorably amended certain terms of the agreement and extended the term of the ABL. 

30 

Fiscal 2021 
 
 Tiffin Group Acquisition 
 
 On December 18, 2020, the Company closed on an agreement for the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of luxury motorized recreational vehicle manufacturer Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc. and certain other associated operating and supply companies (collectively, the Tiffin Group ). Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc. operates out of various locations in Alabama and Mississippi. 
 
 The cash consideration for the acquisition of the Tiffin Group was 288,238, net of cash acquired, and was funded through existing cash-on-hand as well as 165,000 in borrowings from the Company s existing asset-based credit facility. 
 
 North American RV Industry 
 
 The Company monitors industry conditions in the North American RV market using a number of resources including its own performance tracking and modeling. The Company also considers monthly wholesale shipment data as reported by the RVIA, which is typically issued on a one-month lag and represents manufacturers North American RV production and delivery to dealers. In addition, we monitor monthly North American retail sales trends as reported by Stat Surveys, whose data is typically issued on a month-and-a-half lag. The Company believes that monthly RV retail sales data is important as consumer purchases impact future dealer orders and ultimately our production and net sales. 
 
 North American RV independent dealer inventory of our North American RV products as of July 31, 2023 decreased 31.1 to approximately 87,500 units from approximately 127,000 units as of July 31, 2022. North American RV independent dealer inventory of our North American RV products as of July 31, 2021 totaled approximately 58,300 units. The July 31, 2021 totals were at historic lows given the surge in demand at that time, especially for towable products. During fiscal 2022, dealers restocked their depleted stocking levels significantly, particularly towable unit levels, as consumer demand continued to be strong and interest and carrying costs remained relatively low compared to historical norms. During fiscal 2023, particularly in the second half of fiscal 2023, retail sales began to slow, and carrying costs for dealers increased significantly due to inflationary cost increases and the rapid increase in interest rates during that period. These factors, among others, combined to cause dealers to reduce the number of units they carried as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, we believe North American dealer inventory levels for most towable products are generally higher than the levels that dealers are comfortable stocking given the current retail sales levels and associated carrying costs. We believe dealer inventory levels for motorized product lines are generally more closely aligned to dealers desired stocking levels as of the end of July 2023, although carrying costs, chassis availability and retail sales activity have been factors considered as the dealers determine their stocking levels. We believe dealers will continue to closely evaluate the unit stocking levels that they will elect to carry in future periods, which may be less than historical unit stocking levels, due to a combination of factors such as retail activity, RV wholesale prices as well as interest rates and other carrying costs. 
 
 THOR s total North American RV backlog as of July 31, 2023 decreased 4,008,655, or 66.7 , to 1,998,983 from 6,007,638 as of July 31, 2022. The decrease in backlog is primarily a result of a reduction in recent orders from dealers due to lower retail sales and concerns over current interest costs and other carrying costs compared to the prior period. 
 
 North American Industry Wholesale Statistics 
 
 Key wholesale statistics for the North American RV industry, as reported by RVIA for the periods indicated, are as follows: 
 U.S. and Canada Wholesale Unit Shipments Six Months Ended June 30, Increase 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change North American Towable Units 139,337 293,288 (153,951) (52.5) North American Motorized Units 25,493 30,543 (5,050) (16.5) Total 164,830 323,831 (159,001) (49.1) 

31 

In August 2023, RVIA reconfirmed its forecast for calendar year 2023 North American wholesale unit shipments. Under a most likely scenario, towable and motorized unit shipments are projected to decrease to approximately 249,300 and 47,800, respectively, for an annual total of approximately 297,100 units, down 39.8 from the 2022 calendar year wholesale shipments. The RVIA most likely forecast for calendar year 2023 could range from a lower estimate of approximately 287,200 total units to an upper estimate of approximately 307,000 units. 
 
 As part of their August 2023 forecast, RVIA also released their initial estimates for calendar year 2024 wholesale unit shipments. In the most likely scenario, towable and motorized unit shipments are projected to increase to an approximated annual total of 369,700 units, or 24.4 higher than the most likely scenario for calendar year 2023 wholesale shipments. This calendar year 2024 most likely forecast could range from a lower estimate of approximately 363,700 total units to an upper estimate of approximately 375,700 units. RVIA stated the reasons for the calendar year 2024 wholesale unit shipment recovery is due to the anticipated effects of rising interest rates subsiding and the current inventory imbalance resolving over the second half of calendar 2023. 
 
 North American Industry Retail Statistics 
 
 We believe that retail demand is the key to growth in the North American RV industry, and that annual North American RV industry wholesale shipments will return to typical seasonal patterns as dealer inventory levels and consumer demand become more balanced. 
 
 Key retail statistics for the North American RV industry, as reported by Stat Surveys for the periods indicated, are as follows: 
 
 U.S. and Canada Retail Unit Registrations Six Months Ended June 30, Increase 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change North American Towable Units 182,418 230,228 (47,810) (20.8) North American Motorized Units 25,172 27,261 (2,089) (7.7) Total 207,590 257,489 (49,899) (19.4) 
 
 Note: Data reported by Stat Surveys is based on official state and provincial records. This information is subject to adjustment, is continuously updated and is often impacted by delays in reporting by various states or provinces. 
 
 We believe that North American retail consumer demand has grown in recent years due to an increasing interest in the RV lifestyle and the ability to connect with nature, and further accelerated since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in calendar 2021, which resulted in record retail sales during that period. While we anticipate that near-term demand will be influenced by many factors, including consumer confidence and the level of consumer spending on discretionary products, we believe future retail demand over the longer term will exceed historical, pre-pandemic levels as consumers continue to value the perceived benefits offered by the RV lifestyle, which provides people with a personal space to maintain social distance in a safe manner, the ability to connect with loved ones and the potential to get away for short, frequent breaks or longer adventures. 
 
 Company North American Wholesale Statistics 
 
 The Company s wholesale RV shipments, for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, to correspond with the industry wholesale periods noted above, were as follows: 
 
 U.S. and Canada Wholesale Unit Shipments Six Months Ended June 30, Increase 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change North American Towable Units 53,148 125,865 (72,717) (57.8) North American Motorized Units 11,491 15,534 (4,043) (26.0) Total 64,639 141,399 (76,760) (54.3) 

32 

Company North American Retail Statistics 
 
 Retail statistics of the Company s RV products, as reported by Stat Surveys, for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, to correspond with the industry retail periods noted above, were as follows: 
 U.S. and Canada Retail Unit Registrations Six Months Ended June 30, Increase 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change North American Towable Units 75,735 94,086 (18,351) (19.5) North American Motorized Units 12,324 13,469 (1,145) (8.5) Total 88,059 107,555 (19,496) (18.1) 
 
 Note: Data reported by Stat Surveys is based on official state and provincial records. This information is subject to adjustment, is continuously updated and is often impacted by delays in reporting by various states or provinces. 
 
 North American Outlook 
 
 Historically, RV industry sales have been impacted by a number of economic conditions faced by our independent dealers, and ultimately retail consumers, such as the rate of unemployment, the rate of inflation, the level of consumer confidence, the disposable income of consumers, interest rates, credit availability, the health of the housing market, tax rates and fuel availability and prices. We believe these factors will continue to affect retail sales in fiscal 2024. In addition, due to inflationary pressures, higher interest rates and other factors, we believe that in fiscal 2024 our independent dealers will be continuously reevaluating their desired stocking levels, which may result in lower than historical dealer inventory stocking levels on a unit basis. It is difficult to predict the extent to which any or all of these factors will impact the RV industry or our business in a particular future period, however, we currently believe the early portion of fiscal 2024 will continue to be negatively impacted by these factors, especially when compared to our strong fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 results. 
 
 Despite the near-term challenges, we remain optimistic about future growth in North American retail sales in the long term, as there are many factors driving product demand. Surveys conducted by THOR, RVIA and others show that Americans of all generations love the freedom of the outdoors and the enrichment that comes with living an active lifestyle. RVs allow people to be in control of their travel experiences, going where they want, when they want and with the people they want. The RV units we design, produce and sell allow people to spend time outdoors pursuing their favorite activities, creating cherished moments and deeply connecting with family and friends. Based on the increasing value consumers place on these factors, we expect to see long-term growth in the North American RV industry. The recent multi-year growth in industry-wide RV sales has also resulted in exposing a wider range of consumers to the RV lifestyle. We believe many of those who have been recently exposed to the industry for the first time will become future owners, and that those who became first-time owners since the COVID-19 pandemic will become long-term RVers, resulting in future repeat and upgrade sales opportunities. We also believe consumers are likely to continue altering their future vacation and travel plans, opting for fewer vacations via air travel, cruise ships and hotels, and preferring vacations that RVs are uniquely positioned to provide, allowing consumers the ability to explore or unwind, often close to home. In addition, we believe that the availability of camping and RV parking facilities will be an important factor in the future growth of the industry and view both the significant recent investments and the future committed investments by campground owners, states and the federal government in camping facilities and accessibility to state and federal parks and forests to be positive long-term factors. 
 
 Economic and industry-wide factors that have historically affected, and which we believe will continue to affect, our operating results include the costs of commodities, the availability of critical supply components and labor costs incurred in the production of our products. Material and labor costs are the primary factors determining our cost of products sold, and any future increases in raw material or labor costs will impact our profit margins negatively if we are unable to offset those cost increases through a combination of product recontenting, material sourcing strategies, efficiency improvements or raising the selling prices for our products by corresponding amounts. Historically, we have generally been able to offset net cost increases over time. 

33 

While we have recently seen improvement in the supply of chassis from North American suppliers from some, but not all, chassis suppliers, we do not believe the chassis supply chain is fully back to pre-pandemic levels. Currently it is uncertain as what impact the current labor disputes and work stoppages involving certain U.S. automakers, who also supply chassis to us, will have on the future availability of chassis. Even beyond these issues, it is extremely difficult to predict when or whether future supply chain issues related to chassis will arise. Modifying available chassis for certain motorized products to use for other products is not a viable alternative, particularly in the short term, due to engineering requirements. These factors may continue to negatively impact our production schedule and cost structure as we try to balance our production and personnel staffing levels and schedules to the available chassis, often with short notice. The North American recreational vehicle industry has, from time to time in the past, experienced shortages of chassis for various reasons, including component shortages, production delays or other production issues and work stoppages at the chassis manufacturers. 
 
 While the North American RV industry has at times faced supply shortages or delivery delays of other, non-chassis, raw material components, our supply chain has been resilient enough to support our fiscal 2023 demand. If shortages of chassis or other component parts were to become more significant, or if other factors were to impact our suppliers' ability to fully supply our needs for key components, our costs of such components and our production output could be adversely affected. Where possible, we continue to work closely with our suppliers on various supply chain strategies to minimize any constraints, and we will continue to identify alternative suppliers where possible. 
 
 European RV Industry 
 
 The Company monitors retail trends in the European RV market as reported by the European Caravan Federation ECF ), whose industry data is reported to the public quarterly and typically issued on a one-to-two-month lag. Additionally, the Company receives monthly OEM-specific reports from most of the individual member countries that make up the ECF. As these reports are coming directly from the ECF member countries, timing and content vary, but typically the reports are issued on a one-to-two-month lag as well. While most countries provide OEM-specific information, the United Kingdom, which made up 17.5 and 7.8 of the caravan and motorcaravan (including campervans) European market for the six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively, does not provide OEM-specific information. Industry wholesale shipment data for the European RV market is not available. 
 
 Within Europe, over 90 of our sales are made to dealers within 10 different European countries. The market conditions, as well as the operating status of our independent dealers within each country, vary based on the various local economic and other conditions. It is inherently difficult to generalize about the operating conditions within the entire European region. However, independent RV dealer inventory levels of our European products are generally below historic levels in the various countries we serve. Within Germany, which accounts for approximately 60 of our European product sales, independent dealer inventory levels are currently below historical norms. 
 
 Independent dealer inventory of our European RV products as of July 31, 2023 was approximately 21,200 units. Comparable independent dealer inventory unit information was not available as of July 31, 2022. During fiscal 2023 European dealer inventory levels have grown from a period of low levels. Caravan and urban vehicle product lines are no longer considered below target stocking levels, but motorcaravans are still slightly below normal. 
 
 Our European Recreational Vehicle backlog as of July 31, 2023 increased 796,058, or 28.9 , to 3,549,660 compared to 2,753,602 as of July 31, 2022, primarily due to increased selling prices. 

34 

European Industry Retail Statistics 
 
 Key retail statistics for the European RV industry, as reported by the ECF for the periods indicated, are as follows: 
 
 European Unit Registrations Motorcaravan and Campervan (2) 
 Caravan Six Months Ended June 30, Change Six Months Ended June 30, Change 2023 2022 2023 2022 OEM Reporting Countries (1) 
 76,492 80,980 (5.5) 27,848 33,128 (15.9) Non-OEM Reporting Countries (1) 
 9,377 9,439 (0.7) 7,480 8,470 (11.7) Total 85,869 90,419 (5.0) 35,328 41,598 (15.1) 
 (1) Industry retail registration statistics have been compiled from individual countries' reporting of retail sales, and include the following countries: Germany, France, Sweden, Netherlands, Norway, Italy, Spain and others, collectively the OEM Reporting Countries. The Non-OEM Reporting Countries are primarily the United Kingdom and others. Total European unit registrations are reported quarterly by the ECF. 
 (2) The ECF reports motorcaravans and campervans together. 
 Note: Data from the ECF is subject to adjustment, is continuously updated and is often impacted by delays in reporting by various countries. (The "Non-OEM Reporting Countries" either do not report OEM-specific data to the ECF or do not have it available for the entire time period covered). 
 
 Company European Retail Statistics 
 European Unit Registrations (1) 
 Six Months Ended June 30, Increase 2023 2022 (Decrease) Change Motorcaravan and Campervan 15,792 17,795 (2,003) (11.3) Caravan 5,142 5,978 (836) (14.0) Total OEM-Reporting Countries 20,934 23,773 (2,839) (11.9) 
 (1) Company retail registration statistics have been compiled from individual countries' reporting of retail sales, and include the following countries: Germany, France, Sweden, Netherlands, Norway, Italy, Spain and others, collectively the OEM Reporting Countries. 
 
 Note: Data from the ECF is subject to adjustment, is continuously updated and is often impacted by delays in reporting by various countries. 
 
 European Outlook 
 
 Our European operations offer a full lineup of leisure vehicles including caravans and motorized products including urban vehicles, campervans and small-to-large motorcaravans. Our product offerings are not limited to vehicles only but also include accessories and services, including vehicle rentals. We address European retail customers through a sophisticated brand management approach based on consumer segmentation according to target group, core values and emotions. With the help of data-based and digital marketing, we intend to continue expanding our retail customer reach to new and younger consumer segments. 
 
 The impact of current macroeconomic factors on our business, including increasing inflation and interest rates, supply chain constraints, environmental and sustainability regulations and geopolitical events, is uncertain. In addition, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our business in future periods remains uncertain and unpredictable. Our outlook for future growth in European RV retail sales depends upon the various economic and regulatory conditions in the respective countries in which we sell our products, and on our ability to manage through supply chain issues that have, and will continue to, limit the level to which we can increase output of our motorized products in the near term. End-customer demand for RVs depends strongly on consumer confidence. Factors such as the rate of unemployment, the rate of inflation, private consumption and investments, growth in disposable income of consumers, changes in interest rates, the health of the housing market, changes in tax rates and regulatory restrictions and, more recently, travel safety considerations all influence retail sales. Our long-term outlook for future growth in European RV retail sales remains positive as more people discover RVs as a way to support their lifestyle in search of independence and individuality, as well as using the RV as a multi-purpose vehicle to escape urban life and explore outdoor activities and nature. 

35 

Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, we and our independent European dealers marketed our European recreational vehicles through numerous RV fairs at the country and regional levels which occurred throughout the calendar year. These fairs have historically been well-attended events that allowed retail consumers the ability to see the newest products, features and designs and to talk with product experts in addition to being able to purchase or order an RV. Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, the protection of the health of our employees, customers and dealers has been our top priority. As a result, we cancelled our participation in most European trade fairs and major events in calendar 2021 and limited participation in early calendar 2022. We did, however, attend the Caravan Salon show in Dusseldorf in late August/early September 2022 and participated in other major fiscal 2023 retail shows. The 2023 Caravan Salon show in late August 2023 experienced near record attendance, demonstrating the high level of interest in the RV lifestyle despite the current macroeconomic uncertainties facing many consumers. In addition to our attendance at various strategic trade fairs going forward, we have and will continue to strengthen and expand our digital activities to reach high potential target groups, generate leads and steer customers directly to dealerships. With approximately 1,100 active independent dealers in Germany and throughout Europe that we do business with, we believe our European brands have one of the strongest and most professionally structured dealer and service networks in Europe. 
 
 Economic or industry-wide factors affecting our European RV operating results include the availability and costs of commodities and component parts and the labor used in the manufacture of our products. Material and labor costs are the primary factors determining our cost of products sold and any future increases in these costs will impact our profit margins negatively if we are unable to offset those cost increases through a combination of product recontenting, material sourcing strategies, efficiency improvements or raising the selling prices for our products by corresponding amounts. 
 
 We continue to receive communications from our European chassis suppliers that due to a number of factors, including (1) supply constraints of key components that they require for the manufacturing of chassis, such as semiconductor chips and engines, (2) demand outpacing their production capacity and (3) personnel shortages, their production of chassis could be negatively impacted. Throughout fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023, we experienced delays in the receipt of, and significant reductions in the volume of, chassis from our European chassis suppliers, limiting our ability to further increase production of our motorized products. We expect these ongoing challenges to persist through calendar year 2023 and into calendar year 2024 and, in particular, anticipate both continued delays in receipt of chassis in Europe and disruptions in the sequence of delivery of chassis. These chassis supply factors will inhibit our ability to consistently maintain our planned production levels and will limit our ability to ramp up production and sales of certain products despite dealer demand for those products. Uncertainties related to changing emission standards may also impact the availability of chassis used in our production of certain European motorized RVs and could also impact consumer buying patterns. 
 
 In Europe, we also continue to experience cost increases, supply shortages and delivery delays of other, non-chassis, raw material components which negatively impacted our ability to further ramp up production and sales in fiscal 2023, and which resulted in the continuation of an elevated level of work in process inventory on hand. We believe these shortages and delays will continue to result in production delays or adjusted production rates in the near term, which will limit our ability to ramp up production and sales to meet existing demand and will have a negative impact on our European operating results, as we balance our labor and overhead costs to rapidly changing production schedules. 
 
 Where possible, to minimize the future impact of these supply chain constraints, we have identified a second-source supplier base for certain component parts, however, the overall scope of supply chain constraints within Europe and the engineering requirements required with an alternate component part, particularly the chassis our various units are built upon, has limited the impact of these alternative suppliers on reducing our near-term supply constraints. 
 
 In addition to material supply constraints, labor shortages may also impact our European operations. Currently, we are experiencing a shortage of available skilled workers due to near full employment rates in the European countries where we have manufacturing sites. 
 
 36 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FISCAL 2023 VS. FISCAL 2022 
 FISCAL 2023 
 FISCAL 2022 
 Change Amount Change NET SALES: Recreational vehicles North American Towable 4,202,628 8,661,945 (4,459,317) (51.5) North American Motorized 3,314,170 3,979,647 (665,477) (16.7) Total North America 7,516,798 12,641,592 (5,124,794) (40.5) European 3,037,147 2,887,453 149,694 5.2 Total recreational vehicles 10,553,945 15,529,045 (4,975,100) (32.0) Other 777,639 1,225,824 (448,185) (36.6) Intercompany eliminations (209,979) (442,344) 232,365 52.5 Total 11,121,605 16,312,525 (5,190,920) (31.8) 
 
 # OF UNITS: Recreational vehicles North American Towable 106,504 238,634 (132,130) (55.4) North American Motorized 24,832 29,731 (4,899) (16.5) Total North America 131,336 268,365 (137,029) (51.1) European 55,679 60,192 (4,513) (7.5) Total 187,015 328,557 (141,542) (43.1) 
 
 of Segment Net Sales of Segment Net Sales GROSS PROFIT: Recreational vehicles North American Towable 503,487 12.0 1,512,298 17.5 (1,008,811) (66.7) North American Motorized 442,715 13.4 654,052 16.4 (211,337) (32.3) Total North America 946,202 12.6 2,166,350 17.1 (1,220,148) (56.3) European 505,344 16.6 409,987 14.2 95,357 23.3 Total recreational vehicles 1,451,546 13.8 2,576,337 16.6 (1,124,791) (43.7) Other, net 144,807 18.6 229,693 18.7 (84,886) (37.0) Total 1,596,353 14.4 2,806,030 17.2 (1,209,677) (43.1) 
 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES: Recreational vehicles North American Towable 243,616 5.8 429,053 5.0 (185,437) (43.2) North American Motorized 175,509 5.3 206,613 5.2 (31,104) (15.1) Total North America 419,125 5.6 635,666 5.0 (216,541) (34.1) European 271,038 8.9 264,723 9.2 6,315 2.4 Total recreational vehicles 690,163 6.5 900,389 5.8 (210,226) (23.3) Other 65,955 8.5 75,731 6.2 (9,776) (12.9) Corporate 113,936 140,342 (26,406) (18.8) Total 870,054 7.8 1,116,462 6.8 (246,408) (22.1) 
 37 

FISCAL 2023 
 of Segment Net Sales FISCAL 2022 
 of Segment Net Sales Change Amount Change INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES: Recreational vehicles North American Towable 237,123 5.6 1,050,536 12.1 (813,413) (77.4) North American Motorized 255,207 7.7 436,604 11.0 (181,397) (41.5) Total North America 492,330 6.5 1,487,140 11.8 (994,810) (66.9) European 179,625 5.9 87,116 3.0 92,509 106.2 Total recreational vehicles 671,955 6.4 1,574,256 10.1 (902,301) (57.3) Other, net 36,965 4.8 110,798 9.0 (73,833) (66.6) Corporate (209,567) (225,190) 15,623 6.9 Total 499,353 4.5 1,459,864 8.9 (960,511) (65.8) 
 As of 
 July 31, 2023 
 As of 
 July 31, 2022 
 Change Amount Change ORDER BACKLOG: Recreational vehicles North American Towable 756,047 2,571,009 (1,814,962) (70.6) North American Motorized 1,242,936 3,436,629 (2,193,693) (63.8) Total North America 1,998,983 6,007,638 (4,008,655) (66.7) European 3,549,660 2,753,602 796,058 28.9 Total 5,548,643 8,761,240 (3,212,597) (36.7) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED 
 
 Consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023 decreased 5,190,920, or 31.8 , compared to fiscal 2022. The decrease in consolidated net sales is primarily due to lower current dealer and consumer demand in comparison to record demand in fiscal 2022, primarily in the North American Towable segment. Approximately 27 of the Company's net sales for fiscal 2023 were transacted in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. The Company's most material exchange rate exposure is sales in Euros. The 5,190,920, or 31.8 decrease in consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023 includes a decrease of 116,142 from the change in currency exchange rates between the two periods. To determine this impact, net sales transacted in currencies other than U.S. dollars have been translated to U.S. dollars using the average exchange rates that were in effect during the comparative period. 
 
 Consolidated gross profit for fiscal 2023 decreased 1,209,677, or 43.1 , compared to fiscal 2022. Consolidated gross profit was 14.4 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023 and 17.2 for fiscal 2022. The decreases in consolidated gross profit and the consolidated gross profit percentage in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 were both primarily due to the impact of the decrease in consolidated net sales, which resulted in less absorption of fixed costs. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2023 decreased 246,408, or 22.1 , compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to the 31.8 decrease in consolidated net sales and a combined decrease in net costs related to certain warranty and settlement expenses as discussed in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.8 of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023 and 6.8 for fiscal 2022, with the increase in percentage primarily due to the decrease in consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets expense for fiscal 2023 decreased 16,138, or 10.3 , to 140,808, compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to a reduction in dealer network amortization, which is amortized on an accelerated basis and therefore decreases over time. 
 
 The decrease of 960,511, or 65.8 in income before income taxes for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, was primarily driven by the decrease in consolidated net sales and the decrease in the consolidated gross profit percentage noted above. 
 
 38 

The overall annual effective income tax rate for fiscal 2023 was 25.1 , compared with 22.0 for fiscal 2022. The primary reason for the increase in the overall annual effective income tax rate relates to the jurisdictional mix of income before income taxes between foreign and domestic jurisdictions between fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 
 
 Additional information concerning the changes in net sales, gross profit and selling, general and administrative expenses are addressed below in the segment reporting that follows. 
 
 The 26,406 decrease in Corporate expenses included in selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily related to certain settlement expenses accrued in fiscal 2022 as discussed in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements which did not recur in fiscal 2023. This decrease also includes a decrease in incentive compensation of 6,579 due to the decrease in income before income taxes compared to the prior-year period, and a decrease of 6,850 in accrued expenses related to our standby repurchase obligations due to a decrease in dealer inventory levels in the current-year period as compared to a large increase in dealer inventory levels in the prior-year period. Costs related to the actuarially determined product liability and workers compensation accruals held at the Corporate level also decreased 5,391. These decreases were partially offset by a stock-based compensation expense increase of 9,153, and deferred compensation increased 18,966 due to market fluctuations between the two periods. 
 
 Net expense for Corporate interest and other income and expenses increased 10,783 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, which includes an increase in net interest expense and fees of 7,882 on our debt primarily due to higher interest rates in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. In addition, fiscal 2023 included operating losses of 10,436 related to our equity investment in Roadpass Digital as discussed in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and an unfavorable change of 10,895 in the fair value of certain other equity investments due to market fluctuations. These increases in net expense were partially offset by the favorable change of 19,350 in the fair value of the Company's deferred compensation plan assets due to market fluctuations between the two periods. 
 
 39 

SEGMENT REPORTING 
 
 North American Towable Recreational Vehicles 
 
 Analysis of Change in Net Sales for Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 
 
 Fiscal 2023 
 of Segment Net Sales Fiscal 2022 
 of Segment Net Sales Change Amount Change NET SALES: North American Towable Travel Trailers 2,587,686 61.6 5,430,526 62.7 (2,842,840) (52.3) Fifth Wheels 1,614,942 38.4 3,231,419 37.3 (1,616,477) (50.0) Total North American Towable 4,202,628 100.0 8,661,945 100.0 (4,459,317) (51.5) 
 
 Fiscal 2023 
 of Segment Shipments Fiscal 2022 
 of Segment Shipments Change Amount Change # OF UNITS: North American Towable Travel Trailers 81,432 76.5 190,795 80.0 (109,363) (57.3) Fifth Wheels 25,072 23.5 47,839 20.0 (22,767) (47.6) Total North American Towable 106,504 100.0 238,634 100.0 (132,130) (55.4) 
 
 IMPACT OF CHANGE IN PRODUCT MIX AND PRICE ON NET SALES: Change North American Towable Travel Trailers 5.0 Fifth Wheels (2.4) Total North American Towable 3.9 
 
 The decrease in total North American Towable net sales of 51.5 compared to the prior fiscal year resulted from a 55.4 decrease in unit shipments and a 3.9 increase in the overall net price per unit due to the combined impact of changes in product mix and price, which included selling price increases to help offset higher material costs. The decrease in unit shipments is primarily due to a softening in current dealer and consumer demand in comparison with the heightened demand in the prior fiscal year, which included independent dealers significantly restocking their inventory unit stock levels. According to statistics published by RVIA, for the twelve months ended July 31, 2023, combined travel trailer and fifth wheel wholesale unit shipments decreased 51.0 compared to the same period last year. According to statistics published by Stat Surveys, for the twelve-month periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, our retail market share for travel trailers and fifth wheels combined was 42.4 and 41.8 , respectively. 
 
 The increase in the overall change in product mix and price per unit within the travel trailer product line of 5.0 during fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the impact of favorable product mix changes compared to fiscal 2022 and selling price increases, primarily to offset higher material costs, partially offset by increased sales discounts. The decrease in the overall change in product mix and price per unit within the fifth wheel product line of 2.4 during fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the impact of selling price increases to offset higher material costs being more than offset by elevated sales discounts. 

40 

North American Towable cost of products sold decreased 3,450,506 to 3,699,141, or 88.0 of North American Towable net sales, for fiscal 2023 compared to 7,149,647, or 82.5 of North American Towable net sales, for fiscal 2022. The changes in material, labor, freight-out and warranty costs comprised 3,338,749 of the 3,450,506 decrease in cost of products sold due to the decreased sales volume. Material, labor, freight-out and warranty costs as a combined percentage of North American Towable net sales increased to 80.2 for fiscal 2023 compared to 77.4 for fiscal 2022, primarily as a result of increased sales discounts, which effectively decreased net selling prices and correspondingly increased cost percentages. The combined material, labor, freight-out and warranty costs as a combined percentage of gross North American Towable net sales before the effects of discounting decreased, due to a decrease in the material cost percentage from the combined favorable impacts of product mix changes, net selling price increases, cost-saving initiatives and the North American Towable LIFO liquidation of 8,300 in fiscal 2023, partially offset by an increase in the warranty cost percentage. 
 
 Total manufacturing overhead decreased 111,757 due to the decrease in sales but increased as a percentage of North American Towable net sales from 5.1 to 7.8 , as the decreased net sales levels resulted in higher overhead costs per unit sold. Variable costs in manufacturing overhead decreased 115,302 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 as a result of the decrease in North American Towable net sales. 
 
 The decrease of 1,008,811 in North American Towable gross profit for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was driven by the decrease in net sales and the decrease in the gross profit percentage was due to the increase in the cost of products sold percentage noted above. 
 
 The decrease of 185,437 in North American Towable selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 includes the impact of the decrease in North American Towable net sales and income before income taxes, which caused related commissions, incentive and other compensation to decrease by 184,177. The increase in the overall selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of North American Towable net sales was primarily due to the decrease in North American Towable net sales. 
 
 The decrease of 813,413 in North American Towable income before income taxes for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the decrease in North American Towable net sales, and the primary reason for the 6.5 decrease in percentage was the increase in the cost of products sold percentage noted above. 
 
 41 

North American Motorized Recreational Vehicles 
 Analysis of Change in Net Sales for Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2023 
 of Segment Net Sales Fiscal 2022 
 of Segment Net Sales Change Amount Change NET SALES: North American Motorized Class A 1,066,617 32.2 1,779,295 44.7 (712,678) (40.1) Class C 1,536,398 46.4 1,408,470 35.4 127,928 9.1 Class B 711,155 21.4 791,882 19.9 (80,727) (10.2) Total North American Motorized 3,314,170 100.0 3,979,647 100.0 (665,477) (16.7) 
 
 Fiscal 2023 
 of Segment Shipments Fiscal 2022 
 of Segment Shipments Change Amount Change # OF UNITS: North American Motorized Class A 5,246 21.1 9,026 30.4 (3,780) (41.9) Class C 13,643 54.9 13,260 44.6 383 2.9 Class B 5,943 24.0 7,445 25.0 (1,502) (20.2) Total North American Motorized 24,832 100.0 29,731 100.0 (4,899) (16.5) 
 
 IMPACT OF CHANGE IN PRODUCT MIX AND PRICE ON NET SALES: Change North American Motorized Class A 1.8 Class C 6.2 Class B 10.0 Total North American Motorized (0.2) 
 
 The decrease in total North American Motorized net sales of 16.7 compared to the prior fiscal year resulted from a 16.5 decrease in unit shipments due to softening dealer and consumer demand, and a 0.2 decrease in the overall net price per unit due to the combined impact of changes in product price and mix, which included net selling price increases to help offset higher material and other input costs. The 0.2 decrease in the overall change in product mix and price per unit, in spite of the increase in net price per unit within each product category, was due to the higher combined concentration of the more moderately-priced Class B and Class C units in the current fiscal year compared to the more expensive Class A units. According to statistics published by RVIA, for the twelve months ended July 31, 2023, combined motorhome wholesale unit shipments decreased 10.3 compared to the same period last year. According to statistics published by Stat Surveys, for the twelve-month periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, our retail market share for motorhomes was 48.1 and 48.5 , respectively. 
 
 The increase in the overall change in product mix and price per unit within the Class A product line of 1.8 during fiscal 2023 was primarily due to net selling price increases since the prior fiscal year to help offset material and other input cost increases, partially offset by a higher concentration of sales of the more moderately-priced gas Class A products in the current fiscal year. The increase in the overall change in product mix and price per unit within the Class C product line of 6.2 during fiscal 2023 was primarily due to net selling price increases since the prior fiscal year to offset higher material and other input costs as well as product mix changes. The increase in the overall change in product mix and price per unit within the Class B product line of 10.0 during fiscal 2023 was primarily due to net selling price increases since the prior fiscal year, and a higher concentration of sales of higher-priced Class B products in the current fiscal year. 

42 

North American Motorized cost of products sold decreased 454,140 to 2,871,455, or 86.6 of motorized net sales, for fiscal 2023 compared to 3,325,595, or 83.6 of motorized net sales, for fiscal 2022. The changes in material, labor, freight-out and warranty costs comprised 442,308 of the 454,140 decrease due to the decreased sales volume. Material, labor, freight-out and warranty costs as a combined percentage of motorized net sales was 80.9 for fiscal 2023 compared to 78.6 for fiscal 2022, with the increase primarily due to an increase in the material cost percentage, primarily due to chassis cost increases, and an increase in the warranty cost percentage. 
 
 Total manufacturing overhead decreased 11,832 but increased as a percentage of North American Motorized net sales from 5.0 to 5.7 , as the decrease in net sales levels resulted in slightly higher overhead costs per unit sold. Variable costs in manufacturing overhead decreased 13,709 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 as a result of the decrease in North American Motorized net sales. 
 
 The decrease of 211,337 in North American Motorized gross profit for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was driven by the decrease in net sales, while the decrease in the gross profit percentage was due to the increase in the cost of products sold percentage noted above. 
 
 The decrease of 31,104 in North American Motorized selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the decreases in North American Motorized net sales and income before income taxes, which caused related commissions, incentive and other compensation to decrease by 39,581. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in professional fees and related settlement and RV repurchase costs of 6,112. 
 
 The decrease of 181,397 in North American Motorized income before income taxes for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the decrease in North American Motorized net sales, and the primary reason for the 3.3 decrease in North American Motorized income before income taxes percentage was the increase in the cost of products sold percentage noted above. 

43 

European Recreational Vehicles 
 
 Analysis of Change in Net Sales for Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2023 
 of Segment Net Sales Fiscal 2022 
 of Segment Net Sales Change Amount Change NET SALES: European Motorcaravan 1,409,137 46.4 1,457,226 50.5 (48,089) (3.3) Campervan 987,623 32.5 750,310 26.0 237,313 31.6 Caravan 358,415 11.8 365,902 12.7 (7,487) (2.0) Other 281,972 9.3 314,015 10.8 (32,043) (10.2) Total European 3,037,147 100.0 2,887,453 100.0 149,694 5.2 
 
 Fiscal 2023 
 of Segment Shipments Fiscal 2022 
 of Segment Shipments Change Amount Change # OF UNITS: European Motorcaravan 19,391 34.8 23,688 39.4 (4,297) (18.1) Campervan 21,087 37.9 19,369 32.2 1,718 8.9 Caravan 15,201 27.3 17,135 28.4 (1,934) (11.3) Total European 55,679 100.0 60,192 100.0 (4,513) (7.5) 
 
 IMPACT OF CHANGES IN FOREIGN CURRENCY, PRODUCT MIX AND PRICE ON NET SALES: Foreign Currency Mix and Price Change European Motorcaravan (4.0) 18.8 14.8 Campervan (4.0) 26.7 22.7 Caravan (4.0) 13.3 9.3 Total European (4.0) 16.7 12.7 
 
 The increase in total European Recreational Vehicle net sales of 5.2 compared to the prior-year period resulted from a 7.5 decrease in unit shipments and a 12.7 increase in the overall net price per unit due to the total impact of changes in foreign currency, product mix and price. The increase in European Recreational Vehicle net sales of 149,694 includes a decrease of 116,142, or 4.0 of net sales, due to the decrease in foreign exchange rates in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Sales on a constant-currency basis increased by 9.2 . 
 
 The overall net price per unit increase of 12.7 includes a 4.0 decrease due to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes and a 16.7 increase due to the combined impact of product mix and selling price increases. 
 
 The constant-currency increases in the overall net price per unit within the Motorcaravan product line of 18.8 and the Campervan product line of 26.7 were primarily due to the impact of selling price increases and product mix changes. In addition, in fiscal 2023 the Campervan product line included a higher concentration of Campervan units with a purchased chassis that is included in the sales price as opposed to units with a customer-supplied chassis that is not included in the sales price. The increase in the overall net price per unit due to product mix and price within the Caravan product line of 13.3 was primarily due to the impact of selling price increases taken to offset increased input costs. 

44 

European Recreational Vehicle cost of products sold increased 54,337 to 2,531,803, or 83.4 of European Recreational Vehicle net sales, for fiscal 2023 compared to 2,477,466, or 85.8 of European Recreational Vehicle net sales, for fiscal 2022. The changes in material, labor, freight-out and warranty costs comprised 34,716 of the 54,337 increase. Material, labor, freight-out and warranty costs as a combined percentage of European Recreational Vehicle net sales decreased to 73.4 for fiscal 2023 compared to 76.0 for fiscal 2022, with the decrease primarily due to a decrease in the material cost percentage due to net selling price increases and product mix changes. The labor cost percentages also improved. 
 
 Total manufacturing overhead increased 19,621 and increased as a percentage of European Recreational Vehicle net sales from 9.8 to 10.0 primarily due to an increase in manufacturing overhead wages and benefits. 
 
 The increase of 95,357 in European Recreational Vehicle gross profit for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was due to the increase in European Recreational Vehicle net sales and the decrease in the cost of products sold percentage noted above. 
 
 The 6,315 increase in European Recreational Vehicle selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the reduction in foreign exchange rates since the prior-year period, which mostly offset the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses on a constant-currency basis. The constant-currency increase was primarily due to increased advertising and promotion costs, as participation in most European trade fairs in the prior fiscal year was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic but resumed in the current fiscal year, and increased compensation and benefit costs. 
 
 The primary reason for the 92,509 increase in European Recreational Vehicle income before income taxes was the increase in European Recreational Vehicle net sales and the improvement in the cost of products sold percentage noted above. The increase in the net income before income taxes percentage to net sales was primarily due to the improvement in the cost of products sold percentage noted above. Amortization expense was also 0.6 lower as a percentage of sales in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 due to lower dealer network amortization, which is amortized on an accelerated basis and therefore decreases over time. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, we had 441,232 in cash and cash equivalents, of which 338,703 is held in the United States and the equivalent of 102,529, predominantly in Euros, is held in Europe, compared to 311,553 on July 31, 2022, of which 256,492 was held in the United States and the equivalent of 55,061, predominantly in Euros, was held in Europe. Cash and cash equivalents held internationally may be subject to foreign withholding taxes if repatriated to the United States. The components of the 129,679 increase in cash and cash equivalents are described in more detail below, but the increase was primarily attributable to cash provided by operations of 981,633 less cash used in financing activities of 635,685 and cash used in investing activities of 222,483. 
 
 Net working capital at July 31, 2023 was 1,077,098 compared to 1,306,563 at July 31, 2022, with the decrease primarily due to decreases in inventory and accounts receivable as noted in the Operating Activities section below. Capital expenditures of 208,194 for fiscal 2023 were made primarily for land and production building additions and improvements, and replacing machinery and equipment used in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 We strive to maintain adequate cash balances to ensure we have sufficient resources to respond to opportunities and changing business conditions. In addition, the unused availability under our revolving asset-based credit facility is generally available to the Company for general operating purposes, and approximated 940,000 at July 31, 2023. We believe our on-hand cash and cash equivalents and funds generated from operations, along with funds available under the revolving asset-based credit facility, will be sufficient to fund expected operational requirements for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Our priorities for the use of current and future available cash generated from operations remain consistent with our history, and include reducing our indebtedness, maintaining and, over time, growing our dividend payments and funding our growth, both organically and opportunistically, through acquisitions. We may also consider strategic and opportunistic repurchases of shares of THOR stock under the share repurchase authorizations as discussed in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and special dividends based upon market and business conditions and excess cash availability, subject to potential customary limits and restrictions pursuant to our credit facilities, applicable legal limitations and determination by the Company's Board of Directors ("Board"). We believe our on-hand cash and cash equivalents and funds generated from operations will be sufficient to fund expected cash dividend payments and share repurchases for the foreseeable future. 

45 

Our current estimate of committed and internally approved capital spend for fiscal 2024 is 260,000, primarily for certain building projects and certain automation projects, as well as replacing and upgrading machinery, equipment and other assets throughout our facilities to be used in the ordinary course of business. We anticipate approximately two-thirds of our capital spend will be in North America and one-third in Europe, and that these expenditures will be funded by cash provided by our operating activities. 
 
 The Company s Board currently intends to continue regular quarterly cash dividend payments in the future. As is customary under credit facilities, certain actions, including our ability to pay dividends, are subject to the satisfaction of certain payment conditions prior to payment. The conditions for the payment of dividends under the existing debt facilities include a minimum level of adjusted excess cash availability and a fixed charge coverage ratio test, both as defined in the credit agreements. The declaration of future dividends and the establishment of the per share amounts, record dates and payment dates for any such future dividends are subject to the determination of the Board, and will be dependent upon future earnings, cash flows and other factors, in addition to compliance with any then-existing financing facilities. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2023 was 981,633 as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 990,116 for fiscal 2022. 
 
 For fiscal 2023, net income adjusted for non-cash items (primarily depreciation, amortization of intangibles, deferred income tax benefit and stock-based compensation) provided 664,339 of operating cash. The change in net working capital provided additional operating cash of 317,294 during fiscal 2023, primarily due to decreases in accounts receivable due to lower sales levels and a reduction in inventory levels. 
 
 For fiscal 2022, net income adjusted for non-cash operating items (primarily depreciation, amortization of intangibles, deferred income tax benefit and stock-based compensation) provided 1,405,990 of operating cash. The change in net working capital resulted in the use of 415,874 of operating cash during fiscal 2022, primarily due to an increase in inventory. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2023 was 222,483, primarily due to capital expenditures of 208,194. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2022 was 1,049,257, primarily due to 781,967 used in business acquisitions, primarily for the Airxcel acquisition discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and capital expenditures of 242,357. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2023 was 635,685, including payments of 100,000 on the ABL facility and 402,355 on the term-loan credit facilities. Additionally, the Company made regular quarterly cash dividend payments of 0.45 per share for each quarter of fiscal 2023 totaling 95,969, and 42,007 was used for treasury share repurchases. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2022 was 47,841, consisting primarily of borrowings of 660,088 on the revolving asset-based credit facilities, which included 625,000 borrowed in connection with the acquisition of Airxcel and 35,088 for temporary working capital needs, in addition to 500,000 in proceeds from the issuance of Senior Unsecured Notes in October 2021, which were then used as part of the 559,035 in payments on the ABL facility. Payments of 332,907 were also made on the term-loan credit facilities. Additionally, the Company made regular quarterly cash dividend payments of 0.43 per share for each quarter of fiscal 2022 totaling 94,944, and 165,107 was used for treasury share repurchases. 
 
 The Company increased its previous regular quarterly dividend of 0.43 per share to 0.45 per share in October 2022. The Company increased its previous regular quarterly dividend of 0.41 per share to 0.43 per share in October 2021. 
 46 

Principal Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 
 Our principal contractual obligations and commercial commitments at July 31, 2023 are summarized in the following charts. Unrecognized income tax benefits in the amount of 15,992 have been excluded from the table because we are unable to determine a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of future payment. We have no other material off-balance sheet commitments. 
 Payments Due By Period Contractual Obligations Total Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025-2026 Fiscal 2027-2028 After 5 Years Debt principal payments (1) 
 1,327,405 11,368 794,382 10,979 510,676 Finance leases (2) 
 4,203 1,059 2,190 954 Operating leases (2) 
 66,998 17,423 22,232 10,797 16,546 Purchase obligations (3) 
 151,131 151,131 Total contractual cash obligations 1,549,737 180,981 818,804 22,730 527,222 
 (1) See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (2) See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (3) Represent commitments to purchase specified quantities of raw materials at market prices. The dollar values above have been estimated based on July 31, 2023 market prices. 
 
 Total Amounts Committed Amount of Commitment Expiration Per Period Other Commercial Commitments Less Than 
 One Year (1) 
 1-3 Years 4-5 Years Over 5 Years Standby repurchase obligations (1) 
 3,893,048 2,442,581 1,450,467 
 (1) The standby repurchase totals above do not consider any curtailments that lower the eventual repurchase obligation totals, and these obligations generally extend up to eighteen months from the date of sale of the related product to the dealer. In estimating the expiration of the standby repurchase obligations, we used inventory reports as of July 31, 2023 from our independent dealers primary lending institutions and made an assumption for obligations for inventory aged 0-12 months that it was financed evenly over the twelve-month period. 
 
 Application of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company's significant accounting policies. 
 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. We believe that of our accounting estimates, the following may involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity: 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 We account for the acquisition of a business using the acquisition method of accounting. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributed to non-controlling interests, are recorded at the acquisition date at their fair values. Assigning fair values requires the Company to make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of identifiable intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, deferred tax asset valuation allowances, and liabilities, such as uncertain tax positions and contingencies. The Company may refine these estimates, if necessary, over a period not to exceed one year by taking into consideration new information that, if known at the acquisition date, would have affected the fair values ascribed to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 Significant estimates and assumptions are used in estimating the value of acquired identifiable intangible assets, including estimating future cash flows based on revenues and margins that the Company expects to generate following the acquisition, selecting an applicable royalty rate where needed, determining an appropriate dealer attrition rate, applying an appropriate discount rate to estimate a present value of those cash flows and determining their useful lives. Subsequent changes to projections driven by actual results following the acquisition date could require the Company to record impairment charges. 
 
 47 

Goodwill, Intangible and Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Goodwill results from the excess of purchase price over the net assets of an acquired business. The Company's reporting units are generally the same as its operating segments, which are identified in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually as of May 31 of each fiscal year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. The total carrying value of goodwill as of July 31, 2023 is 1,800,422. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of changes in carrying value by fiscal year and reportable segment. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge equal to that excess is recognized, not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. As part of the annual impairment testing, the Company may utilize a qualitative approach rather than a quantitative approach to determine if an impairment exists, considering various factors including industry changes, actual results as compared to forecasted results, or the timing of a recent acquisition, if applicable. 
 
 One of the Company's reporting units has a goodwill balance of 388,846 as of July 31, 2023. For its May 31, 2023 annual impairment test of this reporting unit, the Company utilized both a discounted cash flow model and market approach based on guideline public companies to estimate the fair value of this reporting unit. The fair value of this reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by less than 10 in this test. The estimated fair value is subject to significant management judgment, including the determination of many factors such as, but not limited to, sales growth rates, margin growth rates and discount rates developed using market observable inputs and considering risk regarding future performance, as well as market multiples derived from selected guideline public companies. Changes in any of these estimates can have a significant impact on the determination of fair value. Additionally, market data and factors outside the Company s control, such as dealer and end consumer demand, could have a significant impact on estimated fair value. Changes in any of these estimates or other factors could potentially result in future material impairments. 
 
 The Company s intangible assets are dealer networks, trademarks and design technology and other intangible assets acquired in business acquisitions. Dealer networks are valued on a Discounted Cash Flow method and are amortized on an accelerated basis over 12 to 20 years, with amortization beginning after any applicable backlog amortization is completed. Trademarks and design technology assets are both valued on a Relief of Royalty method and are both amortized on a straight-line basis, using lives of 15 to 25 years for trademarks and 10 to 15 years for design technology assets, respectively. Amortizable intangible assets, net as of July 31, 2023 totaled 996,979. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of the components of that balance. 
 
 We review our tangible and intangible long-lived assets (individually or in a related group, as appropriate) for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable from future cash flows attributable to the assets. We continually assess whether events or changes in circumstances represent a triggering event that would require us to complete an impairment assessment. Factors that we consider in determining whether a triggering event has occurred include, among other things, whether there has been a significant adverse change in legal factors, business climate or competition related to the operation of the asset, whether there has been a significant decrease in actual or expected operating results related to the asset and whether there are current plans to sell or dispose of the asset. The determination of whether a triggering event has occurred is subject to significant management judgment, including at which point or fiscal quarter a triggering event has occurred when the relevant adverse factors persist over extended periods. 
 
 Should a triggering event be deemed to occur, and for each of the annual goodwill impairment assessments, management is required to estimate fair value. Fair values are generally determined by a discounted cash flow model, in addition to a market approach based on guideline public companies, in certain situations. These estimates are also subject to significant management judgment, including the determination of many factors such as sales growth rates, gross margin patterns, cost growth rates, terminal value assumptions and discount rates developed using market observable inputs and consideration of risk regarding future performance, as well as market multiples derived from selected guideline public companies. Changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the determination of cash flows and fair value and could potentially result in future material impairments. 
 
 The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of May 31, 2023, and no impairment was identified. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding goodwill and intangible assets. 

48 

Product Warranty 
 
 We generally provide retail customers of our products with either a one-year or two-year warranty covering defects in material or workmanship, with longer warranties on certain structural components or other items. We record a liability, which totaled 345,197 at July 31, 2023, based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle unpaid existing claims and estimated future claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date. Factors we use in estimating the warranty liability include a history of retail sold units, existing THOR units in dealer inventory, historical average costs per unit incurred and a profile of the distribution of warranty expenditures over the warranty period. A significant increase in service shop rates, the cost of parts or the frequency of claims could have a material adverse impact on our operating results for the period or periods in which such additional claims or costs materialize. Management believes that the warranty liability is appropriate; however, actual claims incurred could differ from estimates, requiring adjustments to the reserves. 
 
 Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Reference is made to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report for a summary of recently adopted accounting pronouncements, which summary is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 49 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. At times, the Company enters into hedging transactions to mitigate certain of these risks in accordance with guidelines established by the Company s management. The Company does not use financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 CURRENCY EXCHANGE RISK The Company s principal currency exposures mainly relate to the Euro and British Pound Sterling. The Company has used foreign currency forward contracts to manage certain foreign exchange rate exposure related to anticipated sales transactions in Pound Sterling with financial instruments whose maturity date, along with the realized gain or loss, occurs on or near the execution of the anticipated transaction. 
 
 The Company also holds 555,506 of debt denominated in Euros at July 31, 2023. A hypothetical 10 change in the Euro/U.S. Dollar exchange rate would change our July 31, 2023 debt balance by an estimated 55,551. 
 
 INTEREST RATE RISK Based on our assumption of the Company s floating-rate debt levels over the next 12 months, a one-percentage-point increase in interest rates (approximately 13.3 of our weighted-average interest rate at July 31, 2023) would result in an estimated 7,626 reduction in income before income taxes over a one-year period. 
 50 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The information provided in pages F-1 through F-33 at the end of this Report is incorporated by reference in response to this Item. 
 
 Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 Quarter Ended Fiscal 2023 
 October 31 January 31 April 30 July 31 Net sales 3,108,084 2,346,635 2,928,820 2,738,066 Gross profit 486,476 282,935 432,637 394,305 Net income attributable to THOR Industries, Inc. 136,185 27,080 120,719 90,287 Earnings per common share: (1) 
 Basic 2.54 0.51 2.26 1.69 Diluted 2.53 0.50 2.24 1.68 Dividends paid per common share 0.45 0.45 0.45 0.45 Market prices per common share High 96.11 94.46 105.36 115.52 Low 67.09 74.00 74.50 75.93 
 
 Quarter Ended Fiscal 2022 
 October 31 January 31 April 30 July 31 Net sales 3,958,224 3,875,018 4,657,517 3,821,766 Gross profit 655,424 675,274 807,445 667,887 Net income attributable to THOR Industries, Inc. 242,242 266,568 348,051 280,943 Earnings per common share: (1) 
 Basic 4.37 4.80 6.34 5.17 Diluted 4.34 4.79 6.32 5.15 Dividends paid per common share 0.43 0.43 0.43 0.43 Market prices per common share High 128.87 115.47 100.14 89.60 Low 99.35 85.13 73.50 66.26 
 
 (1) Earnings per common share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented based on net income attributable to THOR Industries, Inc. The summation of the quarterly amounts will not necessarily equal the total earnings per common share reported for the year due to changes in the weighted-average shares outstanding during the year. 
 51 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Part A Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures , as such term is defined under Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, the Company s management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and the Company s management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The Company has carried out an evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Part B Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting refers to a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and members of our Board of Directors and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The Company s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023 using the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment, management believes that as of July 31, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. The report appears in Part D of this Item 9A. 
 
 Part C Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

52 

Part D Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of THOR Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of THOR Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended July 31, 2023, of the Company and our report dated September 25, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 September 25, 2023 
 53 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended July 31, 2023, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) informed us of the or of a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as defined in Item 408 of Regulations S-K. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 54 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The Company has adopted a written code of ethics, the THOR Industries, Inc. Business Ethics Policy , which is applicable to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, including the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and other executive officers identified pursuant to this Item 10 who perform similar functions (collectively, the Selected Officers ). In accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, a copy of the code has been posted on the Company s website at https://ir.thorindustries.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents/default.aspx and is also available in print to any person, without charge, upon request. The Company intends to disclose any changes in or waivers from its code of ethics applicable to any Selected Officer on its website at www.thorindustries.com or by filing a Form 8-K. 
 
 The other information in response to this Item is included under the captions OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS; EXECUTIVE OFFICERS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTORS; BOARD OF DIRECTORS: STRUCTURE and COMMITTEES AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, which portions of said Proxy Statement are hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required in response to this Item is contained under the captions COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION, DIRECTOR COMPENSATION and COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, which portions of said Proxy Statement are hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table provides information as of July 31, 2023 about the Company s Common Stock that is authorized for issuance under the THOR Industries, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan ). 
 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,175,711 (1) (2) 1,102,045 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 1,175,711 1,102,045 
 (1) Represents shares underlying restricted stock units and performance stock units granted pursuant to the 2016 Plan. 
 (2) The restricted stock units and performance stock units totaling 1,175,711 in column (a) do not have an exercise price. 
 (3) Represents shares remaining available for future issuance pursuant to the 2016 Plan. 
 
 The other information required in response to this Item is contained under the caption OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, which portions of said Proxy Statement are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 55 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required in response to this Item is contained under the captions CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS WITH MANAGEMENT and BOARD OF DIRECTORS: STRUCTURE, COMMITTEES AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, which portions of said Proxy Statement are hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required in response to this Item is contained under the caption INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FEES in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, which portion of said Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 56 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte Touche LLP (Firm ID No. 
 F-1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted since the required information is either not applicable, not material or is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Description 2.1 Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2021, by and among the Company, AirX Intermediate, Inc. and Airx Midco, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2021) 
 3.1 Thor Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 20, 2018) 
 3.2 Thor Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 20, 2018) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of October 14, 2021, among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 14, 2021) 
 4.2 Form of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.3 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 1987) (P) Rule 311 4.4 Description of Registrant's Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2020) 
 10.1 Thor Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022) 10.2 Thor Industries, Inc. Form of Indemnification Agreement for executive officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 31, 2011) 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Dealer Exclusivity Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2009, by and among Thor Industries, Inc., FreedomRoads Holding Company, LLC, FreedomRoads, LLC and certain subsidiaries of FreedomRoads, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 30, 2011) 
 10.4 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Dealer Exclusivity Agreement between the Company, FreedomRoads Holding Company, LLC, FreedomRoads, LLC and certain subsidiaries of FreedomRoads, LLC, dated as of December 22, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 22, 2009) 
 10.5 THOR Industries, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company's Additional Proxy Soliciting Materials on Schedule 14A filed on December 2, 2021) 
 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Grants to Employees of the Company under the Thor Industries, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 20, 2017) 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Grants to Non-Employee Directors of the Company under the Thor Industries, Inc. 2016 Equity and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 20, 2017) 
 
 57 

10.8 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2019, by and among the Company, as borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current report on Form 8-K dated February 1, 2019, as amended April 18, 2019) 
 10.9 ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2019, by and among the Company, certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company, certain subsidiaries of EHG organized under the laws of Germany and a subsidiary of EHG organized under the laws of the United Kingdom, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current report on Form 8-K dated February 1, 2019, as amended April 18, 2019) 
 10.10 Amendment No. 1 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of March 25, 2021, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Term B-1 Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 30, 2021) 
 10.11 Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and each of Robert W. Martin, Colleen Zuhl, W. Todd Woelfer, Kenneth D. Julian and Trevor Q. Gasper dated July 24, 2023 + 
 10.12 Amendment No. 1 to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2021, by and among the Company, certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company, certain subsidiaries of EHG organized under the laws of Germany and a subsidiary of EHG organized under the laws of the United Kingdom, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2021) 
 10.13 Amendment No. 2 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of May 9, 2023, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Term B-1 Lender 
 10.14 Amendment No. 2 to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2023, by and among the Company, certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company, certain subsidiaries of EHG organized under the laws of Germany and a subsidiary of EHG organized under the laws of the United Kingdom, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, dated September 2 5 , 202 3 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104.1 The cover page from THOR Industries Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). 
 Attached as Exhibits 101 to this report are the following financial statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2023 formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language ): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) related notes to these financial statements. 
 Filed herewith Furnished herewith Certain schedules and exhibits referenced in certain agreements filed as exhibits hereto have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request + Designates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 58 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on September 25, 2023 on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 THOR INDUSTRIES, INC. (Signed) /s/ Robert W. Martin Robert W. Martin Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed on September 25, 2023 by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 (Signed) /s/ Robert W. Martin (Signed) /s/ Colleen Zuhl Robert W. Martin Colleen Zuhl Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal executive officer) (Principal financial and accounting officer) (Signed) /s/ Andrew E. Graves (Signed) /s/ Peter B. Orthwein Andrew E. Graves Peter B. Orthwein Chairman of the Board Director and Chairman Emeritus (Signed) /s/ Christina Hennington (Signed) /s/ Amelia A. Huntington Christina Hennington Amelia A. Huntington Director Director (Signed) /s/ Laurel M. Hurd (Signed) /s/ Wilson R. Jones Laurel M. Hurd Wilson R. Jones Director Director (Signed) /s/ William J. Kelley Jr. (Signed) /s/ Christopher J. Klein William J. Kelley Jr. Christopher J. Klein Director Director 
 
 59 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of THOR Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of THOR Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated September 25, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Airxcel Reporting Unit Goodwill see Note 7 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. The Company typically utilizes a quantitative assessment to test for impairment, which involves a comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value. Fair values are determined by a discounted cash flow model, in addition to a market approach based on guideline public companies. These estimates are subject to significant management judgment, including the determination of many factors such as, but not limited to, sales growth rates and discount rates developed using market observable inputs and considering risk regarding future performance, as well as market multiples derived from selected guideline public companies. Changes in any of these estimates can have a significant impact on the determination of cash flows and fair value and could potentially result in future material impairments. The goodwill balance was 1,800 million as of July 31, 2023, of which 389 million was allocated to the Airxcel reporting unit. As a result of the assessment performed by the Company during the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company concluded that the fair value of the Airxcel reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and that there was no impairment of Airxcel reporting unit goodwill. 
 F-1 

We identified the valuation of goodwill for the Airxcel reporting unit as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the Airxcel reporting unit and the impact on Airxcel s operations of changes in recreational vehicle dealer and end consumer demand and also when considering that the difference between the fair value of the Airxcel reporting unit and its carrying value is not significant. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to selection of the sales growth rates and discount rate used in the discounted cash flow model and the market multiples used in the market approach based on guideline public companies. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the sales growth rates, discount rate and market multiples used by management to estimate the Airxcel reporting unit fair value included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of reporting unit fair value, such as controls related to management s selection of the sales growth rates, discount rate and market multiples derived from selected guideline public companies. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of sales growth rates by comparing forecasted sales levels and underlying assumptions to historical operating results, information communicated to the Board of Directors, external data encompassing the recreational vehicle industry, and information furnished to the public by the Company, its peers, and analysts following the Company and the industry. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the discount rate, including testing the underlying source information and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the market multiples, including testing the underlying source information and mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and comparing the multiples selected by management to its guideline public companies. 

/s/ 
 
 September 25, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1981. 

F-2 

THOR Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 July 31, 2023 July 31, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, trade, net Accounts receivable, other, net Inventories, net Prepaid income taxes, expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets: Goodwill Amortizable intangible assets, net Deferred income tax assets, net Equity investments Other Total other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current portion of long-term debt Short-term financial obligations Accrued liabilities: Compensation and related items Product warranties Income and other taxes Promotions and rebates Product, property and related liabilities Other Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income tax liabilities, net Unrecognized tax benefits Other liabilities Total long-term liabilities Contingent liabilities and commitments Stockholders equity: Preferred stock authorized shares; outstanding 
 Common stock par value of per share; authorized shares; issued and shares, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Less treasury shares of and , respectively, at cost 
 ) ) Stockholders equity attributable to THOR Industries, Inc. Non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-3 

THOR Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 2023 2022 2021 Net sales Cost of products sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Interest expense, net Other income, net Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) Net income attributable to THOR Industries, Inc. Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation gain (loss), net of tax ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives, net of tax ) Other income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total comprehensive income Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to THOR Industries, Inc. 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

THOR Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Accumulated Stockholders Additional Other Equity Non- Total Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Treasury Stock Attributable controlling Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Earnings Income (Loss), net Shares Amount to THOR Interests Equity Balance at August 1, 2020 ) Net income Restricted stock unit activity ) ) ) ) Cash dividends per common share 
 ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Other comprehensive income Dividend paid to non-controlling interest ) ) Balance at July 31, 2021 ) Net income Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Restricted stock unit activity ) ) ) Cash dividends per common share 
 ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Dividend paid to non-controlling interest ) ) Acquisitions ) ) Balance at July 31, 2022 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Restricted stock unit activity ) ) ) Cash dividends per common share 
 ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at July 31, 2023 ) ) 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

THOR Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 
 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Amortization of debt issuance costs Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) (Gain) loss on disposition of property, plant and equipment ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid income taxes, expenses and other ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities and other Long-term liabilities and other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from dispositions of property, plant and equipment Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings on revolving asset-based credit facilities Payments on revolving asset-based credit facilities ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes Payments on term-loan credit facilities ) ) ) Payments on other debt ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Payments on finance lease obligations ) ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Payments related to vesting of stock-based awards ) ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Less: restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Income taxes paid Interest paid Non-cash investing and financing transactions: Capital expenditures in accounts payable 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (All Dollar and Euro amounts are presented in thousands, except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) 

1. 
 
 distinct operations, which include the design, manufacture and sale of North American Towable Recreational Vehicles, North American Motorized Recreational Vehicles and European Recreational Vehicles, with the European vehicles including both towable and motorized products as well as other RV-related products and services. Accordingly, the Company has presented financial information for these segments in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

and , respectively, were held by one U.S. financial institution. In addition, at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022, the equivalent of and , respectively, was held in Euros at one European financial institution and and , respectively, was held in Euros by a different European financial institution. 
 
 See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 

F-7 

to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Rental vehicles years 
 Depreciation expense is recorded in cost of products sold, except for , and in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which relates primarily to office buildings and office equipment and is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

to years. Dealer networks/customer relationships are amortized on an accelerated basis over to years, with amortization beginning after backlog amortization is completed, if applicable. Design technology and non-compete agreements are amortized using the straight-line method over to years. 
 
 See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

F-8 

and were , and in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as the Company has to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. The Company reevaluates these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, voluntary settlements and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. 
 
 Judgment is required in determining the Company s provision for income taxes, the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation allowance recorded against the Company s deferred tax assets. Valuation allowances must be considered due to the uncertainty of realizing deferred tax assets. The Company assesses whether valuation allowances should be established against our deferred tax assets on a tax jurisdictional basis based on the consideration of all available evidence, including cumulative income over recent periods, using a more likely than not standard. 
 
 F-9 

and totaled , and in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 , while some stock-based awards use a graded vesting period. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures, which is based on historical forfeiture rates over the vesting period of employee awards. 

Unvested restricted stock units and performance stock units Weighted-average shares outstanding assuming dilution 
 
 The Company excludes unvested restricted stock units and performance stock units that have an antidilutive effect from its calculation of weighted-average shares outstanding. Antidilutive unvested restricted stock units and performance stock units excluded from the July 31, 2023, July 31, 2022 and July 31, 2021 calculations were material. 

2. 
 
 , net of cash acquired. In conjunction with the Airxcel acquisition, the Company expanded its existing ABL facility from to , favorably amended certain terms of the agreement and extended the term of the ABL. 

F-10 

Inventory Other assets Property, plant and equipment Amortizable intangible assets: Customer relationships Trademarks Design technology assets Backlog Goodwill Current liabilities ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Non-controlling interest ) Total fair value of net assets acquired Less cash acquired ) Total cash consideration for acquisition, less cash acquired 
 
 On the acquisition date, amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average useful life of years. The customer relationships were valued based on the Discounted Cash Flow Method and are being amortized on an accelerated basis over years. The trademarks were valued on the Relief from Royalty Method and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over years. The design technology assets were valued on the Relief from Royalty Method and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over years. Backlog was valued based on the Discounted Cash Flow Method and was amortized on a straight-line basis over . The majority of the goodwill recognized as a result of this transaction is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Tiffin Group 
 
 On December 18, 2020, the Company acquired luxury motorized recreational vehicle manufacturer Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc., and certain other associated operating and supply companies, which primarily supply component parts and services to Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc., (collectively the "Tiffin Group"). Tiffin Group, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, owns the Tiffin Group. Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc. operates out of various locations in Alabama. 
 
 The cash consideration for the acquisition of the Tiffin Group was , net of cash acquired, and was funded through existing cash-on-hand as well as in borrowings from the Company s existing asset-based credit facility. 
 
 F-11 

Inventory Other assets Property, plant and equipment Amortizable intangible assets: Dealer network Trademarks Non-compete agreements Backlog Goodwill Current liabilities ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Total fair value of net assets acquired Less cash acquired ) Total cash consideration for acquisition, less cash acquired 
 
 On the acquisition date, amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average useful life of years. The dealer networks were valued based on the Discounted Cash Flow Method and are being amortized on an accelerated basis over to years. The trademarks were valued on the Relief from Royalty Method and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over years. Backlogs were valued based on the Discounted Cash Flow Method and were amortized on a straight-line basis over five to . Generally, the goodwill recognized as a result of this transaction is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Pro-forma Information 
 
 The following unaudited pro forma information represents the Company s results of operations as if the fiscal 2022 acquisition of Airxcel had occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2021 and the fiscal 2021 acquisition of the Tiffin Group had occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2020. The disclosure of pro forma net sales and earnings does not purport to indicate the results that would actually have been obtained had the acquisitions been completed on the assumed dates for the periods presented, or which may be realized in the future. 
 
 Net income attributable to THOR Industries, Inc. Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 F-12 

3. 
 
 reportable segments, all related to recreational vehicles: (1) North American Towable Recreational Vehicles, (2) North American Motorized Recreational Vehicles and (3) European Recreational Vehicles. 
 
 The North American Towable Recreational Vehicle reportable segment consists of the following operating segments that have been aggregated: Airstream (towable), Heartland (including Cruiser RV and DRV), Jayco (including Jayco towable, Starcraft and Highland Ridge), Keystone (including CrossRoads and Dutchmen), and KZ (including Venture RV). The North American Motorized Recreational Vehicle reportable segment consists of the following operating segments that have been aggregated: Airstream (motorized), Jayco (including Jayco motorized and Entegra Coach), Thor Motor Coach and Tiffin Group (namely, Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc.). The European Recreational Vehicles reportable segment consists solely of the EHG business. EHG manufactures a full line of towable and motorized recreational vehicles, including caravans, motorcaravans, urban vehicles and campervans in eight primary RV production locations within Europe. EHG produces and sells numerous brands primarily within Europe, including Buccaneer, Buerstner, Carado, Compass, CrossCamp, Dethleffs, Elddis, Eriba, Etrusco, Hymer, Laika, LMC, Niesmann+Bischoff, Sunlight and Xplore. In addition, EHG s operations include other RV-related products and services. 
 
 The operations of the Company's Postle and Airxcel subsidiaries are included in Other , along with the operations of Roadpass Digital through December 30, 2022 as discussed in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Net sales included in Other related primarily to the sale of specialized component parts and aluminum extrusions. Intercompany eliminations primarily adjust for Postle and Airxcel sales to the Company s North American towables and North American motorized segments, which are consummated at established transfer prices generally consistent with the selling prices of products to third parties. 
 
 Total assets include those assets used in the operation of each reportable and non-reportable segment, and the Corporate assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, deferred income taxes, deferred compensation plan assets and certain Corporate real estate holdings primarily utilized by THOR s U.S.-based operating subsidiaries. 
 North American Motorized Total North America European Total recreational vehicles Other Intercompany eliminations ) ) ) Total 
 
 North American Motorized Total North America European Total recreational vehicles Other, net Corporate ) ) ) Total 
 F-13 

North American Motorized Total North America European Total recreational vehicles Other, net Corporate Total 
 
 2023 2022 2021 DEPRECIATION AND INTANGIBLE ASSET AMORTIZATION EXPENSE: Recreational vehicles North American Towable North American Motorized Total North America European Total recreational vehicles Other, net Corporate Total 

CAPITAL ACQUISITIONS: Recreational vehicles North American Towable North American Motorized Total North America European Total recreational vehicles Other, net Corporate Total 
 
 DESTINATION OF NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION: United States Germany Other Europe Canada Other foreign Total 
 F-14 

Germany Other Europe Other Total 

4. 

Interest rate swap agreements Total derivative financial instruments 
 
 The Company previously held interest rate swaps to convert a portion of the Company s long-term debt from floating rate to fixed rate debt to partially hedge the interest rate risk related to the Company s U.S. dollar term loan tranche that matures in February 2026. 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts outstanding at July 31, 2022 were used to exchange British Pounds Sterling for Euro. Effective August 1, 2022, the Company's foreign currency forward contracts were no longer designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 
 The Company designates a portion of its outstanding Euro-denominated term loan tranche as a hedge of foreign currency exposures related to investments the Company has in certain Euro-denominated functional currency subsidiaries. 
 
 The foreign currency transaction gains and losses on the Euro-denominated portion of the term loan, which is designated and effective as a hedge of the Company s net investment in its Euro-denominated functional currency subsidiaries, are included as a component of the foreign currency translation adjustment. Gains (losses), net of tax, included in the foreign currency translation adjustment were ), , and ) for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023, July 31, 2022 and July 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 There were amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI pertaining to the net investment hedge during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 F-15 

and a fair value liability of as of July 31, 2023. These other derivative instruments had a notional amount totaling approximately and a fair value liability of as of July 31, 2022. For these derivative instruments, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. 
 
 ) Interest rate swap agreements (1) 
 ) Total gain (loss) ) 
 
 (1) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, before reclassification from AOCI was , and for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2023 Sales Interest Expense Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI, Net of Tax Foreign currency forward contracts ) Interest rate swap agreements Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income, net of tax Foreign currency forward contracts Commodities swap agreements ) Interest rate swap agreements Total gain (loss) 
 
 2022 Sales Interest Expense Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI, Net of Tax Foreign currency forward contracts ) Interest rate swap agreements ) Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income, net of tax Interest rate swap agreements Total gain (loss) ) ) 
 
 F-16 

Interest rate swap agreements ) Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income, net of tax Interest rate swap agreements ) Total gain (loss) ) ) 

5. 
 
 Finished goods other Work in process Raw materials Chassis Subtotal Excess of FIFO costs over LIFO costs ) ) Total inventories, net 
 
 and of inventories at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022, and , respectively, was valued on the first-in, first-out FIFO method, and and , respectively, was valued on the last-in, first-out LIFO basis. During fiscal 2023 the amount of inventories in certain LIFO pools decreased and resulted in the liquidation of LIFO inventory layers carried at lower costs. The effect of this liquidation was to increase net income before income taxes by approximately , all in the North American Towable segment. 

6. 

Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Rental vehicles Lease right-of-use assets operating Lease right-of-use assets finance Total cost Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the lease right-of-use assets. 
 
 F-17 

7. 
 
 Trademarks Design technology and other intangibles Non-compete agreements Total amortizable intangible assets 
 
 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2025 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2026 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2027 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2028 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2029 and thereafter 
 
 The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test for fiscal 2023 as of May 31, 2023, and impairment was identified. There were impairments of goodwill during fiscal 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Fiscal year 2022 activity: 
 Goodwill acquired Measurement period adjustments ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Net balance as of July 31, 2022 
 Fiscal year 2023 activity: 
 Goodwill acquired Measurement period adjustments Foreign currency translation and other ) Deconsolidation of Roadpass Digital ) ) Net balance as of July 31, 2023 

F-18 

Accumulated impairment charges ) ) ) Net balance as of July 31, 2023 
 
 North American Towable North American Motorized European Other Total Goodwill Accumulated impairment charges ) ) ) Net balance as of July 31, 2022 

8. 
 
 of the Class A-RP units and Class C-RP units, respectively, issued by TN-RP. The Company also simultaneously entered into an Operating Agreement with TechNexus related to TN-RP whereby TechNexus will manage the day-to-day operations of TN-RP subject to certain protective rights maintained by the Company. The rights and privileges of the Company and TechNexus as unit holders of TN-RP are governed by the terms of the Operating Agreement, which includes provisions for distributions during its existence and at dissolution. 
 
 TN-RP is a variable interest entity VIE ), in which both the Company and TechNexus each have a variable interest. The Company s equity interest, which entitles the Company to a share of future distributions from TN-RP, represents a variable interest. TechNexus s compensation in exchange for its services as manager of TN-RP includes ongoing cash payments and a share of future distributions, both as defined in the Operating Agreement. This compensation represents a variable interest for TechNexus as the Company believes that the total compensation is above market for the effort required to provide the requisite management services. TN-RP is a VIE because it is reliant on the Company for financing cash needs and would not otherwise be able to secure such financing at market terms. The formation of TN-RP and the agreements are intended to allow TN-RP to maximize its efficiency and operating effectiveness under the direct day-to-day management and oversight of TechNexus. TechNexus will manage the operations and have control over key decisions in accordance with the Operating Agreement which provides TechNexus with the authority and power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of TN-RP. As such, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of TN-RP. 
 
 As a result of the December 30, 2022 agreements and the factors noted above, the Company no longer had a controlling financial interest in Roadpass Digital which resulted in the deconsolidation of Roadpass Digital subsequent to December 30, 2022. The Company s investment in TN-RP was valued at approximately as of the agreement date based on the Discounted Cash Flow Method and Option Pricing Model. This fair value measurement includes significant management judgment, particularly estimates of future cash flows based on revenues and margins that TN-RP is forecasted to generate in the future, terminal value assumptions and discount rates developed using market observable inputs and consideration of risks regarding future performance. Additionally, the Option Pricing Model further utilized estimates related to volatility, incorporating a selection of guideline public companies, and expected time to exit. The Discounted Cash Flow Method and Option Pricing Model both used level 3 inputs as defined by ASC 820. 
 
 The derecognition of the Roadpass Digital net assets and recognition of the Company s investment in TN-RP resulted in an immaterial gain that is included in Other income, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 

F-19 

Maximum exposure to loss 
 
 The maximum exposure above includes the carrying amount of the Company s investment in TN-RP as of July 31, 2023 plus the Company s maximum remaining commitment to fund operating cash needs upon request from TechNexus, as operating manager of TN-RP. 
 
 The Company has significant influence due to its Class A-RP unit ownership interest, non-majority seats on the TN-RP advisory board and certain protective rights, therefore the Company s investment in TN-RP is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and reported as a component of Equity investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets beginning after December 30, 2022. In applying the equity method of accounting, the Company allocates its share of earnings and losses using a hypothetical liquidation at book value method, as the Operating Agreement specifies how earnings and losses are to be allocated amongst the unit holders. The Company s share of gains and losses accounted for under the equity method of accounting are included in Other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The loss recognized in fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 was . 

9. 
 
 of the Company s consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. Sales to this dealer are reported within both the North American Towable and North American Motorized segments. This dealer also accounted for approximately of the Company s consolidated trade accounts receivable at July 31, 2023 and approximately at July 31, 2022. The loss of this dealer could have a material effect on the Company s business. 

10. 
 
 in fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2022 and in fiscal 2021. 
 
 The Company has established a deferred compensation plan for highly compensated U.S. employees who are not eligible to participate in a 401(k) plan. This plan allows participants to defer a portion of their compensation and the Company then invests the funds in a combination of corporate-owned life insurance ("COLI") and mutual fund investments held by the Company. The employee deferrals and the results and returns of the investments selected by the participants, which totaled at July 31, 2023 and at July 31, 2022, are recorded as Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Investments held by the Company are accounted for at cash surrender value for COLI and at fair value for mutual fund investments. Both types of company-owned assets, which in total approximate the same value as the plan liabilities, are reported as Other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the value of the plan assets are reflected within Other income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. Changes in the value of the liability are reflected within Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The Company does not make matching contributions to the deferred compensation plan. 

11. 
 
 F-20 

Deferred compensation plan mutual fund assets Level 1 Equity investments Level 1 Foreign currency forward contract liability Level 2 Interest rate swap liabilities, net Level 2 
 
 Cash equivalents represent investments in short-term money market instruments that are direct obligations of the U.S. Treasury and/or repurchase agreements backed by U.S. Treasury obligations. These investments are reported as a component of Cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Deferred compensation plan assets accounted for at fair value are investments in securities (primarily mutual funds) traded in an active market held for the benefit of certain employees of the Company as part of a deferred compensation plan. Additional plan investments in corporate-owned life insurance are recorded at their cash surrender value, not fair value, and therefore are not included above. 
 
 Equity investments represent certain stock investments that are publicly traded in an active market. 
 
 The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is estimated by discounting the difference between the contractual forward price and the current available forward price for the residual maturity of the contract using observable market rates. 
 
 The fair value of interest rate swaps is determined by discounting the estimated future cash flows based on the applicable observable yield curves. 

12. 
 
 warranty covering defects in material or workmanship, with longer warranties on certain structural components. The Company records a liability based on its best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date. Factors used in estimating the warranty liability include a history of retail units sold, existing dealer inventory, average cost incurred and a profile of the distribution of warranty expenditures over the warranty period. Actual claims incurred could differ from estimates, requiring adjustments to the liabilities. 
 
 Provision Payments ) ) ) Acquisitions Foreign currency translation ) Ending balance 
 
 F-21 

13. 
 
 Asset-based credit facility Senior unsecured notes Unsecured notes Other debt Total long-term debt Debt issuance costs, net of amortization ) ) Total long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt, net, less current portion 
 
 The Company is a party to a term loan term loan agreement, which originally consisted of both a United States Dollar-denominated term loan tranche of and a Euro-denominated term loan tranche of Euro at closing date exchange rate), and a asset-based credit facility ABL ). Subject to earlier termination, the term loan matures on February 1, 2026 and the ABL originally matured on February 1, 2024. In connection with the Airxcel acquisition discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, effective September 1, 2021, the Company expanded its existing ABL facility from to , favorably amended certain terms of the ABL agreement and extended the maturity date of the ABL from February 1, 2024 to September 1, 2026, subject to a springing maturity at an earlier date if the maturity date of the Company s term loan has not been extended or refinanced. The ABL interest rate provisions remained unchanged. 
 
 Under the term loan, both the U.S. and Euro tranches required annual principal payments of of the initial term loan balance, payable quarterly in installments starting on May 1, 2019. As of July 31, 2021, however, the Company had made sufficient payments on both the U.S. and Euro tranches to fulfill all annual principal payment requirements over the term of the loan. 
 
 Borrowings under the U.S. term loan originally bore interest at LIBOR or Alternate Base Rate ("ABR" as defined in the term loan facility agreement) plus an applicable margin of for LIBOR-based loans or for ABR-based loans. Interest on the Euro portion of the term loan was originally at EURIBOR (subject to a floor) plus . On March 25, 2021, the Company repriced its term loan debt, which resulted in reductions of the interest rate spread included in the overall interest rates on the Company s U.S. term loan tranche and the Euro term loan tranche of and , respectively. Interest is payable quarterly for ABR-based loans and monthly for LIBOR and EURIBOR-based loans. 
 
 During the quarter ended July 31, 2023 amendments were made to the term loan and ABL to transition the reference rate for loans denominated in U.S. dollars from LIBOR to the term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). This transition included a spread adjustment of basis points to be added to the SOFR reference rate for U.S. term loan tranche borrowings and basis points to be added to the SOFR reference rate for U.S. dollar ABL borrowings. These amendments only modified contract terms related to the reference rate change. In accordance with the optional expedients available under ASU No. 2020-04, these amendments were accounted for as not substantial changes. 
 
 The Company must make mandatory prepayments of principal under the term loan agreement upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including certain asset sales, debt issuances and receipt of annual cash flows in excess of certain amounts. No such specified events occurred during fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. The Company may, at its option, prepay any borrowings under the term loan, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty (except in certain circumstances). The Company may add one or more incremental term loan facilities to the term loan, subject to obtaining commitments from any participating lenders and certain other conditions. 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, the entire outstanding U.S. term loan tranche balance of was subject to a SOFR-based rate totaling . As of July 31, 2022, the entire outstanding U.S. term loan tranche balance of was subject to a LIBOR-based rate totaling , but the interest rate on of that balance was fixed at through an interest rate swap. This interest rate swap agreement was terminated in July 2023, and the impact of the termination was not material. 
 F-22 

was , and the total interest rate on the July 31, 2022 outstanding Euro term loan tranche balances of was 
 
 On October 14, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of of Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 Senior Unsecured Notes ). The Senior Unsecured Notes will mature on October 15, 2029 unless redeemed or repurchased earlier. Net proceeds from the Senior Unsecured Notes, along with cash on hand, were used to repay of borrowings outstanding on the Company s ABL and for certain transaction costs. Interest on the Senior Unsecured Notes is payable in semi-annual installments on April 15 and October 15 of each year, and the first semi-annual interest payment was made on April 14, 2022. The Senior Unsecured Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future senior indebtedness and senior to the Company s future subordinated indebtedness, and effectively junior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness. 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, there were outstanding ABL borrowings. As of July 31, 2022, the total weighted-average interest rate on the outstanding ABL borrowings of was . The Company may, generally at its option, repay any borrowings under the ABL, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, without penalty or premium. Availability under the ABL agreement is subject to a borrowing base based on a percentage of applicable eligible receivables and eligible inventory. The ABL currently carries interest at an annual base rate plus to , or EURIBOR plus to , or SOFR plus to , based on adjusted excess availability as defined in the ABL agreement. This agreement also includes a unused facility fee. 
 
 The ABL contains a financial covenant which requires the Company to maintain a minimum consolidated fixed-charge coverage ratio of X, although the covenant is only applicable when adjusted excess availability falls below a threshold of the greater of a) of the lesser of the borrowing base availability or the revolver line total, or b) . Up to of the ABL is available for the issuance of letters of credit, and up to is available for swing-line loans. The Company may also increase commitments under the ABL by up to by obtaining additional commitments from lenders and adhering to certain other conditions. 
 
 The unused availability under the ABL is generally available to the Company for general operating purposes, and based on July 31, 2023 eligible receivable and inventory balances and net of amounts drawn, if any, totaled approximately . 
 
 The unsecured notes of Euro at July 31, 2023 relate to long-term debt of our European segment. There are two series, Euro with an interest rate of maturing in March 2025, and Euro with an interest rate of maturing March 2028. Other debt relates primarily to real estate loans with varying maturity dates through September 2032 and interest rates ranging from to . 
 
 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2025 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2026 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2027 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2028 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2029 and thereafter 
 
 The March 25, 2021 term loan debt repricing noted above was evaluated on a creditor-by-creditor basis to determine whether modification or extinguishment accounting was required under the provisions of ASC 470-50. Extinguishment accounting was applied to a small percentage of the creditors that were deemed to have a substantial difference in terms based on an analysis of the present values of cash flows before and after the repricing. As a result, the Company recorded a debt extinguishment charge of in fiscal 2021. This charge is classified as interest expense in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. For the majority of the creditors, the debt repricing was accounted for as a modification. 
 
 For fiscal 2023, interest expense on the term loan, ABL, Senior Unsecured Notes and other debt facilities was . In addition, interest expense included the amortization of capitalized fees to secure the term loan, ABL and Senior Unsecured Notes of , which are being amortized over the respective terms of those arrangements. The unamortized balance of all capitalized ABL facility fees was at July 31, 2023 and is included in Other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-23 

. In addition, interest expense included the amortization of capitalized fees to secure the term loan, ABL and Senior Unsecured Notes of , which are being amortized over the respective terms of those arrangements. The unamortized balance of the ABL facility fees was at July 31, 2022 and is included in Other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 For fiscal 2021, interest expense on the term loan, ABL and other debt facilities was . In addition, the Company recorded total charges related to the amortization of the term loan and ABL fees, which are classified as interest expense, of for fiscal 2021, which included of debt extinguishment charge related to the 2019 fees recorded as a result of the debt repricing noted above. 
 
 and , respectively, and the fair value of the Company's Senior Unsecured Notes at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 was and , respectively. The fair values of the Company s term-loan debt and Senior Unsecured Notes are primarily estimated using Level 2 inputs as defined by ASC 820, based on quoted prices in markets that are not active. The fair value of other debt held by the Company approximates carrying value. 

14. 
 
 Foreign Total 
 
 U.S. state and local Foreign Total current expense U.S. Federal ) ) U.S. state and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred expense (benefit) ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act (the Act was signed into law. The Act includes several changes impacting business, including but not limited to insurance premium subsidies, extension of employee retention tax credits and amendments to deductible compensation. The Company determined that the impacts of the Act are not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law. Among other provisions, the law provides for a 1 tax imposed on the fair market value of shares repurchased by issuers whose shares are traded on an established securities market, subject to certain exceptions. The tax applies to repurchases made after December 31, 2022 and the Company has determined that the excise tax will not have a material impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-24 

Differences between U.S. Federal statutory and foreign tax rates ) ) Foreign currency remeasurement (gains) losses ) U.S. state and local income taxes, net of federal benefit Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income Other ) Total income tax expense 
 
 Employee benefits Self-insurance reserves Accrued product warranties Accrued incentives Sales returns and allowances Accrued expenses Property, plant and equipment ) ) Operating leases Deferred compensation Intangibles ) ) Net operating loss and other carryforwards Unrealized loss ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits Research and development Other ) Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred income tax (liability), net ) ) 
 
 Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based upon available evidence, it is more likely than not that some, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowances recorded at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 relate to certain foreign net operating loss carry forwards and other assets in foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 With the exception of foreign subsidiary investment basis differences not attributable to un-repatriated foreign earnings, we consider all of our undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, as of July 31, 2023, to not be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. As of July 31, 2023, the related income tax cost of the repatriation of foreign earnings is not material. 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, the Company has of U.S. state tax credit carry forwards that expire in fiscal 2033, which the Company expects to realize prior to expiration. At July 31, 2023, the Company had of gross NOL carry forwards in certain foreign jurisdictions that will expire from fiscal 2024 to indefinite carryforward, of which has been fully reserved with a valuation allowance and the remaining amount the Company expects to realize. In addition, the Company has of gross U.S. state tax NOL carryforwards that expire from fiscal 2024 to 2043 that the Company does not expect to realize and therefore has been fully reserved with a valuation allowance. 
 
 F-25 

for fiscal 2023, for fiscal 2022 and for fiscal 2021. 
 
 Tax positions related to prior years: Additions Reductions ) ) ) Tax positions related to current year: Additions Settlements ) ) ) Lapses in statute of limitations ) ) ) Tax positions acquired Ending balance 
 
 It is the Company s policy to recognize interest and penalties accrued relative to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The total amount of liabilities accrued for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 were and , respectively. The total amount of interest and penalties expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023, July 31, 2022 and July 31, 2021 were , and , respectively. 
 
 The total unrecognized tax benefits above, along with the related accrued interest and penalties, are reported within the liability section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. A portion of the unrecognized tax benefits is classified as short-term and is included in the Income and other taxes line of the Consolidated Balance Sheets, while the remainder is classified as a long-term liability. 
 
 Reduction to unrecognized tax benefits which offset tax credit and loss carryforwards ) ) Accrued interest and penalties Total unrecognized tax benefits Short-term, included in Income and other taxes Long-term Total unrecognized tax benefits 
 
 Within the next 12 months, the Company does not anticipate any material changes in its unrecognized tax benefits as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in many U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is currently under exam by certain foreign jurisdictions for fiscal years ended 2016 through 2021. The Company believes it has adequately reserved for its exposure to additional payments for uncertain tax positions in its liability for unrecognized tax benefits. 

F-26 

15. 
 
 and , respectively. The commitment term is generally up to . 
 
 The Company accounts for the guarantee under repurchase agreements of dealers financing by deferring a portion of the related product sale that represents the estimated fair value of the guarantee at inception. This deferred amount is included in the repurchase and guarantee reserve balances of and as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022, respectively, which are included in Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Losses incurred related to repurchase agreements that were settled in the past three fiscal years were not material. Based on current market conditions, the Company believes that any future losses under these agreements will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The Company is also involved in certain litigation arising out of its operations in the normal course of its business, most of which is based upon state lemon laws, warranty claims and vehicle accidents (for which the Company carries insurance above a specified self-insured retention or deductible amount). The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company are subject to significant uncertainty. There is significant judgment required in assessing both the probability of an adverse outcome and the determination as to whether an exposure can be reasonably estimated. Based on current conditions, management does not believe the ultimate disposition of any current legal proceedings or claims against the Company will have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, operating results or cash flows. Litigation is, however, inherently uncertain and an adverse outcome from such litigation could have a material effect on the operating results of a particular reporting period. 
 
 A product recall was issued in late fiscal 2021 related to certain purchased parts utilized in certain of our products, and an accrual to cover anticipated costs was established at that time. Starting in fiscal 2022, the accrual has been adjusted quarterly based on developments involving the recall, including our expectations regarding the extent of vendor reimbursements and the estimated total cost of the recall. The Company has been, and will continue to be, reimbursed for a portion of the costs it will incur related to this recall. In addition, the Company recorded a contingent liability during fiscal 2022 based on developments related to an ongoing investigation by certain German-based authorities regarding the adequacy of historical disclosures of vehicle weight in advertisements and other Company-provided literature in Germany. The Company is fully cooperating with the investigation. In fiscal 2023, the Company s net adjustments related to these two matters were material. In fiscal 2022, the Company recognized of net expense as a component of selling, general and administrative expense related to these two matters. The Company does not believe there will be a material adverse impact to our future results of operations and cash flows due to these matters. 
 F-27 

16. 
 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost 
 
 Other information related to leases was as follows: 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended July 31, Supplemental Cash Flow Information 2023 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 July 31, Supplemental Balance Sheet Information 2023 2022 Operating leases: Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Finance lease right-of-use assets Finance lease liabilities Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total finance lease liabilities 
 F-28 

years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2025 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2026 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2027 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2028 For the fiscal year ending July 31, 2029 and thereafter Total future lease payments Less: amount representing interest ) ) Total reported lease liability 
 
 F-29 

17. 
 
 . As of July 31, 2023, the remaining shares available to be granted under the 2016 Equity and Incentive Plan is . Awards may be in the form of options (incentive stock options and non-statutory stock options), restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance compensation awards and stock appreciation rights. 
 
 Under the Company's program to award restricted stock units ("RSU"), the Compensation and Development Committee of the Board generally approves awards each October related to the financial performance of the most recently completed fiscal year. The awarded employee restricted stock units vest, and shares of common stock are issued, in equal installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant. In addition, concurrent with the timing of the employee awards, the Environmental, Social, Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board has awarded restricted stock units to Board members that will vest, and shares of common stock will be issued, on the first anniversary of the date of the grant. 
 
 The fair value of the employee and Board member restricted stock units is determined using the Company s stock price on the date of grant. 
 
 Under the Company's program to provide performance stock units ("PSU") awards to certain members of the Company's executive management, a portion of their equity compensation is determined based on performance related to targets set for both the Company s return on invested capital and free cash flow during a multi-year measurement period. These PSU awards are based on a sliding scale of actual performance against relevant goals within a range of fifty percent to one hundred fifty percent of the target. Performance below the fifty percent threshold results in no earned shares, while performance above the one hundred fifty percent level results in an award of shares equal to two times the amount of target shares. In deriving the number of shares earned, if any, both performance metrics are weighted equally. Following the measurement period, in accordance with actual achievement and certification of performance metrics, fully vested shares of common stock are issued to the award recipients. The fair value of the PSU awards is determined using the Company s stock price on the grant date. These awards are equity classified and expensed over the applicable measurement period based on the extent to which achievement of the performance metrics is probable. 
 
 Total stock-based expense recognized in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 for these RSU and PSU awards totaled , and , respectively. The fair value of the RSU and PSU shares that vested in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 totaled , and , respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Nonvested, end of year 
 
 At July 31, 2023 there was of total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock unit and performance stock unit awards that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 The Company recognized a tax benefit related to total stock-based compensation expense of , and in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F-30 

to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock through December 21, 2024. On June 24, 2022, the Board authorized Company management to utilize up to an additional to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock through July 31, 2025. 
 
 Under the share repurchase program, the Company is authorized to repurchase, on a discretionary basis and from time-to-time, outstanding shares of its common stock in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means. The timing and amount of share repurchases will be determined at the discretion of the Company s management team based upon the market price of the stock, management's evaluation of general market and economic conditions, cash availability and other factors. The share repurchase program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time, and the Company has no obligation to repurchase any amount of its common stock under the program. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company purchased shares of its common stock, at various times in the open market, at a weighted-average price of and held them as treasury shares at an aggregate purchase price of , all from the December 21, 2021 authorization. Since the inception of the initial December 21, 2021 authorization, the Company has repurchased shares of its common stock, at various times in the open market, at a weighted-average price of and held them as treasury shares at an aggregate purchase price of . 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, the remaining amount of the Company's common stock that may be repurchased under the December 21, 2021 authorization expiring on December 21, 2024 is . As of July 31, 2023, the remaining amount of the Company s common stock that may be repurchased under the June 24, 2022 authorization expiring on July 31, 2025 is . As of July 31, 2023, the total remaining amount of the Company s common stock that may be repurchased under these two authorizations is . 
 F-31 

18. 
 
 Fifth Wheels Total North American Towables North American Motorized Class A Class C Class B Total North American Motorized Total North American European Motorcaravan Campervan Caravan Other RV-related 
 Total European Total recreational vehicles Other Intercompany eliminations ) ) ) Total 
 F-32 

19.) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Income taxes associated with OCI before reclassifications (1) 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Income taxes associated with amounts reclassified from AOCI OCI, net of tax for the fiscal year ) ) ) AOCI, net of tax ) ) ) ) 
 2022 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Other AOCI, net of tax, Attributable to THOR Non-controlling Interests Total AOCI Balance at beginning of period, net of tax ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Income taxes associated with OCI before reclassifications (1) 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Income taxes associated with amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) OCI, net of tax for the fiscal year ) ) ) ) AOCI, net of tax ) ) ) ) 
 2021 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Other AOCI, net of tax, Attributable to THOR Non-controlling Interests Total AOCI Balance at beginning of period, net of tax ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Income taxes associated with OCI before reclassifications (1) 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI Income taxes associated with amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) OCI, net of tax for the fiscal year ) AOCI, net of tax ) ) ) 
 (1) We do not recognize deferred taxes for a majority of the foreign currency translation gains and losses because we do not anticipate reversal in the foreseeable future. 
 F-33 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 tho7312023exhibit1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.11 
 
 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is made and entered effective as of the 24th day of July, 2023, by and between Thor Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company or the Employer ), and _____ NAME _____ (the Executive ), and supersedes and replaces any prior employment agreement or employment letter between the Parties. 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS , the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has approved the Company entering into an employment agreement with the Executive 
 
 WHEREAS , the Executive is now the TITLE of the Company and thus a key senior executive of the Company 
 
 WHEREAS , the Executive is currently employed by the Company with contract this Agreement supersedes and replaces the previous contract 
 
 WHEREAS , the Company would like to enter into a formal agreement with the Executive to set forth the terms of Executive s employment and to provide for certain severance payments and other benefits upon termination of Executive s employment 
 
 WHEREAS , in exchange for the benefits granted herein, the Company would like to provide certain restrictions related to the Executive s right to solicit any employees of the Company and work for any entity which has any activities which compete with the Company, as further described below 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the recitals and the mutual agreements herein set forth, the Company and the Executive agree as follows 

ARTICLE 1 
 EMPLOYMENT, TERM AND RENEWAL 
 
 1.1 Employment. The Company hereby employs Executive and Executive accepts employment as TITLE . As its TITLE , Executive shall render such services to the Company as are customarily rendered by the TITLE of comparable companies and as required by the articles and by-laws of the Employer. Executive accepts such employment and, consistent with fiduciary standards which exist between an employer and an employee, shall perform and discharge the duties commensurate with Executive s position that may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Company. 
 
 1.2 Term and Renewal. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date first written above, and shall continue until July 31, 2024, and shall automatically renew for successive one year terms unless and until terminated consistent with the terms and conditions set forth in Article 2 of this Agreement. The first term of this Agreement and each subsequent automatic renewal shall each be considered a separate term Term ). 

1.3 Compensation and Benefits. During the Term of this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation Compensation) and benefits Benefits established annually by the Board. 
 
 Executive shall also be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement of all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in performing services hereunder, including all expenses of travel, cell phone, entertainment and living expenses while away from home on business at the request of, or in the service of, the Company, provided that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company. 
 
 The Executive shall also be entitled to participate in and be covered by all health insurance, retirement, disability insurance, and other employee plans and benefits as established or amended by the Company from time to time on the same terms as are generally applicable to other senior executives of the Company, subject to meeting applicable eligibility requirements. 

ARTICLE 2 
 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE BENEFITS 
 
 2.1 Termination by the Company for Cause. If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, then Executive shall receive only the compensation and benefits earned but not yet paid prior to Executive s termination. Executive shall receive no other compensation or benefits under this Agreement. 
 
 2.2 Termination by the Executive without Good Reason. As partial consideration for the covenants granted by Executive to the Company in Article 3 hereof, if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive without Good Reason, then the Executive shall be entitled to Executive s Accrued Benefits and vesting of Executive s incentive awards as follows (i) all unvested restricted stock unit awards shall vest in accordance with the Company s established vesting schedule, and (ii) all unvested Performance share awards shall vest at target in accordance with the Company s established vesting schedule, provided that such vesting shall apply only if Executive complies with the covenants set forth in Article 3. 
 
 2.3 Termination by the Executive due to Death or Disability. If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive s death or permanent and total disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )), then the Executive shall be entitled to Executive s Accrued Benefits and pro rata shares of any incentive awards related to the year of termination and vesting of incentive awards as follows (i) all unvested restricted stock unit awards shall vest in accordance with the Company s established vesting schedule, and (ii) all unvested Performance share awards shall vest at target in accordance with the Company s established vesting schedule. 
 
 2.4 Non-Renewal or Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason. If the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company in connection with a non-renewal or termination of this Agreement without Cause or for a reason other than Cause, death, permanent and total disability (within the meaning of Code Section 22(e)(3)), or termination by the Executive for Good Reason, then the Executive shall be entitled to the Severance Benefits as described in Section 2.5 herein as well as Executive s Accrued Benefits. 
 2 

2.5 Severance Benefits. In the event that the Executive becomes entitled to receive severance benefits, as provided in Section 2.4 or Section 2.6 herein, the Company shall pay and provide the Executive with the following Severance Benefits 
 
 (1) A series of twenty-four (24) substantially equal monthly payments made in accordance with the Company s regular monthly schedule of payments for salary, of a sum equal to two times (2x) Executive s base salary and target cash incentive compensation, less any taxes and withholding as may be necessary pursuant to law provided that, if Executive is retained by the Company as a consultant under Section 3.1, a portion of the Severance Benefits representing one times (1x) Executive s base salary that otherwise would be payable under this Section 2.5(1) shall instead be paid as provided in Section 3.1. 
 
 (2) Vesting of outstanding incentive awards as follows (i) all unvested restricted stock unit awards shall vest in full, and (ii) all unvested Performance share awards shall vest based on performance to date and pro rata estimation. 
 
 (3) To the extent the Executive and Executive s dependents elect and maintain coverage under the Company s health insurance plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ), the Company shall pay the COBRA premium payments of the Executive and Executive s dependents for a period of up to twenty-four (24) months after the date of Executive s termination of employment with the Company. 
 
 (4) Outplacement services for a period of up to twelve (12) months designed to place the Executive in a position similar to that which the Executive held with the Company. 
 
 2.6 Change in Control. In the event of a Termination without Cause by the Company or for Good Reason by the Executive within twenty-four (24) months of, and in relation to, a Change in Control as defined in Exhibit A hereto, Executive shall be entitled to (i) Executive s Accrued Benefits, and (ii) each of the benefits described in Section 2.5 for a period of two (2) years or twenty-four (24) months, as applicable, instead of any shorter period stated in Section 2.5. 
 
 2.7 Condition Precedent. As a condition to receiving Severance Benefits provided herein, within 30 days after the effective date of Termination, Executive shall execute and deliver, and not have revoked, a separation agreement and general release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (including, but not limited to, all matters relating to Executive s employment with the Company) in favor of the Company and its affiliates. The Severance Benefits shall terminate immediately upon the Executive violating any of the provisions of Article 3 of this Agreement. 
 3 

2.8 Accrued Benefits. For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Benefits shall mean any earned but unpaid compensation as well as any other amounts or benefits owing to Executive under the terms of any employee benefit plan of the Company. 
 
 2.9 Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall be deemed to exist upon any of the following events (i) the Executive s conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony (ii) the Executive s continued substance abuse or insobriety (even after application of reasonable accommodation to the extent required by the Americans With Disabilities Act or its state or local law equivalent) (iii) failure to substantially perform Executive s essential job functions (even after application of reasonable accommodation to the extent required by the Americans With Disabilities Act or its state or local law equivalent) (iv) failure of Executive to adhere to reasonable directives of the Board (v) Executive s material and willful misconduct (vi) Executive s material and willful violation of any Company policy or (v) any material breach of this Agreement by the Executive. The Board must provide 30 days written notice of its intent to terminate the Executive s employment for Cause. Prior to being terminated for Cause, the Executive shall have 30 days following the receipt of such written notice to cure any curable event that would otherwise constitute Cause. 
 
 2.10 Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, without the Executive s prior written consent (i) a material diminution of Executive s duties or responsibilities (ii) a material reduction in Executive s Compensation or Benefits (iii) a relocation of the Executive s primary place of employment to a location more than sixty (60) miles from the location at which the Executive was performing the Executive s duties immediately prior to such relocation (iv) any requirement that the Executive report to anyone other than the Chief Executive Officer 1 or (v) any material breach by the Company of this Agreement. However, none of the foregoing events or conditions will constitute Good Reason unless (x) the Executive informs the Company that Good Reason exists by delivery of written objection to the event or condition within 90 days following the occurrence thereof, (y) the Company does not reverse or cure the event or condition within 30 days of receiving that written objection, and (z) the Executive resigns Executive s employment due to such Good Reason within 30 days following the expiration of that cure period. 

ARTICLE 3 
 COVENANTS 
 
 3.1 Covenant not to Compete. Executive agrees that, during Executive s employment with the Company and for a period of two (2) years following Executive s termination of employment with the Company, Executive shall not become employed by or associated with, as employee, consultant, director, owner, or in any other equivalent capacity, any company operating as a recreational vehicle (RV) manufacturer or assembler or as a producer or distributor of RV-related parts or services. Said obligation shall apply only under the following conditions Company shall pay Executive 50 of Executive s base compensation per year (less taxes and withholding and payable in substantially equal monthly payments made in accordance with the Company s regular monthly schedule of payments for salary) for two (2) years after the termination of employment in return for retaining Executive as a consultant on an as-needed basis. Executive will be paid 200 per hour additionally, for each hour Executive actually works on any requested project. In the event Company chooses to exercise this provision, Executive agrees to refrain from any competition with Company for the entire two (2) year non-competition period. 
 
 1 For Mr. Martin, this is the Board of Directors . 
 4 

3.2 Covenant not to Solicit. 
 
 (1) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, for a period of one (1) year after the termination of employment with Company (for any reason, including resignation), Executive will not, in any capacity, attempt to hire, engage or employ, or solicit, contact or communicate with, for the purpose of hiring, employing or engaging any person who is then an employee or commissioned agent or independent contractor of Company or who was an employee or independent contractor of Company at any time within the one (1) year period immediately prior thereto. This hiring limitation applies only to (i) employees or independent contractors who had access to, or possess knowledge of, Company operations that would give a competitor an unfair advantage or (ii) employees or independent contractors whom Executive learned of solely through employment with Company or (iii) situations where Executive participates in a raiding of multiple employees from Company causing harm to Company s normal operations. 
 
 (2) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, for a period of one (1) year after the termination of employment with Company (for any reason, including resignation), Executive, on behalf of any entity in competition with Company, in any capacity, may not, directly or indirectly, in a competing capacity, solicit or obtain any business from any present customer of Company with whom Executive had contact or received information from Company. It is understood and agreed that present customer is defined to mean any entity with whom Company had an ongoing business relationship at the time of the termination of Executive s employment with Company. An ongoing business relationship (specifically excluding non-competing vendor relationships) is generally understood and agreed to mean (i) services or goods were provided by Company to the entity during the employment of Executive by Company (ii) services or goods had been contracted for or ordered by the entity during the employment of Executive by Company or (iii) negotiations were in progress between the entity and Company for the providing of goods or services by Company to the entity at the time of the termination of the employment of Executive. It is understood and agreed that past customers and prospective customers are not present customers protected under the terms of this provision. 
 
 3.3 Confidentiality and Nondisclosure. 
 
 (1) Company Trade Secret Information . Executive hereby understands and agrees that Executive will, at all times, conform Executive s conduct to the requirements of the Indiana Trade Secrets Act, I.C. 24-2-3-1, et seq. Executive will not misappropriate (e.g., use or disclose to any third party) any trade secret of Company. Executive recognizes that the penalties for a trade secret violation include disgorgement of profits, payment of royalties, compensatory damages, punitive damages, and attorneys fees. Executive understands that Executive may ask Company to render an opinion as to whether Company considers certain knowledge to be a trade secret, if such a question should arise. Executive understands that upon termination of employment with Company for any reason, Executive will continue to be prohibited at any time thereafter from misappropriating any trade secret of Company. 
 5 

(2) Confidential Proprietary Information of Company . Executive agrees that during the period of employment by Company, and for a period of two (2) years following termination of employment, for any reason, Executive will not disclose, cause to be disclosed, or otherwise allow to be disclosed, any confidential proprietary information of Company that, while not a trade secret under the Indiana Trade Secrets Act, possesses independent economic value to Company from not being generally known by other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use. Executive understands that Executive can ask Company to render an opinion as to whether Company considers certain knowledge or information to be confidential proprietary information, if such a question should arise. Company may, formally or informally, establish, adopt, implement or utilize procedures or actions that are designed to monitor or protect Company s confidential information, including but not limited to (i) the search of personal belongings (ii) monitoring and restricting email and internet usage, including but not limited to personal opinions in any matter affecting Company in blogs or other public or potentially public media (iii) review, scanning and inspection of any record, program or file contained in any mobile, electronic or computer device or equipment (whether owned by Company or Executive) which was used or could have been used by Executive at any time during Executive s employment with Company, including but not limited to home computers, laptops and any portable device capable of storing any information (iv) monitoring telephone conversations and instant messaging on any telephone owned or utilized by Executive for Company s business (v) review of telephone records for any telephone that was or could have been used by the Executive at any time during Executive s employment with Company or (vi) requiring Executive to divulge the true and complete intentions and or plans of the Executive after leaving the employment of Company, including but not limited to divulging the name and address of any future employer and the position and or responsibilities that Executive will have at the new employer. Executive hereby acknowledges that Executive has no expectation of privacy or other rights in any such items or communications and hereby irrevocably consents, without the right to receive further notice, to any or all of these procedures or actions that may be established, adopted, implemented, utilized or enforced by Company. Company shall have the right to establish, adopt, implement, utilize or enforce these procedures at any time during Executive s employment with Company and during any period in which any restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement are facially or legally applicable. Executive expressly WAIVES the right to challenge the enforceability of any of these procedures in any legal action seeking to enforce this Agreement or to recover for Executive s breach or alleged breach of this Agreement. 
 6 

Note Nothing in this confidentiality provision prohibits Executive from reporting possible violations of federal, state, or local law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation. Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures, and Executive is not required to notify the Company that Executive has made such reports or disclosures. 
 
 As provided by federal law (18 U.S.C. 1833), Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for his her disclosure of a trade secret that is made by Executive (a) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) in a complaint or other document filed by Executive in a lawsuit or other proceeding, on the condition that such filing is made under seal. 
 
 3.4 Non-Disparagement. Except as required by law or lawful authority, Executive will not at any time during Executive s employment with the Company, or after the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, directly or indirectly (i) disparage, libel, defame, or ridicule, or encourage or induce others to disparage, libel, defame, or ridicule, the Company, or any of the Company s officers, directors, employees or agents, or the Company s products, services, business plans or methods or (ii) engage in any conduct or encourage or induce any other person to engage in any conduct that is in any way injurious or potentially injurious to the reputation or interests of the Company or any of the Company s, officers, directors, employees or agents. 
 
 3.5 Restrictions Reasonable. Executive acknowledges that the restrictions under this Article 3 are substantial and may effectively prohibit Executive from working for a period of two (2) years in the field of Executive s experience and expertise. Executive further acknowledges that Executive has been given access and shall continue to be given access to all of the confidential information and trade secrets described above during the course of Executive s employment, and therefore, the restrictions are reasonable and necessary to protect the competitive business interests and goodwill of the Company and do not cause Executive undue hardship. 
 
 3.6 Survival of Restrictive Covenants. Executive s obligations under this Agreement shall survive Executive s termination of employment with the Company and the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 3.7 Equitable Relief. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Company and its goodwill would be irreparably injured by, and that damages at law are an insufficient remedy for, a breach or violation of the provisions of this Agreement, and agrees that the Company, in addition to other remedies available to it for such breach, shall be entitled to a court-ordered preliminary injunction, temporary restraining order, or other equivalent relief, restraining Executive from any actual breach of the provisions hereof, and that the Company s rights to such equitable relief shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company may be entitled. 
 7 

3.8 Indemnification. To the extent permitted by law, applicable statutes and the Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or resolutions of the Company in effect from time to time, the Company shall indemnify Executive against liability or loss arising out of Executive s actual or asserted misfeasance or nonfeasance in the performance of Executive s duties or out of any actual or asserted wrongful act against, or by, the Company including but not limited to judgments, fines, settlements and expenses incurred in the defense of actions, proceedings and appeals therefrom. The Company shall endeavor to obtain Directors and Officers Liability Insurance to indemnify and insure the Company and Executive from and against the aforesaid liabilities. 
 
 3.9 Limitation to Business Activities That Do Not Involve the Practice of Law. This paragraph only applies to an Executive who is also an attorney licensed to practice law. For such Executives, it is understood that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit Executive s right to practice law after the termination of Executive s employment with the Company. This Agreement is to be read in a manner consistent with Rule 5.6(a) of the Rules of Professional Conduct, and Executive shall be limited only as to those future activities that do not constitute the practice of law. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 4.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the Company and the Executive with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 4.2 Prior Agreement. This Agreement supersedes and replaces any prior oral or written employment or severance agreement between the Executive and the Company. 
 
 4.3 Subsidiaries. Where appropriate in this Agreement, including all of Article 2, the term Company shall also include any direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 4.4 Compliance with Code Section 409A Code Section 280G Limit. 
 
 (1) General . It is the intention of both the Company and Executive that the benefits and rights to which Executive could be entitled pursuant to this Agreement comply with Code Section 409A and its implementing regulations and guidance Section 409A ), to the extent that the requirements of Section 409A are applicable thereto, and the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with that intention. 
 
 (2) Distributions on Account of Separation from Service . If and to the extent required to comply with Section 409A, any payment or benefit required to be paid under this Agreement on account of termination of Executive s employment, service (or any other similar term) shall be made only in connection with a separation from service with respect to Executive within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 8 

(3) Six Month Delay for Specified Employees . In the event that the Executive is a specified employee (as described in Section 409A and determined in accordance with the Company s policies and procedures), and any payment or benefit payable pursuant to this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation subject to the six-month delay requirement described in Section 409A(2)(b), then no such payment or benefit shall be made before six months after the Executive s separation from service (as described in Section 409A) (or, if earlier, the date of the Executive s death). Any payment or benefit delayed by reason of the prior sentence shall be paid or provided in a single lump sum at the end of such required delay period in order to catch up to the original payment schedule. 
 
 (4) Treatment of Each Installment as a Separate Payment . For purposes of applying the provisions of Section 409A to this Agreement, each separately identified amount to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. In addition, to the extent permissible under Section 409A, any series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 
 
 (5) Code Section 280G Limit . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit Executive would receive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Code Section 280G, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999, then such Payment shall be either (A) provided to Executive in full, or (B) reduced (starting with the cash portion(s) of the Payment) to the greatest amount which would result in no portion of such Payment being subject to the Code Section 4999 excise tax Excise Tax ), then further reduced by 5,000, whichever of the foregoing amounts determined under (A) and (B), when taking into account applicable federal, state, local and foreign income and employment taxes, the E xcise Tax, and any other applicable taxes, results in the receipt by Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be subject to the Excise Tax. All determinations required to be made under this Section 4.4(5) shall be made by a public accounting firm selected by the Company. In the event that the Payment is to be reduced pursuant to this Section 4.4(5), the Payment shall be reduced in a manner that minimizes the compensation reduction. In applying this principle, the reduction shall be made in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A and, where two economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction but payable at different times, such amounts shall be reduced on a pro rata basis but not below zero . 
 
 4.5 Severability. It is mutually agreed and understood by the parties that should any of the restrictions and covenants contained in Article 3 be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid by virtue of being vague, overly broad, unreasonable as to time, territory or otherwise, then the Agreement shall be amended retroactive to the date of its execution to include the terms and conditions which such court deems to be reasonable and in conformity with the original intent of the parties and the parties hereto consent that under such circumstances, such court shall have the power and authority to determine what is reasonable and in conformity with the original intent of the parties to the extent that such restrictions and covenants are enforceable. In the event any other provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Agreement, and the Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 9 

4.6 Modification. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company on the Company s behalf, or by the respective parties legal representatives and successors. 
 
 4.7 Dispute Resolution & Applicable Law. All disputes regarding this Agreement shall be resolved by binding arbitration to be administered by the American Arbitration Association and conducted in Elkhart County, Indiana. To the extent not preempted by the laws of the United States, the terms and provisions of this Agreement are governed by and shall be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of Indiana, without giving effect to any choice of law principles. 
 
 4.8 Legal Fees and Expenses. The non-breaching party in any arbitration or litigation to enforce the terms of this Agreement shall be entitled to recover reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, from the breaching party. 
 
 4.9 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company s successors and or assigns. The Company will require any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession or assignment had taken place. Any failure of the Company to obtain such agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession or assignment shall be a material breach of this Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s personal and legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If the Executive should die while any amounts are still payable to Executive hereunder, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the Executive s devisee, legatee, or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to the Executive s estate. 
 
 4.10 Headings References. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning thereof. 
 
 4.11 Notices. Any notice, request, instruction, or other document to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) on the day of receipt, if sent by overnight courier (ii) upon receipt, if given in person or by electronic means or (iii) five days after being deposited in the mail, certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, and in any case addressed as follows 
 10 

If to the Company 
 Thor Industries, Inc. 
 601 East Beardsley Avenue 
 Elkhart, Indiana 46514 
 Attn General Counsel 
 
 with copy sent to the attention of the Chairman of the Board of Directors at the same address 
 
 If to the Executive 
 NAME 
 ADDRESS 
 
 or to such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 
 11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement on this 24th day of July, 2023. 
 
 THOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By Andrew Graves, Chairman of the Board 

EXECUTIVE 

NAME 
 12 

EXHIBIT A 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL 

CHANGE IN CONTROL shall mean 
 (a) The direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act (a Person )) that is not a subsidiary of the Company or 
 
 (b) The Incumbent Directors (defined below) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board or 
 
 (c) The date which is 10 business days prior to the consummation of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or 
 
 (d) The acquisition by any Person of Beneficial Ownership (defined below) of 50 or more (on a fully diluted basis) of either (A) the then outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, taking into account as outstanding for this purpose such Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants, the conversion of convertible stock or debt, and the exercise of any similar right to acquire such Common Stock (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (B) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this Agreement, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control (i) any acquisition by the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Company or any subsidiary, (iii) any acquisition which complies with clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of subsection (e) of this definition, or (iv) in respect of an equity award held by a particular participant, any acquisition by the participant or any group of persons including the participant (or any entity controlled by the participant or any group of persons including the participant) or 
 
 (e) The consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company that requires the approval of the Company s stockholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction (a Business Combination ), unless immediately following such Business Combination (i) more than 50 of the total voting power of (x) the entity resulting from such Business Combination (the Surviving Company ), or (y) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of sufficient voting securities eligible to elect a majority of the members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing body) of the Surviving Company (the Parent Company ), is represented by the Outstanding Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which the Outstanding Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Business Combination), and such voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion as the voting power of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities among the holders thereof immediately prior to the Business Combination, (ii) no Person (other than any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Surviving Company or the Parent Company) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50 or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect members of the board of directors of the Parent Company (or the analogous governing body) (or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company) and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors 

(or the analogous governing body) of the Parent Company (or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company) following the consummation of the Business Combination were Board members at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Business Combination. 
 
 The foregoing definition of Change of Control shall be interpreted, administered and construed in a manner necessary to ensure that the occurrence of any such event shall result in a Change in Control only if the event qualifies as a change in ownership or effective control of a corporation, or a change in ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation, as applicable within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A- 3(i)(5). 
 
 For purposes of this Exhibit A, the following definitions shall apply 
 
 BENEFICIAL OWNER has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), such person shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire by conversion or exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only after the passage of time. The terms Beneficially Owns and Beneficially Owned have a corresponding meaning. 
 
 EXCHANGE ACT means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 INCUMBENT DIRECTORS means individuals who, on the date of this Agreement, constitute the Board, provided that any individual becoming a member of the Board (a Director subsequent to the date of this Agreement whose election or nomination for election to the Board was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for Director without objection to such nomination) shall be an Incumbent Director. No individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to Directors or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of any person other than the Board shall be an Incumbent Director. 

14 

EXHIBIT B 
 FORM OF RELEASE 

GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 
 1. ________________________( Executive ), for Executive and Executive s family, heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives and their respective successors and assigns, in exchange for the Severance Benefits, as defined under the Executive Employment Agreement made and entered effective as of the ___ day of _________, 202__, by and between Thor Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and ________________________ (the Executive ), to which this release is attached as Exhibit B (the Employment Agreement ), does hereby release and forever discharge the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliated companies, successors and assigns, and its current or former directors, officers and shareholders in such capacities (collectively with the Company, the Released Parties from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, controversies, claims and demands whatsoever, for or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, whether known or unknown including, but not limited to, all claims under any applicable laws arising under or in connection with Executive s employment or termination thereof, whether for tort, breach of express or implied employment contract, wrongful discharge, intentional infliction of emotional distress, or defamation or injuries incurred on the job or incurred as a result of loss of employment. Executive acknowledges that the Company encouraged Executive to consult with an attorney of Executive s choosing, and through this General Release of Claims encourages Executive to consult with Executive s attorney with respect to possible claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA and that Executive understands that the ADEA is a Federal statute that, among other things, prohibits discrimination on the basis of age in employment and employee benefits and benefit plans. Without limiting the generality of the release provided above, Executive expressly waives any and all claims under ADEA that Executive may have as of the date hereof. Executive further understands that, by signing and not revoking this General Release of Claims, Executive is in fact waiving, releasing and forever giving up any claim under the ADEA as well as all other laws within the scope of this paragraph 1 that may have existed on or prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 1 to the contrary, this General Release of Claims shall not apply to (i) any rights to receive any payments or benefits to which Executive is entitled under COBRA, the Employment Agreement or any other compensation or employee benefit plans in which Executive is eligible to participate at the time of execution of this General Release of Claims, (ii) any rights or claims that may arise as a result of events occurring after the date this General Release of Claims is executed, any indemnification and advancement rights Executive may have as a former employee, officer or director of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies including, without limitation, any rights arising pursuant to the articles of incorporation, bylaws and any other organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) any claims for benefits under any directors and officers liability policy maintained by the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies in accordance with the terms of such policy, and (iv) any rights as a holder of equity securities of the Company (clauses (i) through (iv), the Reserved Claims ). 
 
 2. Executive represents that Executive has not filed against any of the Released Parties any complaints, charges, or lawsuits arising out of Executive s employment, or any other matter arising on or prior to the date of this General Release of Claims other than Reserved Claims, and covenants and agrees that Executive will never individually or with any person file, or commence the filing of, any lawsuits, complaints or proceedings with any governmental agency, or against the Released Parties with respect to any of the matters released by Executive pursuant to paragraph 1 hereof (a Proceeding provided , however , Executive shall not have relinquished Executive s right to (i) commence a Proceeding to 

challenge whether Executive knowingly and voluntarily waived Executive s rights under the ADEA (ii) file a charge with an administrative agency or take part in any agency investigation or (iii) commence a Proceeding pursuant to the Reserved Claims. Executive does agree, however, that Executive is waiving Executive s right to recover any money in connection with such an investigation or charge filed by Executive or by any other individual, or a charge filed by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any other federal, state or local agency, except as prohibited by law. 
 
 3. Executive hereby acknowledges that the Company has informed Executive that Executive has up to twenty-one (21) days to sign this General Release of Claims and Executive may knowingly and voluntarily waive that twenty-one (21) day period by signing this General Release of Claims earlier. Executive also understands that Executive shall have seven (7) days following the date on which Executive signs this General Release of Claims within which to revoke it by providing a written notice of Executive s revocation to the Company. If requested, Executive agrees to sign a similar release at the conclusion of all payments by the Company to which Executive is entitled. 
 
 4. Executive acknowledges that this General Release of Claims will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the laws of Indiana, without giving effect to any choice of law principles. 
 
 5. Executive acknowledges that Executive has read this General Release of Claims, that Executive has been advised that Executive should consult with an attorney before Executive executes this General Release of Claims, and that Executive understands all of its terms and executes this General Release of Claims voluntarily and with full knowledge of its significance and the consequences thereof. 
 
 6. This General Release of Claims shall take effect on the eighth day following Executive s execution of this General Release of Claims unless Executive s written revocation is delivered to the Company within seven (7) days after such execution. 

EXECUTIVE 

2 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 tho7312023exhibit1013.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 

Execution Version 

 AMENDMENT NO. 2 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement 

AMENDMENT NO. 2, dated as of May 9, 2023 (this Amendment ), to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of February 1, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2021, and as further amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement among THOR INDUSTRIES INC., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the Borrower ), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and the other parties thereto. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, existing loans, commitments and or other extensions of credit under the Existing Credit Agreement denominated in Dollars incur or are permitted to incur interest, fees or other amounts based on the LIBO Rate in accordance with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date 
 
 WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have elected to trigger an Early Opt-In Election and pursuant to Section 2.16(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent has determined in accordance with the Existing Credit Agreement that LIBOR should be replaced with the applicable Benchmark Replacement for all purposes under the Existing Credit Agreement and any Loan Document and such changes shall become effective at and after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the sixth (6 th Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders (such time, the Objection Deadline ), written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows 

Section 1. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Amended Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 1 

Section 2. Amendments . (a) Effective as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (defined below), the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in accordance with Exhibit A hereto by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text )) and inserting the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text ), in each case in place where such text appears therein. 
 
 (b) Effective as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, Exhibit C (Form of Borrowing Request) to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be replaced by the Form of Borrowing Request attached as Exhibit B hereto. 
 
 (c) Effective as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, Exhibit D (Form of Interest Election Request) to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be replaced by the Interest Election Request attached as Exhibit C hereto. 
 
 Section 3. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date that 
 
 (a) Each Loan Party has the corporate or similar organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Amendment and, in the case of the Borrower, to obtain extensions of credit hereunder. Each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or similar organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and, in the case of the Borrower, to authorize the extensions of credit on the terms and conditions of the Amendment. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party party thereto. This Amendment constitutes, and each other Loan Document upon execution will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 
 
 (b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member, except for violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation. 
 
 (c) Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to this Amendment and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if qualified by materiality) on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been so true and correct as of such earlier date. 
 
 (d) At the time and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of the borrowings hereunder on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 2 

Section 4. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied 
 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Administrative Agent and each of the Loan Parties. 
 
 (b) All reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses due to the Administrative Agent (including pursuant to Section 10 hereof) shall have been paid (or the Borrower shall have made arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for such payments. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent has not received, by the Objection Deadline, written notice of objection to such applicable Benchmark Replacement or the amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement as provided herein from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 
 Section 5. Term SOFR Transition . 
 
 (a) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the existing Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date denominated in Dollars and bearing interest at the LIBO Rate Existing LIBOR Loans shall, after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, continue as a Eurocurrency Loan (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) and interest thereon shall continue to be calculated in a manner consistent with the interest calculated thereon prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date until the end of the Interest Period currently in effect and applicable to such Existing LIBOR Loans provided, that prior to the end of the Interest Period currently in effect and applicable to such Existing LIBOR Loans, the applicable Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a conversion request pursuant to Section 2.12 of the Amended Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) requesting a conversion of such Existing LIBOR Loans to Term Benchmark Borrowing (bearing interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate) or ABR Loans, and failing delivery of such timely notice of such conversion shall be deemed to have selected a conversion of such Existing LIBOR Loans into Term Benchmark Borrowing bearing interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate with an Interest Period of one month. 
 
 Section 6. Acknowledgments . 
 
 Each Loan Party hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Amendment and reaffirms and confirms, as of the date hereof, (i) the covenants and agreements contained in each Loan Document to which it is a party, including, in each case, such covenants and agreements as in effect immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby and that on and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date each Loan Document remains in full force and effect, (ii) its guarantee of the Obligations (including, without limitation, the Revolving Loans) pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement and that that on and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date its guarantee will extend to the Obligations as amended by this Amendment, and (iii) its grant of Liens on the Collateral to secure the Obligations (including, without limitation, the Obligations with respect to the Revolving Loans) pursuant to the Security Documents and that 
 3 

on and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date the Liens will continue to secure the Obligations as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any Obligations. 
 
 Section 7. Liens Unimpaired. After giving effect to this Amendment, neither the modification of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document effected pursuant to this Amendment nor the execution, delivery, performance or effectiveness of this Amendment 
 
 (a) impairs the validity, effectiveness or priority of the Liens granted pursuant to any Loan Document, and such Liens continue unimpaired with the same priority to secure repayment of all Obligations, whether heretofore or hereafter incurred or 
 
 (b) requires that any new filings be made or other action taken to perfect or to maintain the perfection of such Liens. 
 
 Section 8. Entire Agreement. This Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and verbal, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of any party under, the Amended Credit Agreement, nor alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Amended Credit Agreement, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. It is understood and agreed that on and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, each reference in each Loan Document to the Credit Agreement, whether direct or indirect, shall hereafter be deemed to be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment and that this Amendment is a Loan Document for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 9. Amendment, Modification and Waiver. This Amendment may not be amended, modified or waived except pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 Section 10. Expenses. The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with this Amendment, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, pursuant to the terms of Section 10.5 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 Section 11. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single instrument. Section 10.8(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Amendment and shall apply hereto. 
 
 Section 12. Governing Law and Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER 
 4 

THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SECTIONS 10.12 AND 10.16 OF THE AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS AMENDMENT AND SHALL APPLY HERETO . 
 
 Section 13. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 
 Section 14. Effect of Amendment . Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Amended Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. 

Signature Pages to Follow 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 THOR INDUSTRIES INC. 
 
 By s Colleen Zuhl 
 Name Colleen Zuhl 
 Title Senior Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 
 AIRSTREAM, INC. 
 CRUISER RV, LLC 
 DRV, LLC. 
 HEARTLAND RECREATIONAL VEHICLES, LLC 
 K.Z., INC. 
 KEYSTONE RV COMPANY 
 KZIN, LLC 
 KZRV, L.P. 
 MOTORIZED REAL ESTATE, LLC 
 POSTLE OPERATING, LLC 
 TEMPLE OPERATING, LLC 
 THOR LIVIN LITE, INC. 
 THOR MOTOR COACH, INC. 
 THOR TECH, INC. 
 THOR WAKARUSA LLC 
 TOWABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 2700 REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS, LLC 

By s Colleen Zuhl 
 Name Colleen Zuhl 
 Title Treasurer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to TL Credit Agreement 
 6 

JAYCO, INC. 
 TIFFIN MOTOR HOMES, INC. 
 VLRV, LLC 

By s Colleen Zuhl 
 Name Colleen Zuhl 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to TL Credit Agreement 
 7 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as 
 Administrative Agent 
 
 By s John Morrone 
 Name John Morrone 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to TL Credit Agreement 
 8 

Exhibit A 
 to Amendment No. 2 to TL Credit Agreement 

Amended Credit Agreement 
 
 See Attached 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to TL Credit Agreement 
 9 

Execution Version 

_____________________________________________________________________________________ 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 among 
 
 THOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
 as Borrower, 
 
 The Several Lenders from Time to Time Parties Hereto, 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 
 as Administrative Agent 
 
 Dated as of February 1, 2019, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 25, 2021 and as amended by Amendment No. 2 dated as of May 9, 2023. 

_________________________________ 
 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Syndication Agent 
 
 BANK OF MONTREAL, U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agents, and 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP., 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

_____________________________________________________________________________________ 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. 1 
 1.1 Defined Terms 1 
 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions 49 48 
 1.3 Conversion of Foreign Currencies 49 
 1.4 Interest Rates LIBOR Notification 50 49 
 1.5 Compliance with Anti-Boycott Laws 51 50 
 SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 51 50 
 2.1 Commitments 51 50 
 2.2 Procedure for Term Loan Borrowing 51 50 
 2.3 Repayment of Term Loans 51 
 2.4 Reserved 52 51 
 2.5 Reserved 52 51 
 2.6 Reserved 52 51 
 2.7 Reserved 52 51 
 2.8 Fees, etc. 52 51 
 2.9 Reserved 52 51 
 2.10 Optional Prepayments 52 51 
 2.11 Mandatory Prepayments and Commitment Reductions 53 52 
 2.12 Conversion and Continuation Options 54 
 2.13 Limitations on Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Tranches 55 54 
 2.14 Interest Rates and Payment Dates 55 54 
 2.15 Computation of Interest and Fees 56 55 
 2.16 Inability to Determine Interest Rate 56 55 
 2.17 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 58 57 
 2.18 Requirements of Law 59 
 2.19 Taxes 61 60 
 2.20 Indemnity 64 
 2.21 Change of Lending Office 65 64 
 2.22 Replacement of Lenders 65 64 
 2.23 Reserved 65 
 2.24 Incremental Facilities 65 
 2.25 Loan Purchases 67 
 2.26 Loan Modification Offers 68 
 2.27 Refinancing Facilities 69 
 SECTION 3. RESERVED 71 70 
 SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 71 70 
 4.1 Financial Condition 71 
 4.2 No Change 72 
 4.3 Existence Compliance with Law 72 
 4.4 Power Authorization Enforceable Obligations 72 
 4.5 No Legal Bar 73 72 
 
 i 

4.6 Litigation 73 
 4.7 No Default 73 
 4.8 Ownership of Property Liens 73 
 4.9 Intellectual Property 73 
 4.10 Taxes 73 
 4.11 Federal Regulations 74 73 
 4.12 Labor Matters 74 
 4.13 ERISA 74 
 4.14 Investment Company Act Other Regulations 75 
 4.15 Subsidiaries Capital Stock 75 
 4.16 Use of Proceeds 75 
 4.17 Environmental Matters 75 
 4.18 Accuracy of Information, etc 76 
 4.19 Security Documents 76 
 4.20 Solvency 77 
 4.21 Senior Indebtedness 77 
 4.22 Flood Laws 77 
 4.23 Certain Documents 77 
 4.24 Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions 77 
 4.25 EEA Financial Institutions 78 77 
 4.26 Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions 78 77 
 SECTION 5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 78 
 5.1 Conditions to Initial Extension of Credit 78 
 5.2 Conditions to Each Extension of Credit 82 
 SECTION 6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 83 82 
 6.1 Financial Statements 83 82 
 6.2 Certificates Other Information 84 
 6.3 Payment of Obligations 85 
 6.4 Maintenance of Existence Compliance 85 
 6.5 Maintenance of Property Insurance 85 
 6.6 Inspection of Property Books and Records Discussions 86 85 
 6.7 Notices 86 
 6.8 Environmental Laws 86 85 
 6.9 Additional Loan Parties 87 
 6.10 Additional Collateral, etc 87 
 6.11 Designation of Subsidiaries 88 
 6.12 Maintenance of Ratings 89 
 6.13 Post-Closing Covenants 89 
 6.14 Control Agreements 89 
 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 89 
 7.1 Reserved 89 
 7.2 Indebtedness 89 
 7.3 Liens 93 
 7.4 Fundamental Changes 96 
 
 ii 

7.5 Disposition of Property 97 
 7.6 Restricted Payments 99 98 
 7.7 Investments 100 
 7.8 Optional Payments and Modifications of Certain Debt Instruments 103 
 7.9 Transactions with Affiliates 104 
 7.10 Sales and Leasebacks 104 
 7.11 Swap Agreements 105 
 7.12 Changes in Fiscal Periods 105 
 7.13 Negative Pledge Clauses 105 
 7.14 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions 106 105 
 7.15 Lines of Business 106 
 7.16 Amendments to Acquisition Documents 106 
 7.17 Use of Proceeds 106 
 7.18 Repayment 106 
 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 107 106 
 SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 109 
 9.1 Appointment 109 
 9.2 Delegation of Duties 110 109 
 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions 110 
 9.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent 110 
 9.5 Notice of Default 110 
 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 111 110 
 9.7 Indemnification 111 
 9.8 Agent in Its Individual Capacity 111 
 9.9 Successor Administrative Agent 112 111 
 9.10 Arranger, Syndication Agent and Documentation Agents 112 
 9.11 Credit Bidding 112 
 9.12 Certain ERISA Matters 113 
 9.13 Flood Laws 114 
 9.14 Release from any Restrictions on Representing Several Persons and Self-Dealing 114 
 9.15 Acknowledgements of Lenders 114 
 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 115 
 10.1 Amendments and Waivers 115 
 10.2 Notices 117 
 10.3 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies 118 
 10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties 118 
 10.5 Payment of Expenses and Taxes 118 
 10.6 Successors and Assigns Participations and Assignments 120 119 
 10.7 Adjustments Set-off 124 
 10.8 Counterparts 125 124 
 10.9 Severability 125 124 
 10.10 Integration 125 124 
 10.11 GOVERNING LAW 125 124 
 10.12 Submission To Jurisdiction Waivers 125 124 
 iii 

10.13 Acknowledgements 127 126 
 10.14 Releases of Guarantees and Liens 127 
 10.15 Confidentiality 128 127 
 10.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 129 128 
 10.17 USA Patriot Act 129 
 10.18 Intercreditor Agreement 129 
 10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 129 
 iv 

SCHEDULES 
 
 1.1A Initial Term Commitments 
 1.1B Mortgaged Property 
 1.1C Consolidated EBITDA 
 4.1(d) Contingent Liabilities 
 4.4(b) Consents Authorizations 
 4.13 Pension Plans 
 4.15 Subsidiaries Capital Stock 
 4.19(a) Filing Jurisdictions 
 7.2(e) Existing Indebtedness 
 7.3(f) Existing Liens 
 7.5(l) Scheduled Dispositions 
 7.7(k) Existing Investments 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 A Form of Guarantee Agreement 
 B Form of Security Agreement 
 C Form of Borrowing Request 
 D Form of Interest Election Request 
 E Form of Compliance Certificate 
 F Form of Closing Certificate 
 G Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 H Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 I-1 Form of Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice 
 I-2 Form of New Lender Supplement 
 J Auction Procedures 
 K Form of Intercreditor Agreement 
 L Form of Solvency Certificate 
 
 v 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of February 1, 2019, among Thor Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the Lenders ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 The parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 
 1.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.1. 
 ABL Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent under the ABL Loan Documents, and its successors and assigns. 
 ABL Commitments means the Commitments as defined in the ABL Credit 
 Agreement. 
 ABL Credit Agreement means the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the lenders and agents party thereto and the ABL Administrative Agent. 
 ABL Loan Documents means collectively (a) the ABL Credit Agreement, (b) the ABL Security Documents, (c) the Intercreditor Agreement, (d) any promissory note evidencing loans under the ABL Credit Agreement and (e) any amendment, waiver, supplement or other modification to any of the documents described in clauses (a) through (d). 
 ABL Loans means loans outstanding under the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 ABL Obligations Payment Date has the meaning set forth in the Intercreditor 
 Agreement. 
 ABL Priority Collateral has the meaning set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 ABL Representative has the meaning set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 ABL Security Documents means the collective reference to the Security Documents (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement), the Mortgages (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) and all other security documents delivered to the ABL Administrative Agent granting a Lien on any property of any Person to secure the obligations and liabilities of any Loan Party under any ABL Loan Document. 
 ABR means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period on as published by two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 , provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the Interpolated Rate) Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m. London 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the SOFR Reference Rate methodolog y . Any change in the ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate shall be 
 1 

effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the ABR is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.16 hereof, then the ABR shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the ABR as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 ABR Loans means Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the ABR. 
 Accepting Lenders has the meaning set forth in Section 2.26(a). 
 Acquisition means the acquisition by the Borrower, directly or indirectly, of 100 of the Capital Stock of the Target. 
 Acquisition Agreement means the Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2018, among Gertraud Hymer, Carolin Hachenberg, Christian Hymer, as sellers (collectively, the Sellers ), Tyr Holdings LLC & Co. KG, as buyer, and the Borrower. 
 Acquisition Documentation means collectively, (i) the Acquisition Agreement and all schedules, exhibits and annexes thereto and (ii) all side letters and agreements affecting the terms thereof that are material to the interests of the Lenders. 
 Acquisition Signing Date means September 18, 2018. 
 Additional Permitted Amount has the meaning set forth in the definition of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor , such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 16 of 1 equal to (a) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, the LIBO Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by the Statutory Reserve Rate and (b) in the case of Loans denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate. , plus (b) a spread adjustment in the amount of (i) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Interest Period of one-month s duration, (ii) 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Interest Period of three-month s duration or (iii) 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-month s duration provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders hereunder. References to the Administrative Agent shall include J.P. Morgan Europe Limited (including but not limited to administrative matters pertaining to the Initial Euro Term Loans and the Term B-1 Euro Loans) and any other branch or affiliate of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. designated by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in accordance with this Agreement for the purpose of performing its obligations in such capacity. 
 Affiliate means as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this 
 2 

definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 10 or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise. 
 Agents means the collective reference to the Administrative Agent and any other agent identified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 Aggregate Exposure means with respect to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the aggregate then unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Loans. 
 Aggregate Exposure Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Lender s Aggregate Exposure at such time to the Aggregate Exposure of all Lenders at such time. 
 Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 Alternate Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Te rm S OFR Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the Interpolated Rate) Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m. London 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the SOFR Reference Rate methodology) . Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.16 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.16(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Amendment No. 1 means Amendment No. 1 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means March 25, 2021, the date on which all conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 of Amendment No. 1 are satisfied. 
 Amendment No. 2 means Amendment No. 2 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date. 
 Amendment No. 2 Effective Date means May 9, 2023, the date on which all conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 of Amendment No. 2 are satisfied. 
 Ancillary Document has the meaning set forth in Section 10.8(b). 
 Anti-Boycott-Provisions has the meaning set forth in Section 1.5. 
 3 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which the Borrower or its Subsidiaries is located or doing business that relate to money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering, or any financial record keeping and reporting requirements related thereto. 
 Applicable Margin means (x) prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, (a) with respect to Initial USD Term Loans constituting ABR Loans, 2.75 per annum, (b) with respect to Initial USD Term Loans constituting Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, 3.75 per annum and (c) with respect to Initial Euro Term Loans constituting Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, 4.00 per annum and (y) from and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, (a) with respect to Term B-1 USD Loans constituting ABR Loans, 2.00 per annum, (b) with respect to Term B-1 USD Loans constituting Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, 3.00 per annum and (c) with respect to Term B-1 Euro Loans constituting Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, 3.00 per annum. 
 (b) for Incremental Term Loans, such per annum rates as shall be agreed to by the Borrower and the applicable Incremental Term Lenders as shown in the applicable Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice. 
 Applicable Reference Period means as at any date of determination, the most recently ended Reference Period for which financial statements with respect to each fiscal quarter included in such Reference Period have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a) or 6.1(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, the Reference Period ended October 31, 2018). 
 Approved Fund has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(b). 
 Arranger means each Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner identified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 Asset Sale means any Disposition of property or series of related Dispositions of property (excluding any such Disposition permitted by clause (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), (l), (m) or (p) of Section 7.5) that yields gross proceeds to any Group Member (valued at the initial principal amount thereof in the case of non-cash proceeds consisting of notes or other debt securities and valued at fair market value in the case of other non-cash proceeds) in excess of 35,000,000, individually, or 50,000,000, in the aggregate for each fiscal year of the Borrower. 
 Assignee has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(b). 
 Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption, substantially in the form of Exhibit G, or such other form as the Administrative Agent may approve. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means in respect of any sale and leaseback transaction, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at the implied interest rate in such transaction compounded annually) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such sale and leaseback transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). 
 Auction Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 2.25. 
 4 

Auction Notice means an auction notice given by the Borrower in accordance with the Auction Procedures with respect to an Auction Purchase Offer. 
 Auction Procedures means the auction procedures with respect to Auction Purchase Offers set forth in Exhibit I hereto. 
 Auction Purchase Offer means an offer by the Borrower to purchase Term Loans of one or more Facilities pursuant to modified Dutch auctions conducted in accordance with the Auction Procedures and otherwise in accordance with Section 2.25. 
 Available Amount means at any time, the excess if any, of 
 (a) the sum (without duplication) of 
 (i) 112,500,000, 
 (ii) an amount equal to 50 of Cumulative Consolidated Net 
 Income 
 (iii) the Net Cash Proceeds (Not Otherwise Applied) received after the Closing Date and on or prior to such date from any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock by the Borrower (other than any such issuance to a Group Member) 
 (iv) the Net Cash Proceeds of Indebtedness and Disqualified Capital Stock of the Borrower, in each case incurred or issued after the Closing Date, which have been exchanged or converted into Qualified Capital Stock 
 (v) the Net Cash Proceeds of Dispositions of Investments made using the Available Amount on or after the Closing Date provided that such Net Cash Proceeds added pursuant to this clause (v) shall be no greater than the portion of the Available Amount used to make such Investment 
 (vi) to the extent not already included in Consolidated Net Income, returns, profits, distributions and similar amounts received in cash or Cash Equivalents on Investments made using the Available Amount on or after the Closing Date provided that such Net Cash Proceeds added pursuant to this clause (vi) shall be no greater than the portion of the Available Amount used to make such Investment 
 (vii) the Investments made on or after the Closing Date using the Available Amount of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or that has been merged, consolidated, amalgamated or Divided into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or the fair market value of the assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary purchased with Investments made on or after the Closing Date using the Available Amount that have been transferred (other than for value) to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (viii) the Net Cash Proceeds of Dispositions of Unrestricted Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures in an amount not to exceed the portion of the Available Amount used to make Investments therein 
 (ix) the aggregate amount received after the Closing Date by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in cash from any dividend or other distribution by a Joint Venture 
 5 

(except to the extent increasing Consolidated Net Income) provided that such amounts received from a Joint Venture and added pursuant to this clause (ix) shall be no greater than the portion of the Available Amount used to make the Investment in such Joint Venture and 
 (x) the aggregate amount of the Declined Amounts (calculated from 
 the Closing Date) minus 
 (b) the sum of all Restricted Payments made on or after the Closing Date and prior to such time in reliance on Section 7.6(g), plus all Investments made on or after the Closing Date, prior to such time in reliance on Section 7.7(r), plus all Restricted Debt Payments made on after the Closing Date and prior to such time in reliance on Section 7.8(a)(v), in each case utilizing the Available Amount or portions thereof in effect on the date of any such Restricted Payment, Investment or Restricted Debt Payment. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or component thereof or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) , as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, fo r dete rminign any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (f) of Section 2.16. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.). Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject 
 of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided, further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States (or any other applicable jurisdiction) or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 
 Bankruptcy Plan means a reorganization or plan of liquidation pursuant to any Debtor Relief Laws. 
 Basel III means 
 
 6 

(a) the agreements on capital requirements, a leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in Basel III A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems , Basel III International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring and Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated 
 (b) the rules for global systemically important banks contained in Global systemically important banks assessment methodology and the additional loss absorbency requirement Rules text published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011, as amended, supplemented or restated and 
 (c) any further guidance or standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision relating to Basel III . 
 Benchmark means, initially, LIBO (a) Daily Simple SOFR or (b) with respect to a Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such currency provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBO th e Term S OFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of Section 2.16. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first relevant alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (1) the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 2 1 in the sum of (a) case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 3 2 the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 provided that , in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) , or (2 or (3 above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the 
 7 

purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first relevant alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
 (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its good faith and reasonable discretion. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Loan , any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the defini tion of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this 
 8 

Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means , with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date of the public on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication of information referenced therein or in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date 
 (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.16(c) or 
 (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means , with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) in each case, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
 9 

will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer , or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means , with respect to any Ben chmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.16 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.16. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Base Incremental Amount means as of any date, an amount equal to (a) 650,000,000 less (b) the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Term Loans established prior to such date in reliance on the Base Incremental Amount, less (c) the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Equivalent Debt established prior to such date in reliance on the Base Incremental Amount. 
 Benefitted Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 10.7(a). 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 
 Borrower has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 Borrowing means Term Loans of the same Type and made to the Borrower, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 Borrowing Date means any Business Day specified by the Borrower as a date on which the Borrower requests the relevant Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 
 10 

Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.2, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Business has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17(b). 
 Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to close, provided , that (i) with respect to notices and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on, Loans having an interest rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, such day is also a day for trading by and between banks in Dollar and Euro deposits in the interbank eurodollar market i n relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and (ii) with respect to any transaction in Euros (including notices with respect thereto), such date is also a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shares platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007 (TARGET 2) is open. 
 Capital Expenditures means for any period, with respect to any Person, the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the acquisition or leasing (pursuant to a capital lease) of fixed or capital assets or additions to equipment (including replacements, capitalized repairs and improvements during such period) that is required to be capitalized under GAAP on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Capital Lease Obligations means as to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations at any time shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such time determined in accordance with GAAP provided further that all leases of any Person that were or would have been characterized as operating leases in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to July 31, 2018 (whether or not such operating leases were in effect on such date) shall be accounted for as operating leases (and not as capital leases) for purposes of this Agreement if any change in GAAP following such date would otherwise require such leases to be re-characterized as capital leases. 
 Capital Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation) and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing. 
 Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within two years from the date of acquisition (b) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits or overnight bank deposits having maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition issued by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof having combined capital and surplus of not less than 250,000,000 (c) commercial paper of an issuer rated at least A-2 by Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC S&P or P-2 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s ), or carrying an equivalent rating by a nationally recognized rating agency, if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of commercial paper issuers generally, and maturing 
 11 

within nine months from the date of acquisition (d) repurchase obligations of any Lender or of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition, having a term of not more than 30 days, with respect to securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government (e) securities with maturities of two years or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at least A by S&P or A by Moody s (f) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition (g) money market mutual or similar funds that invest exclusively in assets satisfying the requirements of clauses (a) through (f) of this definition (h) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 5,000,000,000 or (i) in the case of Investments by a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary, Investments of comparable tenor and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (h) customarily utilized in countries in which such Foreign Subsidiary operates for short-term cash management purposes. 
 CFC means each Person that is a controlled foreign corporation for purposes of the 
 Code. 
 CFC Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is (a) a CFC, (b) a Domestic Subsidiary (including any Person classified as a partnership or disregarded entity, in each case for US federal income tax purposes owned by such Domestic Subsidiary) substantially all of the assets of which consist of Capital Stock or Indebtedness of one or more CFCs, or (c) owned directly or indirectly by a CFC (including any Person classified as a partnership or disregarded entity, in each case for US federal income tax purposes owned by such CFC). 
 Change of Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC thereunder) of Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than the acquisition by the Sellers in connection with the Equity Contribution) representing more than 35 of either the aggregate ordinary voting power or the aggregate equity value represented by the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the Borrower (b) persons who were (i) directors of the Borrower on the Closing Date, (ii) nominated by the board of directors of the Borrower or (iii) appointed by directors who were directors of the Borrower on the Closing Date or were nominated or approved as provided in clause (ii) above ceasing to occupy a majority of the seats (excluding vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower or (c) the occurrence of any change in control (or similar event, however denominated) with respect to the Borrower under and as defined in any indenture or other agreement or instrument evidencing or governing the rights of the holders of any Material Indebtedness (other than Continuing External Debt) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Closing Date means the date on which the conditions precedent to the effectiveness set forth in Section 5.1 are satisfied, which date was February 1, 2019. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 12 

Collateral means all property of the Loan Parties, now owned or hereafter acquired, upon which a Lien is purported to be created by any Security Document. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the Initial USD Term Loan Commitment, the Initial Euro Term Loan Commitment, the Term B-1 USD Commitment and the Term B-1 Euro Commitment of such Lender. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit E. 
 Confidential Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated October 2018. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Cash Taxes means for any period, with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the aggregate amount of all income and similar Taxes, to the extent the same are payable in cash with respect to such period. 
 Consolidated Current Assets means at any date, all amounts (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) that would, in conformity with GAAP, be reflected in total current assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date. 
 Consolidated Current Liabilities means at any date, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be reflected in total current liabilities (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date, but excluding (a) the current portion of any Funded Debt of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) without duplication of clause (a) above, all Indebtedness consisting of ABL Loans to the extent otherwise included therein. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus , without duplication and to the extent reflected as a charge in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of 
 (a) income tax expense, 
 (b) interest expense, amortization or writeoff of debt discount and debt issuance costs and commissions, discounts and other fees and charges associated with Indebtedness (including the Loans and the ABL Loans), 
 (c) depreciation and amortization expense, 
 (d) non-cash charges, losses, expenses or impairments, including stock-based compensation and LIFO reserves established during such period from time to time (but excluding any such non-cash charge to the extent that it represents an accrual or reserve for cash expenses in any future period), 
 (e) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring expenses or losses (including losses on sale of equipment or businesses outside of the ordinary course of business), 
 (f) any fees, charges, costs or expenses incurred during such period in connection with any Investment (including any Permitted Acquisition), Disposition, issuance of Indebtedness or Capital 
 13 

Stock, or amendment, modification, repayment or refinancing of any debt instrument, in each case permitted under this Agreement, including (i) any such transactions undertaken but not completed and any transactions consummated prior to the Closing Date and (ii) any financial advisory fees, accounting fees, legal fees and other similar advisory and consulting fees (collectively, Advisory Fees ), 
 (g) any fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions, including Advisory Fees and (solely for purposes of this clause (g)) cash charges in respect of strategic market reviews, stay or sign-on bonuses, integration-related bonuses, restructuring, consolidation, severance or discontinuance of any portion of operations, employees and or management, 
 (h) restructuring and similar charges, accruals, reserves, severance, relocation costs, integration and facilities opening costs and other business optimization expenses (including in connection with revenue synergies), signing costs, retention or completion bonuses, transition costs, costs related to closure consolidation of facilities and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans, 
 (i) the amount of pro forma run-rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies actually implemented by the Borrower or related to a Permitted Acquisition projected to be realized as a result of actions taken or are expected to be taken, in each case, that are reasonably identifiable, factually supportable and projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized as a result of Permitted Acquisitions, Dispositions permitted under Section 7.5, cost savings or business optimization initiatives or other similar transactions or initiatives taken on or after the Closing Date, in each case to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement (collectively, Initiatives (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, and synergies had been realized on the first day of the relevant Reference Period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized in respect thereof provided that (i) actions in respect of such cost-savings, operating expense reductions, and synergies have been, or will be, taken within 18 months of the applicable Initiative, (ii) no cost savings, operating expense reductions or synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (i) to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges otherwise added to (or excluded from) Consolidated EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, for such period, (iii) projected amounts (and not yet realized) may no longer be added in calculating Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (i) to the extent occurring more than six full fiscal quarters after the applicable Initiative, (iv) the Borrower must deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth such estimated cost-savings, operating expense reductions, operating improvements and synergies and (B) information and calculations supporting in reasonable detail such estimated cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies and (v) with respect to any Reference Period, the aggregate amount added back in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period pursuant to this clause shall not exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA (calculated prior to giving effect to any add-backs pursuant to this clause (i)), 
 (j) non-recurring cash expenses recognized for restructuring costs, information technology and other integration costs and business optimization expenses in connection with any Initiative, 
 (k) net unrealized losses on Swap Agreements, and 
 minus , 
 (a) to the extent included in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of 
 14 

(i) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring income or gains (including, whether or not otherwise includable as a separate item in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, gains on the sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business), 
 (ii) income tax credits (to the extent not netted from income tax expense), 
 (iii) net unrealized gains on Swap Agreements and 
 (iv) any other non-cash income (including gains on the sale of equipment or businesses and LIFO reserves terminated during such period from time to time) other than normal accruals in the ordinary course of business for non-cash income that represents an accrual for cash income in a future period and 
 (b) any cash payments made during such period in respect of items described in clause (d) above subsequent to the fiscal quarter in which the relevant non-cash expenses or losses were reflected as a charge in the statement of Consolidated Net Income, all as determined on a consolidated basis. 
 For the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any Reference Period pursuant to any determination of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio or Four Quarter EBITDA, (i) if at any time during such Reference Period the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have made any Material Disposition, the Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the property that is the subject of such Material Disposition for such Reference Period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such Reference Period and (ii) if during such Reference Period the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have made a Material Acquisition, Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Material Acquisition occurred on the first day of such Reference Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to the immediately preceding sentence and any adjustments made pursuant to a calculation made on a Pro Forma Basis , Consolidated EBITDA for each of the fiscal quarters ended January 31, 2018, April 30, 2018, July 31, 2018 and October 31, 2018 shall be deemed to be the respective amounts set forth of Schedule 1.1C. 
 Consolidated Leverage Ratio means as at the last day of any Reference Period, the ratio of (a)(i) Consolidated Total Debt on such day less (ii) the aggregate Unrestricted Cash on such day to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period. 
 Consolidated Net Income means for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided that there shall be excluded (a) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles, (b) the net after tax effect of extraordinary, non-recurring, unusual or exceptional gains, losses, charges and expenses, including any relating to or arising in connection with claims or litigation (including legal fees, settlements, judgments and awards), (c) the net after tax effect of gains, losses, charges and expenses attributable to asset dispositions or the sale or other disposition of any equity interests of any person other than in the ordinary course of business, as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, (d) the net after tax effect of gains, losses, charges and expenses attributable to disposed, discontinued, closed or abandoned operations and any net after tax gains, losses, charges and expenses related to the disposal of disposed, abandoned, closed or discontinued operations, (e) the net after tax effect of gains, losses, charges and expenses attributable to the early extinguishment or conversion of Indebtedness, hedge agreements or other derivative instruments (including deferred financing expenses written off and premiums paid), (f) the net income (or loss) for such period of any 
 15 

Unrestricted Subsidiary, or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting provided that Consolidated Net Income shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments that are actually paid to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such period in cash or Cash Equivalents (or to the extent subsequently converted into cash or Cash Equivalents), (g) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) in any line item in such Person s consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of purchase accounting, as the case may be, in connection with the Transactions, any Acquisition or any joint venture investments or the amortization or write off of any amounts thereof, net of taxes, (h) impairment and amortization charges, asset write offs and write downs (but excluding any write offs or write downs of inventory), including impairment and amortization charges, asset write offs and write downs related to goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets, investments in debt and equity securities or as a result of a change in law or regulation, in each case, pursuant to GAAP, (i) non-cash compensation charges and expenses, including any such charges and expenses arising from grants of stock appreciation or similar rights, phantom equity, stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock or other rights or equity incentive programs and non-cash deemed finance charges in respect of any pension liabilities or other provisions, (j) (i) charges and expenses pursuant to any management equity plan, long term incentive plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any stock subscription or shareholder agreement and (ii) charges, expenses, accruals and reserves in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of equity interests held by management of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in the case of each of (i) and (ii) above, to the extent that (in the case of any cash charges and expenses) such charges, expenses, accruals and reserves are funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the Borrower or net cash proceeds of an issuance of equity interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Borrower, (k) any non-cash loss, charge or expense relating to the incurrence of obligations in respect of an earn out or other similar contingent obligations (but only for so long as such loss, charge or expense remains a non-cash contingent obligation), (l) to the extent covered by insurance (including business interruption insurance) and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Borrower has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that (i) such coverage is not denied by the applicable carrier or indemnifying party in writing within 365 days and (ii) such amount is in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such determination (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within 365 days), losses, charges, expenses, accruals and reserves with respect to liability or casualty events or business interruption, (m) (i) non-cash or unrealized gains or losses in respect of obligations under hedge agreements or any ineffectiveness recognized in earnings related to qualifying hedge transactions or the fair value of changes therein recognized in earnings for derivatives that do not qualify as hedge transactions, in each case, in respect of obligations under hedge agreements, and (ii) gains or losses resulting from unrealized currency translation gains or losses related to currency re-measurements of Indebtedness (including gains or losses resulting from (x) hedge agreements for currency exchange risk and (y) intercompany Indebtedness), (n) non-cash interest and similar charges or expenses on defined benefit, defined contribution or other pension plans, (o) any expenses or charges to the extent paid by a third party that is not a Restricted Subsidiary on behalf of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (and not required to be reimbursed), and any gain resulting from such payment, (p) any expenses, charges or losses that are covered by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any Investment, Permitted Acquisition or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets permitted under the Loan Documents, to the extent actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Borrower has made a determination that a reasonable basis exists for indemnification or reimbursement and only to the extent that such amount is in fact indemnified or reimbursed within 365 days of such determination (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so indemnified or reimbursed within such 365 day period), (q) any net pension or 
 16 

other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 712 and 715, Statement on Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 87, 106 and 112, as applicable, and any other items of a similar nature, (r) non-recurring charges, expenses and fees incurred, including financial advisory, accounting, auditor, legal and other consulting and advisory fees and any or other filing fees and expenses, or any amortization thereof, in connection with any equity offering, acquisition, merger, consolidation, amalgamation, Division, Investment, recapitalization, Disposition, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (including deferred financing expenses), refinancing transaction, restructuring or amendment or modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including in connection with the Transactions and any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any transaction undertaken but not completed) and any non-recurring charges and expenses (including non-recurring merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Division expenses) incurred as a result of any such transaction and (s) losses, charges and expenses relating to the Transactions paid within the six months after the Closing Date (including, without limitation, any financial advisory fees, filing fees, accounting fees, legal fees and other similar advisory and consulting fees and related out of pocket expenses and other fees, discounts and commissions, including with regard to arranging or syndication). 
 Consolidated Secured Debt means at any date, Consolidated Total Debt at such date that is secured by a Lien on any property of any Group Member. 
 Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio means as at the last day of any Reference Period, the ratio of (a)(i) Consolidated Secured Debt on such day less (ii) the aggregate Unrestricted Cash on such day to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such period. 
 Consolidated Total Assets means at any date of determination, the total assets, in each case reflected on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as at the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which a balance sheet is available, determined in accordance with GAAP (and, in the case of any determination related to the incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens or any Investment, on a pro forma basis including any property or assets being acquired in connection therewith). 
 Consolidated Total Debt means at any date (without duplication), all Capital Lease Obligations, purchase money Indebtedness, Indebtedness for borrowed money and letters of credit (but only to the extent drawn and not reimbursed), in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Continuing External Debt means Indebtedness of Target and its Subsidiaries that by its terms cannot be prepaid without the consent of the lender(s) thereof and which remains outstanding on the Closing Date. 
 Consolidated Working Capital means, as of any date, with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, Consolidated Current Assets at such date minus Consolidated Current Liabilities at such date provided that, increases or decreases in Consolidated Working Capital shall be calculated without regard to any changes in Consolidated Current Assets or Consolidated Current Liabilities as a result of (a) any reclassification in accordance with GAAP of assets or liabilities, as applicable, between current and non-current (b) the effects of purchase accounting (c) any changes in fair value of derivative instruments, to the extent those changes are excluded from Consolidated Net Income due to hedge accounting treatment of derivative instruments or (d) any acquisitions permitted pursuant to the terms hereof, of an operating or geographical unit of a business or Persons by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 17 

Contract Consideration has the meaning set forth in the definition of Excess Cash 
 Flow . 
 Contractual Obligation means as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and, for the purposes of Section 10.13 only, any other Agent and any Arranger. 
 Cumulative Consolidated Net Income means at any date of determination, an amount (which may not be less than zero) equal to the aggregate cumulative sum of Consolidated Net Income for each fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a) or (b), as applicable, beginning with the first fiscal quarter after the Closing Date. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day , (a SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is esta pu blished by the SOFR Administrat ive or Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining on the SOFR Administrator s Website . Any change in Daily Simple SOFR for business loans provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. du e to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR notice to the Borrow er. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
 Declined Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(e). 
 Default means any of the events specified in Section 8, whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 
 Deposit Account has the meaning set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York. 
 Deposit Account Control Agreement means individually and collectively, each Deposit Account Control Agreement referred to in the US Security Agreement. 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the fair market value of non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a 
 18 

Disposition that is so designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer, setting forth the basis of such valuation, less the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration within 180 days of receipt thereof. 
 Disposition means with respect to any property, any sale, lease, sale and leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer or other disposition thereof (in one transaction or in a series of transfers and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise). The terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings. 
 Disqualified Capital Stock means with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event or condition 
 (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Capital Stock of such Person that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock) whether pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise 
 (b) is convertible or exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof, for Indebtedness or Capital Stock (other than solely for Capital Stock of such Person that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock) or 
 (c) is redeemable (other than solely for Capital Stock of such Person that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock) or is required to be repurchased by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder thereof 
 in each case, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date (determined as of the date of issuance thereof or, in the case of any such Capital Stock outstanding on the Closing Date, the Closing Date) provided , however , that (i) Capital Stock of any Person that would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for terms thereof giving holders thereof the right to require such Person to redeem or purchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of an asset sale or a change of control (or similar event, however denominated) shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if any such requirement becomes operative only after repayment in full of all the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and (ii) Capital Stock of any Person that is issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees or by any such plan to such employees shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by such Person or any of its subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s termination, death or disability. 
 Disqualified Lenders means (a) any Person that was specifically identified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in writing by name prior to the Closing Date, (b) any entity that is a competitor of the Borrower, the Target or any of their respective Subsidiaries (each, a Competitor ), in each case that has been specified by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent on or after the Closing Date, and (c) any Affiliate of any Person described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) that is either (i) clearly identifiable solely on the basis of the similarity of its name as an Affiliate of such Person(s) and is not a bona fide debt investment fund or (ii) identified as an Affiliate in writing after the date hereof in a written supplement to the Disqualified Lenders List and is not a bona fide debt investment fund provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) any person that is a 
 19 

Lender and subsequently becomes a Disqualified Lender will be deemed to not be a Disqualified Lender hereunder, (ii) Disqualified Lender shall exclude any Person identified by the Borrower as no longer being a Disqualified Lender by written notice to the Administrative Agent, and (iii) in no event shall the designation of any Person as a Disqualified Lender apply (x) to disqualify any Person until three (3) Business Days after such Person shall have been identified in writing to the Administrative Agent via electronic mail submitted to JPMDQ_Contact jpmorgan.com (or to such other address as the Administrative Agent may designate to the Borrower from time to time) (the Designation Effective Date ), or (y) retroactively to disqualify any Person that, prior to the Designation Effective Date, has (1) acquired an assignment or participation interest under this Agreement, (2) entered into a trade to acquire an assignment or participation interest under this Agreement or (3) become a Competitor before such entity is added to the list of Disqualified Lenders (the Disqualified Lenders List ). 
 Dividing LLC has the meaning set forth in the definition of Division . 
 Division means that division of the assets and or liabilities of an LLC (the Dividing LLC among two or more LLCs (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement) which may or may not include the Dividing LLC. The terms Divide and Divided shall have correlative meanings. 
 Division Successor means any LLC that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing LLC, holds all or any portion of the assets or liabilities previously held by such Dividing LLC immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing LLC which retains any of its assets or liabilities after a Division shall be a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division in respect of such assets and or liabilities. 
 Documentation Agents means the Documentation Agents identified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 Documents has the meaning set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of 
 New York. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in another currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Ice Data Services IDS source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of IDS chosen by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 Dollars and means dollars in lawful currency of the United States. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower organized under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States. 
 20 

Early Opt-in Election means, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBO Rate, the occurrence of the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBO Rate and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 ECF Percentage means 75 provided , that (a) the ECF Percentage shall be reduced to 50 if the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the relevant fiscal year is less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 but greater than 2.00 to 1.00, (b) the ECF Percentage shall be reduced to 25 if the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the relevant fiscal year is less than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 but greater than 1.75 to 1.00 and (c) the ECF Percentage shall be reduced to 0 if the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the relevant fiscal year is less than or equal to 1.75 to 1.00. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund, (d) any commercial bank and (e) any other financial institution or investment fund engaged as a primary activity in the ordinary course of its business in making or investing in commercial loans or debt securities, other than, in each case, (i) a natural person or (ii) except to the extent permitted under Sections 2.25 and 10.6(e), the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Affiliate of the Borrower provided that solely for purposes of an assignment pursuant to Section 10.6(b), Eligible Assignee shall not include any Person that is a Disqualified Lender at the time of such assignment. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all foreign, Federal, state, local or municipal laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decrees, requirements of any Governmental Authority or other Requirements of Law (including common law) regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of human health or the environment, as now or may at any time hereafter be in effect. 
 Equity Contribution means the direct or indirect issuance on the Closing Date of shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers with a value equal to approximately 10 of the aggregate base purchase price under the Acquisition Agreement. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 21 

ERISA Affiliate means (a) any entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control with a Group Member within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA (b) any corporation that is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code of which a Group Member is a member (c) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code of which a Group Member is a member and (d) with respect to any Group Member, any member of an affiliated service group within the meaning of Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code of which any corporation described in clause (b) above or any trade or business described in clause (c) above is a member. Any former ERISA Affiliate of any Group Member shall continue to be considered an ERISA Affiliate of the Group Member within the meaning of this definition with respect to the period such entity was an ERISA Affiliate of the Group Member and with respect to liabilities arising after such period for which the Group Member could be liable under the Code or ERISA. 
 ERISA Event means (a) the failure of any Plan to comply with any material provisions of ERISA and or the Code (and applicable regulations under either) or with the material terms of such Plan (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of a non-exempt Prohibited Transaction (c) any Reportable Event (d) the failure of any Group Member or ERISA Affiliate to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or any failure by any Pension Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Pension Plan, whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA (e) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (f) the filing pursuant to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Pension Plan (g) the occurrence of any event or condition which could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or the incurrence by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan, including but not limited to the imposition of any Lien in favor of the PBGC or any Pension Plan (h) the receipt by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Pension Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA (i) the failure by any Group Member or any of its ERISA Affiliates to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Sections 431 or 432 of the Code (j) the incurrence by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (k) the receipt by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from a Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, Insolvent, in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Sections 431 or 432 of the Code or Sections 304 or 305 of ERISA), or terminated (within the meaning of Section 4041A of ERISA) or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA (l) the failure by any Group Member or any of its ERISA Affiliates to pay when due (after expiration of any applicable grace period) any installment payment with respect to Withdrawal Liability under Section 4201 of ERISA (m) the withdrawal by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (n) the imposition of liability on any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA (o) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of fines, penalties, taxes or related 
 22 

charges under Chapter 43 of the Code or under Section 409, Section 502(c), (i) or (l), or Section 4071 of ERISA in respect of any Plan (p) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) 
 against any Plan other than a Multiemployer Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate in connection with any Plan (q) receipt from the IRS of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan (or any other Plan) to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code or (r) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Code or pursuant to Section 303(k) or 4068 of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EURIBOR Screen Rate means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as of 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Company. If the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be less than zero, the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 EURIBOR Loans means Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate. 
 Euro or means the single currency of Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the provision of Article 123 of the Treaty and, in respect of all payments to be made under this Agreement in Euro, means immediately available, freely transferable funds in such currency. 
 Eurocurrency means when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. 
 Eurocurrency Loans means Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Adjusted LIBO Rate. 
 Eurocurrency Tranche means the collective reference to Eurocurrency Loans under a particular Facility relating to the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 
 Event of Default means any of the events specified in Section 8, provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 
 Excess Cash Flow means for any fiscal year of the Borrower, the excess, if any, of 
 (a) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal year, 
 (ii) the amount of all non-cash charges (including depreciation and amortization) deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, but excluding (A) any such 
 23 

non-cash charges representing an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period (it being understood if any such cash items do not materialize in such future period, they shall increase Excess Cash Flow in such period) and (B) amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period, 
 (iii) decreases in Consolidated Working Capital for such fiscal year, 
 (iv) net cash receipts in respect of Swap Agreements during such period to the extent not otherwise included in such Consolidated Net Income, and 
 (v) the aggregate net amount of non-cash loss on the Disposition of property by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such fiscal year (other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business), to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income over 
 (b) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) the amount of all non-cash income included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, 
 (ii) the amount of any prepaid cash item deducted in part for such period, with the balance amortized over a subsequent period 
 (iii) the aggregate amount actually paid by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in cash during such fiscal year on account of Capital Expenditures (excluding the principal amount of Indebtedness incurred in connection with such expenditures and any such expenditures financed with the proceeds of any Reinvestment Deferred Amount or the proceeds of any issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower), 
 (iv) the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made by the Borrower in cash during such fiscal year pursuant to Section 7.6(j) (excluding the principal amount of Indebtedness incurred in connection with such Restricted Payments and any Restricted Payments made with proceeds of any issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower), 
 (v) the aggregate amount of all prepayments of Funded Debt, including the principal component of payments in respect of Capital Lease Obligations (other than (A) the Term Loans and (B) any revolving credit facility to the extent there is not an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereof) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries made during such fiscal year (excluding any such prepayments financed with the Available Amount or the proceeds of any issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower or the issuance of any Indebtedness), 
 (vi) the aggregate amount of all regularly scheduled principal payments of Funded Debt (including the Term Loans) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries made during such fiscal year (other than in respect of any revolving credit facility to the extent there is not an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder), 
 (vii) increases in Consolidated Working Capital for such fiscal year, 
 (viii) the aggregate net amount of non-cash gain on the Disposition of property by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such fiscal year (other than sales of 
 
 24 

inventory in the ordinary course of business), to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, 
 (ix) to the extent not otherwise deducted from Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Cash Taxes paid during such fiscal year, 
 (x) to the extent not otherwise deducted from Consolidated Net Income, interest expense of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such year, 
 (xi) the aggregate amount of cash consideration paid by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such fiscal year to make Permitted Acquisitions and Investments permitted by Section 7.7(t) and Section 7.7(u) (excluding any such Permitted Acquisitions or other Investments financed with the proceeds of any Reinvestment Deferred Amount, the Available Amount or the proceeds or any issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower or the issuance of any Indebtedness), in each case, to the extent financed with Internally Generated Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, 
 (xii) cash payments by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (A) in respect of the permanent reduction of long-term liabilities of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness) or (B) in respect of pension contributions, pension true-up or settlement payments, in each case to the extent such payments are not expensed during such period or are not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, in each case, to the extent financed with Internally Generated Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (xiii) the aggregate amount of cash fees, costs and expenses in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or Disposition, and any cash payments of the purchase price in connection therewith and the fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, to the extent not expensed and not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, in each case, to the extent financed with Internally Generated Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and 
 (xiv) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually paid in cash by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that are made in connection with any prepayment, early extinguishment or conversion of Indebtedness to the extent such payments are not expensed during such period or are not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, in each case, to the extent financed with Internally Generated Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (xv) to the extent not already deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, cash losses, charges and expenses related to internal software development that are expenses but could have been capitalized under alternative accounting policies in accordance with IFRS, in each case, to the extent financed with Internally Generated Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 (xvi) cash expenditures in respect of Swap Agreements during such period to the extent not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income 
 (xvii) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (xx) below in prior fiscal years of the Borrower, (A) the amount of capital expenditures, including but not limited to the purchase of fixed assets, and (B) the aggregate amount of cash consideration paid 
 25 

by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with Investments (other than intercompany Investments, except for intercompany Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures or, to the extent non-attributable to the minority interest in non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiaries) made pursuant to Section 7.7(g), (h), (k), (m), (r), (t), (u) or (v), during such period, in each case, to the extent financed with Internally Generated Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (xviii) proceeds of any Asset Sale or Recovery Event to the extent otherwise included in the definition of Excess Cash Flow and to the extent the Borrower is in compliance with the applicable mandatory prepayment requirements set forth in Section 2.11 
 (xix) cash charges included in clauses (a) through (s) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income and 
 (xx) without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in prior periods and, at the option of the Borrower, the aggregate cash consideration (x) required to be paid by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts (the Contract Consideration entered into prior to or during such period relating to Permitted Acquisitions and Investments permitted by Sections 7.7(t) and (u) and (y) expected to be paid in connection with planned Capital Expenditures of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (the Planned Expenditures ), in each case during the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower following the end of the applicable fiscal year for which Excess Cash Flow is being calculated (except to the extent financed with the proceeds of Indebtedness, any Reinvestment Deferred Amount, the proceeds of any issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower or utilizing the Available Amount) provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of cash actually utilized to finance such Permitted Acquisitions or Capital Expenditures during such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is less than the Contract Consideration and the Planned Expenditures, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. 
 Excess Cash Flow Application Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(c). 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Exchanged Initial Euro Term Loans means each Initial Euro Term Loans extended on the Closing Date (or portion thereof) and held by a Rollover Term Lender on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date immediately prior to the extension of credit hereunder on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and as to which the Rollover Term Lender thereof has consented to exchange into a Term B-1 Euro Loan and the Administrative Agent has allocated into a Term B-1 Euro Loan. 
 Exchanged Initial Term Loans means, collectively, the Exchanged Initial USD Term Loans and the Exchanged Initial Euro Term Loans. 
 Exchanged Initial USD Term Loans means each Initial USD Term Loans extended on the Closing Date (or portion thereof) and held by a Rollover Term Lender on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date immediately prior to the extension of credit hereunder on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and as to which the Rollover Term Lender thereof has consented to exchange into a Term B-1 USD Loan and the Administrative Agent has allocated into a Term B-1 USD Loan. 
 Excluded Account means (i) payroll accounts, fiduciary accounts, escrow accounts or other accounts that any Loan Party may hold in trust for others, (ii) zero balance accounts and (iii) other 
 26 

Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts of the Loan Parties holding aggregate balances in an amount not to exceed the Dollar Equivalent of 10,000,000 for all such accounts at any one time. 
 Excluded Assets means (a) Excluded Accounts (b) Excluded Dealer Assets (c) assets subject to certificates of title, letter of credit rights other than supporting obligations as defined in the UCC and commercial tort claims other than claims with a Dollar Equivalent value less than 5,000,000, for which a claim has been filed in a court of competent jurisdiction, except to the extent that a security interest may be granted therein by the filing of a financing statement (d) margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U) and pledges and security interests prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation or agreements with any Governmental Authority (e) equity interests in any person other than the Guarantors to the extent such person is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary and such pledge is not permitted by the terms of such Subsidiary s organizational or joint venture documents, in each case, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or any other anti-assignment provisions of any other applicable jurisdiction (f) equity interests in Unrestricted Subsidiaries (g) any lease, license, contract or other agreement or document or any property subject to a purchase money security interest or similar arrangement not prohibited by the Loan Documents to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would require the consent of a third party, violate or invalidate such lease, license, contract agreement, document or purchase money arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or any other anti-assignment provisions of any other applicable jurisdiction (other than the proceeds and receivables thereof the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or any other anti-assignment provisions of any other applicable jurisdiction) (h) those assets as to which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree in writing that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence of obtaining such a security interest or perfection thereof is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security to be afforded thereby (i) assets of any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation or, to the extent listed on a schedule detailing what is excluded, by any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date (or, if later, the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary) from pledging assets to secure the Obligations or for which governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization would be required for a pledge of such assets unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received (j) assets to the extent a pledge, guarantee, security interest, payment or other action with respect to or in such assets to secure Obligations would result in an investment in United States property by a CFC within the meaning of Sections 956 and 957 of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder that is taken into account in the income of a direct or indirect owner of such CFC Subsidiary pursuant to Section 951(a)(1)(B) of the Code or would otherwise result in a material adverse tax consequence, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and in consultation with the Administrative Agent and (k) any intent-to-use trademark application filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 1051, prior to the accepted filing of a Statement of Use and issuance of a Certificate of Registration pursuant to Section 1(d) of the Lanham Act or an accepted filing of an Amendment to Allege Use whereby such intent-to-use trademark application is converted to a use in commerce application pursuant to Section 1(c) of the Lanham Act and any other Intellectual Property in any jurisdiction where such pledge or security interest would cause the invalidation or abandonment of such Intellectual Property under applicable law. 
 Excluded Dealer Assets means, with respect to the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries, the non-core assets of dealers acquired in connection with business continuation initiatives with the view of Disposing such assets consistent with past practices. 
 Excluded Dealer Subsidiary means any Subsidiary all or substantially all of whose assets are comprised of Excluded Dealer Assets. 
 27 

Excluded Dispositions means the Disposition of the Capital Stock of the Excluded Dealer Subsidiaries or the Excluded Dealer Assets. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, (b) any Excluded Dealer Subsidiary, (c) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (d) any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary that is a joint venture, to the extent the organizational documents thereof prohibit it from guaranteeing the Obligations, (e) any Subsidiary that is prohibited or restricted by applicable law, rule or regulation or by any contractual obligation that is listed on Schedule 4.15 and existing on the Closing Date (or, if later, the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary) from guaranteeing the Obligations or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a guarantee unless such consent, approval, licensor authorization has been received, (f) any CFC Subsidiary whose provision of a pledge, guarantee, security interest, payment or other action would constitute an investment in United States property within the meaning of Sections 956 and 957 of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder that is taken into account in the income of a direct or indirect owner of such CFC Subsidiary pursuant to Section 951(a)(1)(B) of the Code or would otherwise result in a material adverse tax consequence to the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, (g) not-for-profit Subsidiaries and captive insurance companies, (h) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition financed with Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to the Loan Documents as assumed Indebtedness and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof that guarantees such Indebtedness, in each case to the extent such secured Indebtedness prohibits such Subsidiary from becoming a Guarantor and (i) any Subsidiary whose provision of a guarantee would have a cost (including tax cost), burden, difficulty or consequence that is excessive in relation to the value afforded thereby as agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Credit Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Credit Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of a Credit Party being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of a Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) a Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.22) or (ii) a Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.19, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to a Credit Party s failure to comply with Section 2.19(f) or (g) and (d) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Indebtedness Refinancing has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(c). 
 Facility means each of (a) the Initial Dollar Term Commitments and the Initial Dollar Terms Loans, (b) the Initial Euro Term Commitments and the Initial Euro Terms Loans, (c) the Term B-1 USD Commitments and the Term B-1 USD Loans, (d) the Term B-1 Euro Commitments and the Term B-1 Euro Loans and (e) the Incremental Term Loans (the Incremental Term Facility ). Additional Facilities may be established pursuant to Sections 2.26 and 2.27 (collectively Term Facilities ). 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to 
 28 

comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Flood Laws means, collectively, (a) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (b) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (c) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to LIBO Rate. the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, EURIBOR Screen Rate and Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be 0 per annum. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Foreign Benefit Arrangement means any employee benefit arrangement mandated by non-U.S. law that is maintained or contributed to by any Group Member, any ERISA Affiliate or any other entity related to a Group Member on a controlled group basis. 
 Foreign Plan means any pension plan, pension undertaking, supplemental pension, retirement savings or other retirement income plan, obligation or arrangement of any kind other than any state social security arrangements that is not subject to US law and that is established, maintained or contributed to by any Group Member, or ERISA Affiliate or any other entity related to a Group Member on a controlled group basis or in respect of which any Group Member, or ERISA Affiliate or any other entity related to a Group Member on a controlled group basis has any liability, obligation or contingent liability. 
 Foreign Plan Event means with respect to any Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan, (a) the failure to make or, if applicable, accrue in accordance with normal accounting practices, any employer or employee contributions required by applicable law or by the terms of such Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan (b) the failure to register or loss of good standing with applicable regulatory authorities of any such Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan required to be registered or (c) the failure of any Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan to comply with any material provisions of applicable law and regulations or with the material terms of such Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan. 
 Four Quarter EBITDA means, as of any date of determination, Consolidated EBITDA for the Reference Period most recently ended for such date for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Sections 6.1(a) or 6.1(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, 
 29 

ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the Pro Forma Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Section 4.1(a), calculated on a Pro Forma Basis). 
 Funded Debt means as to any Person, all Indebtedness of such Person that matures more than one year from the date of its creation or matures within one year from such date but is renewable or extendible, at the option of such Person, to a date more than one year from such date or arises under a revolving credit or similar agreement that obligates the lender or lenders to extend credit during a period of more than one year from such date, including all current maturities and current sinking fund payments in respect of such Indebtedness whether or not required to be paid within one year from the date of its creation and, in the case of the Borrower, Indebtedness in respect of the Loans and the ABL Loans. 
 Funding Office means each office of the Administrative Agent specified in Section 10.2 or such other office as may be specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its funding office by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time. In the event that any Accounting Change (as defined below) shall occur and such change results in a change in the method of calculation of financial covenants, standards or terms in this Agreement, then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree to enter into negotiations to promptly amend such provisions of this Agreement so as to reflect equitably such Accounting Changes with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Borrower s results of operations and or financial condition shall be the same after such Accounting Changes as if such Accounting Changes had not been made. Until such time as such an amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, all financial covenants, standards and terms in this Agreement shall continue to be calculated or construed as if such Accounting Changes had not occurred. Accounting Changes refers to changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants or, if applicable, the SEC. 
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity (including any European supranational body, the European Central Bank and the Council of Ministers of the European Union) exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners). 
 Group Members means the collective reference to the Borrower and its Restricted 
 Subsidiaries. 
 Guarantee Agreement means the Term Loan Guarantee Agreement to be executed and delivered by the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 
 Guarantee Obligation means as to any Person (the guaranteeing person ), any obligation, including a reimbursement, counterindemnity or similar obligation, of the guaranteeing Person that guarantees or in effect guarantees, or which is given to induce the creation of a separate obligation by another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit) that guarantees or in effect guarantees, any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations (the primary obligations of any other third Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds 
 30 

(1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof provided , however , that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee Obligation is made and (b) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the European Union. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that (a) did not, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended, have gross assets with a value in excess of 5 of Consolidated Total Assets and (b) taken together with all Immaterial Subsidiaries as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended, did not have gross assets with a value in excess of 10 of Consolidated Total Assets for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended. Each Immaterial Subsidiary as of the Closing Date is noted in Schedule 4.15, and the Borrower shall update the list of Immaterial Subsidiaries on a quarterly basis after the Closing Date as necessary to reflect all Immaterial Subsidiaries at such time as set forth in Section 6.2(a). 
 Incremental Acquisition Term Facility means an Incremental Term Facility designated as an Incremental Acquisition Term Facility by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the applicable Incremental Term Lenders in the applicable Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice, the making of which is conditioned upon the consummation of, and the proceeds of which will be used to finance, a Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition or Investment permitted hereunder (including the refinancing of Indebtedness in connection therewith (to the extent required in connection with such Permitted Acquisition, acquisition or Investment) and the payment of related fees and expenses). 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(p). 
 Incremental Term Facility has the meaning set forth in the definition of Facility . 
 Incremental Term Lenders means (a) on any Incremental Term Loan Activation Date relating to Incremental Term Loans, the Lenders signatory to the relevant Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice and (b) thereafter, each Lender that is a holder of an Incremental Term Loan. 
 Incremental Term Loan Activation Date means any Business Day on which any Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice pursuant to Section 2.24(a). 
 Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 or in such other form as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent provided that if such Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice is (a) in respect of an Incremental Term Facility to be 
 31 

designated as an Incremental Acquisition Term Facility or (b) is to effect amendments to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents as contemplated by Section 2.24(d), the Administrative Agent shall, in each case, have executed such Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice. 
 Incremental Term Loan Closing Date means any Business Day designated as such in an Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice. 
 Incremental Term Loan Maturity Date means with respect to the Incremental Term Loans to be made pursuant to any Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice, the maturity date specified in such Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice, which date shall not be earlier than the final maturity of the Term B-1 Loans. 
 Incremental Term Loans means any term loans made pursuant to Section 2.24(a). 
 Indebtedness means of any Person at any date, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services, (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) all obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as an account party or applicant under or in respect of acceptances, letters of credit, surety bonds or similar arrangements, (g) the liquidation value of all redeemable preferred Disqualified Capital Stock of such Person, (h) all Guarantee Obligations of such Person in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above, (i) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation (but only to the extent of the lesser of (i) the amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of such property), and (j) for the purposes of Section 8(e) only, all net obligations of such Person in respect of Swap Agreements provided that Indebtedness shall not include (i) trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business and not overdue more than 90 days, (ii) deferred compensation payable to directors, officers or employees of any Group Member, (iii) any purchase price adjustment or earnout obligation until such adjustment or obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and (iv) any other indebtedness or portion thereof with respect to which and to the extent the trustee or other applicable depository in respect of such indebtedness holds cash or cash equivalents in an amount sufficient to repay the principal of, and accrued interest on, such indebtedness, and the foregoing shall constitute a redemption or a complete defeasance of such indebtedness pursuant to the applicable agreement governing such indebtedness. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
 Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 10.5. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) above, Other Taxes. 
 32 

Initial Euro Term Commitment means as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make Initial Euro Term Loans in an aggregate principal not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Initial Euro Term Commitment opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The aggregate Initial Euro Term Commitments on the Closing Date is 617,718,034.23. 
 Initial Euro Term Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b). 
 Initial Term Lender means each Lender that holds an Initial Term Loan. 
 Initial Term Loans means, collectively, the Initial USD Term Loans and the Initial Euro Term Loans. 
 Initial Term Percentage means, as to any Initial Term Lender under any Facility at any time, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Initial Term Loans under such Facility then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans of such Facility then outstanding. 
 Initial USD Term Commitment means as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make Initial USD Term Loans in an aggregate principal not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Initial USD Term Commitment opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The aggregate Initial USD Term Commitments on the Closing Date is 1,386,433,810.16. 
 Initial USD Term Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a). 
 Insolvent means with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. 
 Intellectual Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including copyrights, copyright licenses, patents, patent licenses, industrial designs, trademarks, trademark licenses, technology, know-how and processes, all registrations and applications therefor, and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement or other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means the ABL Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Administrative Agent and the ABL Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit K. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.12 and the definition of Interest Period , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit D or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) as to any ABR Loan, the first calendar day of each August, November, February and May to occur while such Loan is outstanding and the final maturity date of such Loan, (b) as to any Eurocurrency Loan having with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months or less, 
 33 

duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period , (c) as to any Eurocurrency Loan having an Interest Period longer than that occurs at intervals of three months , each day that is three months, or a whole multiple thereof, duration after the first day of such Interest Period , and the last day of such Interest Period and Maturity Date, d c as to any Loan, the date of any repayment or prepayment made in respect thereof . and (d) subject to Section 2.16, with respect to any Daily Simple SOFR Loan each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month). 
 Interest Period means as to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan, (a) initially, the period commencing on the borrowing or conversion date, as the case may be, with respect to such Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan and ending one , two , three or six months thereafter , as selected by the Borrower in its Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request, as the case may be, given with respect thereto and (b) thereafter, each period commencing on the last day of the next preceding Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan and ending one, two, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower by irrevocable notice by submitting an Interest Election Request to the Administrative Agent not later than 12 00 Noon, New York City time, on the date that is three Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto provided that, all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following 
 , three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment), as the Borrower may elect provided , that (i) (i) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day that is not other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month , in which event case such Interest Period shall end on the immediately next preceding Business Day 
 , (ii) (ii)the Borrower may not select an Interest Period under a particular Facility that would extend beyond the date final payment is due on the relevant Term Loans and 
 (iii) any Interest Period that begins commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period . a nd (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.16(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Internally Generated Cash means, with respect to any period, any cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries generated during such period, excluding Net Cash Proceeds and any cash that is generated from an incurrence of Indebtedness, an issuance of Capital Stock or a capital contribution. 
 Interpolated Rate means, at any time, for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable currency) that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that 
 34 

LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable currency) that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. 
 Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 7.7. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 Joint Venture means a joint venture, partnership or other similar arrangement entered into by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether in corporate, partnership or other legal form provided that in no event shall any Subsidiary be considered to be a Joint Venture. 
 JPMCB JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors. 
 Junior Indebtedness means (a) any Subordinated Indebtedness and (b) any Material Unsecured Indebtedness of any Group Member. 
 Latest Maturity Date means at any date of determination, the latest scheduled maturity date applicable to any Loan hereunder at such time, including in respect of any Incremental Term Facility. 
 LCA Test Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(d). 
 Lenders has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing for any applicable currency and for any Interest Period, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted Interest Period with respect to the applicable currency then the LIBO Rate shall be the Interpolated Rate. 
 LIBO Screen Rate means, for any day and time , with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing for any applicable currency and for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for such currency, as applicable, for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero , such rate shall be deemed to zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any 
 35 

conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 LLC means any Person that is a limited liability company. 
 Loan means any loan made by any Lender pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, Amendment No. 1, Amendment No. 2, the Guarantee Agreement, the Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes and any amendment, waiver, supplement or other modification to any of the foregoing. 
 Loan Modification Agreement means a Loan Modification Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and one or more Accepting Lenders, effecting one or more Permitted Amendments and such other amendments hereto and to the other Loan Documents as are contemplated by Section 2.26. 
 Loan Modification Offer has the meaning set forth in Section 2.26(a). 
 Loan Parties means the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Majority Facility Lenders means with respect to any Facility, the holders of more than 50 of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding under such Facility. 
 Material Acquisition means any acquisition of property or series of related acquisitions of property that (a) constitutes assets comprising all or substantially all of an operating unit of a business or constitutes all or substantially all of the common stock of a Person and (b) involves the payment of consideration by the Group Members in excess of 100,000,000. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, property, operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or thereunder. 
 Material Disposition means any Disposition of property or series of related Dispositions of property that yields gross proceeds to the Group Members in excess of 100,000,000. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans) or Swap Obligations of any one or more of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount of 100,000,000 or more provided that any Indebtedness outstanding under the ABL Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be Material Indebtedness. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of any Swap Obligation at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower and or any applicable Restricted Subsidiary would be required to pay if the applicable Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Unsecured Indebtedness means any Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount of 50,000,000 or more that is not secured by a Lien on any property of any Group Member. 
 Materials of Environmental Concern means any gasoline or petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum products or any hazardous or toxic substances, materials 
 36 

or wastes, defined or regulated as such in or under any Environmental Law, including asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and urea-formaldehyde insulation. 
 Maturity Date means February 1, 2026. 
 Maximum Incremental Amount an amount represented by Incremental Term Loans to be established pursuant to Section 2.24 or Incremental Equivalent Debt secured on a pari passu basis to the Liens securing the Obligations, that would not, immediately after giving effect to the establishment thereof (excluding from Unrestricted Cash in making such pro forma calculation the Net Cash Proceeds of such Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Equivalent Debt), cause the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of incurrence of such Indebtedness, to exceed 2.25 to 1.00 provided that solely with respect to Incremental Equivalent Debt (and not Incremental Term Loans) secured on a junior lien basis to the Liens securing the Obligations or on an unsecured basis, such applicable incurrence ratio shall instead be a Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio of 2.75 to 1.00 and a Consolidated Leverage Ratio of 3.25 to 1.00, respectively. 
 Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning set forth in Section 2.26(a). 
 Moody s has the meaning set forth in the definition of Cash Equivalents. 
 Mortgaged Properties means the real properties listed on Schedule 1.1B and any real property that becomes subject to a Mortgage pursuant to this Agreement, in each case as to which the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties shall be granted a Lien pursuant to the Mortgages. 
 Mortgages means each of the mortgages, deeds of trust and or deeds to secure debt made by any Loan Party in favor of, or for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (with such changes thereto as shall be advisable under the law of the jurisdiction in which such mortgage, deed of trust or deed to secure debt is to be recorded), including any Mortgages executed and delivered pursuant to Sections 5.1(k) and 6.10(b). 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate (i) makes or is obligated to make contributions, (ii) during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions or (iii) has any actual or contingent liability. 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a Plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means (a) in connection with any Asset Sale or any Recovery Event, the proceeds thereof in the form of cash and Cash Equivalents (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received), (i) net of attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, amounts required to be applied to the repayment of Indebtedness secured by a Lien expressly permitted hereunder on any asset that is the subject of such Asset Sale or Recovery Event (other than any Lien pursuant to a Security Document) and other customary fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith and net of taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements) and (ii) a reasonable reserve for any indemnification payments (fixed or contingent) attributable to seller s indemnities and representations and warranties to 
 37 

purchaser in respect of such Asset Sale undertaken by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such Asset Sale or any other liabilities associated with the assets subject to such Asset Sale and retained by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after such Asset Sale including without limitation pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and environmental liabilities provided that upon release of any such reserve, the amount released shall be considered Net Cash Proceeds and (b) in connection with any issuance or sale of Capital Stock or any incurrence of Indebtedness, the cash proceeds received from such issuance or incurrence, net of attorneys fees, investment banking fees, accountants fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith. 
 New Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(b). 
 New Lender Supplement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(b). 
 No Undisclosed Information Representation means with respect to any Person, a representation that such Person is not in possession of any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that has not been disclosed to the Lenders generally (other than those Lenders who have elected to not receive any non-public information with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) and if so disclosed could reasonably be expected to have a material effect upon, or otherwise be material to, the market price of the applicable Loan, or the decision of an assigning Lender to sell, or of an assignee to purchase, such Loan. 
 Non-Exchanged Term B Loan means each Initial Term Loan (or portion thereof) other than an Exchanged Initial Term Loan. 
 Non-U.S. Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to the Borrower, that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to the Borrower, that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Not Otherwise Applied means in respect of any amount, such amount has not previously been (and is not currently being) applied to any other use or transaction. 
 Notes means the collective reference to any promissory note evidencing Loans. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided , that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided, further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to the Borrower, whether 
 38 

or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) the Loans and all other obligations and liabilities of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other document made, delivered or given in connection herewith or therewith, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender that are required to be paid by the Borrower pursuant hereto) or otherwise. 
 Original Indebtedness has the meaning set forth in the definition of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness. 
 Other Connection Taxes means with respect to any Credit Party, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Credit Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Credit Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court, or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.22). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurocurrency borrowings eurodollar transactions denominated in Dol lars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions , as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time , and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(c). 
 Participating Member States means, at any time, any member state of the European Union which has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(c). Patriot Act has the meaning set forth in Section 10.17. 
 Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(a). 
 Payment Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(b). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established under Section 4002 of ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Pension Plan means any employee benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan, but not including a Multiemployer Plan) that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA (a) which is or was sponsored, maintained or contributed to by, or required to be 
 39 

contributed to by, any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate or (b) with respect to which any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate has any actual or contingent liability. 
 Permitted Acquisition means the purchase or other acquisition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation, Division or otherwise) of all or a majority of the Capital Stock of, or all or substantially all of the property of, any Person, or of any business, unit, division or product line, of any Person provided that with respect to each purchase or other acquisition (a) after giving effect thereto, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries are in compliance with Section 7.15, (b) immediately before and after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to any such purchase or other acquisition, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (c) any such newly created or acquired Subsidiary shall, to the extent required by Section 6.9, comply with the requirements of Section 6.9. 
 Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Loan Party (other than ABL Loans and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) (a) that is (and any Guarantees thereof by any Loan Party that are) secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and that is not secured by any other property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (b) that does not mature earlier than the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date then in effect at the time of incurrence thereof and has a weighted average life to maturity no shorter than the Facility of Term Loans with the Latest Maturity Date in effect at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness (other than, for purposes of this clause (b), customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions, would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of the preceding clause (b)), (c) that does not provide for any amortization, mandatory prepayment, redemption or repurchase (other than upon a change of control, fundamental change, customary asset sale or event of loss mandatory offers to purchase and customary acceleration rights after an event of default and, for the avoidance of doubt, rights to convert or exchange into Capital Stock of the Borrower in the case of convertible or exchangeable Indebtedness) prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date then in effect at the time of incurrence thereof (other than with respect to customary bridge financings, which may have such an earlier maturity date and which, subject to customary conditions, would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of the preceding clause (c)), (d) that contains covenants, events of default, guarantees and other terms that are customary for similar Indebtedness in light of then-prevailing market conditions (it being understood and agreed that such Indebtedness shall include financial maintenance covenants only to the extent any such financial maintenance covenant is (i) applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date then in effect at the time of incurrence thereof or (ii) included in or added to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders) and, when taken as a whole (other than interest rates, rate floors, fees and optional prepayment or redemption terms), are not more favorable to the lenders or investors providing such Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness, as the case may be, than those set forth in the Loan Documents are with respect to the Lenders (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date then in effect at the time of incurrence thereof) provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness or the modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension thereof (or such shorter period of time as may reasonably be agreed by the Administrative Agent), together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such resulting Indebtedness or drafts of the material definitive documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirements of this clause (d) shall be conclusive, and (e) that is not guaranteed by any Person other than by the Borrower and or Restricted Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties. 
 40 

Permitted Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement and or the other Loan Documents, effected in connection with a Loan Modification Offer pursuant to Section 2.26, providing for an extension of the scheduled maturity date and or amortization applicable to the Loans of the Accepting Lenders of a relevant Facility and, in connection therewith, which may also provide for (a)(i) a change in the Applicable Margin with respect to the Loans of the Accepting Lenders subject to such Permitted Amendment and or (ii) a change in the fees payable to, or the inclusion of new fees to be payable to, the Accepting Lenders in respect of such Loans, (b) changes to any prepayment premiums with respect to the applicable Loans of a relevant Facility, (c) such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as shall be appropriate, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, to provide the rights and benefits of this Agreement and other Loan Documents to each new Facility of Loans and or commitments resulting therefrom and (d) additional amendments to the terms of this Agreement and or the other Loan Documents applicable to the applicable Loans of the Accepting Lenders that are less favorable to such Accepting Lenders than the terms of this Agreement and or the other Loan Documents, as applicable, prior to giving effect to such Permitted Amendments and that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Permitted Liens means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.3. 
 Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means with respect to any Indebtedness of any Person (the Original Indebtedness ), any modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension of such Indebtedness, in whole or in part provided , that (i) no Person that is not an obligor with respect to the Original Indebtedness shall be an obligor with respect to such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness, (ii) the final maturity and weighted average life to maturity of such Indebtedness shall not be shortened as a result of such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension, (iii) in the case of any modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension of Indebtedness incurred pursuant Section 7.2(b), the other material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness after giving effect to such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension, taken as a whole (other than interest rates, rate floors, fees and optional prepayment or redemption terms), shall not be materially more restrictive as determined by the Borrower in good faith, (iv) (x) in the case of any Original Indebtedness consisting of a revolving credit facility, the committed amount (in the case of a revolving credit facility) or principal of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the committed amount in respect of the Original Indebtedness and (y) otherwise, the principal amount (or accreted value or committed amount, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value or committed amount, if applicable) of the Original Indebtedness, except in each case by an amount (such amount, the Additional Permitted Amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon at such time plus reasonable fees and expenses incurred in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension, (v) for the avoidance of doubt, the Original Indebtedness is paid down (or commitments in respect thereof are reduced) on a dollar-for-dollar basis by such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness (other than by the Additional Permitted Amount), (vi) if the Original Indebtedness shall have been subordinated to the Obligations, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall also be subordinated to the Obligations on terms not less favorable in any material respect to the Lenders and (vii) such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the assets that secured such Original Indebtedness (or would have been required to secure such Original Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof) or, in the event Liens securing such Original Indebtedness shall have been contractually subordinated to any Lien securing the Obligations, by any Lien that shall not have been contractually subordinated to at least the same extent. 
 Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (a) that is not (and any Guarantees thereof are not) secured by any collateral (including the 
 41 

Collateral), (b) that does not mature earlier than the date that is 91 days after the LatestMaturity Date then in effect at the time of incurrence thereof and has a weighted average life to maturity no shorter than the Facility of Term Loans with the Latest Maturity Date in effect at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness (other than, for purposes of this clause (b), customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions, would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing so long as such permanent financing satisfies the requirements in this clause (b)), (c) that does not provide for any amortization, mandatory prepayment, redemption or repurchase (other than upon a change of control, fundamental change, customary asset sale or event of loss mandatory offers to purchase and customary acceleration rights after an event of default and, for the avoidance of doubt, rights to convert or exchange into Capital Stock of the Borrower in the case of convertible or exchangeable Indebtedness) prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date then in effect at the time of incurrence thereof (other than with respect to customary bridge financings, which may have such an earlier maturity date and which, subject to customary conditions, would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of the preceding clause (c)), (d) that contains covenants, events of default, guarantees and other terms that are customary for similar Indebtedness in light of then-prevailing market conditions (it being understood and agreed that such Indebtedness shall not include any financial maintenance covenants and that applicable negative covenants shall be incurrence-based to the extent customary for similar Indebtedness) and, when taken as a whole (other than interest rates, rate floors, fees and optional prepayment or redemption terms), are not more favorable to the lenders or investors providing such Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness, as the case may be, than those set forth in the Loan Documents are with respect to the Lenders (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date then in effect at the time of incurrence thereof) provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness or the modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension thereof (or such shorter period of time as may reasonably be agreed by the Administrative Agent), together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such resulting Indebtedness or drafts of the material definitive documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirements in this clause (d) shall be conclusive, and (e) that is not guaranteed by any Person other than on an unsecured basis by the Borrower and or Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, including any employee welfare benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), any employee pension benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA but excluding any Multiemployer Plan), and any plan which is both an employee welfare benefit plan and an employee pension benefit plan, and in respect of which any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such Plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq. , as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Planned Expenditures has the meaning set forth in the definition of Excess Cash 
 Flow . 
 Platform has the meaning set forth in Section 10.15. 
 42 

Pledged Collateral has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Pro Forma Basis means with respect to the calculation of any test or covenant hereunder, such test or covenant being calculated after giving effect to (a) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (b) any designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, (c) any Material Acquisition, (d) any Material Disposition, and (e) any assumption, incurrence, repayment or other Disposition of Indebtedness or any Restricted Payment (all of the foregoing, Applicable Transactions using, for purposes of determining such compliance, the historical financial statements of all entities or assets so designated, acquired or sold (to the extent available) and the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, which shall be reformulated as if all Applicable Transactions during the Applicable Reference Period, or subsequent to the Applicable Reference Period and on or prior to the date of such calculation, had been consummated at the beginning of such period (and shall include, with respect to any Material Acquisition or Material Disposition, any adjustments calculated in accordance with (and subject to the requirements and limitations of) clause (h) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA provided that with respect to any assumption, incurrence, repayment or other Disposition of Indebtedness (i) if such Indebtedness has a floating rate of interest, the interest expense on such Indebtedness will be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of calculation had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Obligations applicable to such Indebtedness if such Swap Obligation has a remaining term as at the date of calculation in excess of 12 months), (ii) interest on Capital Lease Obligations shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP, (iii) interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility shall be based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period and (iv) interest on Indebtedness that may be optionally determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be deemed to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if none, then based upon such optional rate as the Borrower may designate. 
 Pro Forma Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a). 
 Prohibited Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975(c) of the Code. 
 Projections has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(c). 
 Properties has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17(a). 
 Public-Sider means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries while in possession of the financial statements provided by the Borrower under the terms of this Agreement. 
 Purchasing Borrower Party means any of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 43 

Qualified Capital Stock means Capital Stock of the Borrower other than Disqualified 
 Capital Stock. 
 Recovery Event means any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim or any condemnation proceeding relating to any asset of any Group Member (other than assets that constitute ABL Priority Collateral) that yields gross cash proceeds to any Group Member in excess of 35,000,000, individually, or 50,000,000, in the aggregate for each fiscal year of the Borrower. 
 Reference Period means each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the 
 Borrower. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is LIBO the Term SOFR Rate, 11 00 a.m. (London 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two London banking U.S. Government Securities Business d D ays preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is not LIBO the Term SOFR Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Refinancing Amendment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.27. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(b). 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Reinvestment Deferred Amount means with respect to any Reinvestment Event, the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds received by any Group Member in connection therewith that are not applied to prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b) as a result of the delivery of a Reinvestment Notice. 
 Reinvestment Event means any Asset Sale or Recovery Event in respect of which the Borrower has delivered a Reinvestment Notice. 
 Reinvestment Notice means a written notice executed by a Responsible Officer stating that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and that the Borrower (directly or indirectly through a Restricted Subsidiary) intends and expects to use all or a specified portion of the Net Cash Proceeds of an Asset Sale or Recovery Event to acquire or repair assets useful in its business. 
 Reinvestment Prepayment Amount means with respect to any Reinvestment Event, the Reinvestment Deferred Amount relating thereto less any amount expended prior to the relevant Reinvestment Prepayment Date to acquire or repair assets useful in the Borrower s business. 
 Reinvestment Prepayment Date means with respect to any Reinvestment Event, the earlier of (a) the date occurring 12 months after such Reinvestment Event (or if the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has contractually committed within 12 months after such Reinvestment Event to reinvest such Reinvestment Deferred Amount, the date occurring 18 months after 
 44 

such Reinvestment Event) and (b) the date on which the Borrower shall have determined not to, or shall have otherwise ceased to, acquire or repair assets useful in the Borrower s business with all or any portion of the relevant Reinvestment Deferred Amount. 
 Related Parties means with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or any successor thereto. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in dollars, Adjusted Term SOFR or (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Pension Plan, other than those events as to which notice is waived pursuant to DOL Reg. Section 4043 as in effect on the Closing Date (no matter how such notice requirement may be changed in the future). 
 Replacement Financing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.27. 
 Repricing Transaction means (a) any prepayment of any Term B-1 Loans with the proceeds of a widely syndicated term loan B facility incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of which the all-in yield is, on the date of such prepayment, lower than the all-in yield on the Term B-1 Loans (with the all-in yield calculated by the Administrative Agent in accordance with standard market practice, taking into account, in each case, any interest rate floors, the Applicable Margin hereunder and the interest rate spreads under such Indebtedness, and any original issue discount and upfront fees applicable to or payable in respect of such Term Loans and such Indebtedness with the original issue discount and upfront fees being equated to interest rate assuming a four-year life to maturity of such Indebtedness (but excluding arrangement, structuring, underwriting, commitment, amendment or other fees regardless of whether paid in whole or in part to any or all lenders of such Indebtedness and any other fees that are not paid generally to all lenders of such Indebtedness)) and (b) any amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification to this Agreement where the primary purpose is to reduce the all-in yield (calculated as set forth in clause (a) above) of any Term B-1 Loans. No Repricing Transaction shall be deemed to occur in connection with any Change of Control or Transformative Acquisition. 
 Required Lenders means at any time, the holders of more than 50 of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding. 
 Requirement of Law means as to any Person, the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 45 

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, director of financial reporting or treasurer of the Borrower, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer of the Borrower. 
 Restricted Debt Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.8(a). 
 Restricted Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 1.5. 
 Restricted Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than an Unrestricted 
 Subsidiary. 
 Rollover Term Lender means each Initial Term Lender with an Initial Term Loan that has consented to exchange such Initial Term Loan into a Term B-1 Loan, and that has been allocated such Term B-1 Loan by the Administrative Agent. 
 S&P has the meaning set forth in the definition of Cash Equivalents. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority. 
 Sanctions Provision has the meaning set forth in Section 1.5. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto and any analogous Governmental Authority. 
 Secured Parties means the collective reference to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and any other Person to which Obligations are owed. 
 Securities Account has the meaning set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York. 
 Security Agreement means the Term Loan Collateral Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed and delivered by the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, substantially in the form of Exhibit B. 
 46 

Security Documents means the collective reference to the Security Agreement, the Mortgages and all other security documents hereafter delivered to the Administrative Agent granting a Lien on any property of any Person to secure the obligations and liabilities of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 Sellers has the meaning set forth in the definition of Acquisition Agreement. 
 SOFR means , with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published as administered by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8 00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. . 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily 
 Simple SOFR . 
 SOF R Rate Day has the meaning specified in the defi nition of Daily Si mple SOFR . 
 Solvent means when used with respect to any Person, means that, as of any date of determination, (a) the fair value of the assets of such Person, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities on its debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (c) such Person will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, continent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured and (d) such Person will not have an unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is conducted as of such date of determination and proposed to be conducted following such date. 
 Specified Event of Default means any Event of Default under Section 8(a) or Section 
 8(f). 
 Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations means, with respect to any acquisition contemplated by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, the representations made by or on behalf of the proposed target of such acquisition in the documentation governing such acquisition (the Subject Acquisition Agreement that are material to the interests of the Lenders, but only to the extent that accuracy of any such representation is a condition to the obligations of the Borrower (or any Affiliate thereof) to close under the Subject Acquisition Agreement or the Borrower (or an Affiliate thereof) has the right (without regard to any notice requirement but giving effect to any applicable cure provisions) to terminate its obligations under the Subject Acquisition Agreement as a result of a breach of such representations in the Subject Acquisition Agreement. 
 Specified Representations means the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors set forth in Sections 4.3(a) and (c), 4.4(a), 4.5 (solely with respect to organizational or governing documents), 4.11, 4.14, 4.19, 4.20 and 4.24. 
 47 

Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D). Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Eurocurrency Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of any Group Member that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness under the ABL Credit Agreement shall not be considered Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 Subsidiary means as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means (a) each Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) and (b) each other Domestic Subsidiary that is an obligor under or guarantor in respect of the US Obligations (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) or any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement . 
 Swap Obligation means with respect to any Person, any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under any and all Swap Agreements, and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction. 
 Syndication Agent means the Syndication Agent identified on the cover page of this 
 Agreement. 
 Target means Erwin Hymer Group SE, a European stock corporation (Societas Europaea, SE) under the laws of the European Union. 
 48 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term B-1 Facilities means the credit facilities for the Term B-1 Loans described in Amendment No. 1. 
 Term B-1 Lender means a Lender with an outstanding Term B-1 Commitment or an outstanding Term B-1 Loan. 
 Term B-1 Loan means a Term B-1 USD Loan or a Term B-1 Euro Loan. 
 Term B-1 Commitment means, collectively, the Term B-1 USD Commitments and the Term B-1 Euro Commitments. 
 Term B-1 USD Commitment means as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make Term B-1 USD Loans in an aggregate principal not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Term B-1 USD Commitment opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1 to Amendment No. 1 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The aggregate Term B-1 USD Commitments on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date is 123,123,179.43. 
 Term B-1 USD Loans means the Term B-1 Loans denominated in Dollars made or deemed made pursuant to Amendment No. 1. As of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the total outstanding Term B-1 USD Loans are 941,900,349.35. 
 Term B-1 Euro Commitment means as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make Term B-1 Euro Loans in an aggregate principal not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Term B-1 Euro Commitment opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1 to Amendment No. 1 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The aggregate Term B-1 Euro Commitments on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date is 45,717,955.82. 
 Term B-1 Euro Loans means the Term B-1 Loans denominated in Euros made or deemed made pursuant to Amendment No. 1. As of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the total outstanding Term B-1 Euro Loans are 502,996,558.78. 
 Term B-1 Loan Percentage means, for any Term B-1 Lender, under any Facility at any time, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Term B-1 Loans under such Facility then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of the Term B-1 Loans of such Facility then outstanding. 
 Ter m Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the EURIBOR Screen Rate . 
 Term Benchmark Tranche means the collective reference to Term Benchmark Loans under a particular Facility relating to the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 
 49 

Term Facilities as defined in the definition of Facility. 
 Term Lenders means the collective reference to the Initial Term Lenders, the Term B-1 Lenders and the Incremental Term Lenders. 
 Term Loans means the collective reference to the Initial Term Loans, the Term B-1 Loans and the Incremental Term Loans. 
 Term Refinancing Facility has the meaning set forth in Section 2.27. 
 Term Refinancing Notes has the meaning set forth in Section 2.27. 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate . 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.16 that is not Term SOFR. Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securitie s Business Days prior to the commencement of such such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Ter m SOFR Re ference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Transaction Costs means (a) the purchase price in connection with the Acquisition,(b) the fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions and (c) the consummation of the Existing Indebtedness Refinancing. 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the Acquisition, (b) the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties of this Agreement, the borrowing of Loans hereunder and the use of proceeds thereof, (c) the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower 
 50 

and the other Loan Parties of the ABL Credit Agreement, the borrowing of ABL Loans thereunder and the use of proceeds thereof and (d) the Existing Indebtedness Refinancing. 
 Transferee means any Assignee or Participant. 
 Transformative Acquisition means any acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of an unrelated third party that is either (a) not permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition or (b) if permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition, would not provide the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries with adequate flexibility under the Loan Documents for the continuation and or expansion of their combined operations following such consummation. 
 Type means as to any Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan or a Eurocurrency Loan an Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Screen Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR . 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 United States means the United States of America. 
 Unrestricted Cash means unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents owned by any Group Member and not controlled by or subject to any Lien or other preferential arrangement in favor of any creditor (other than Liens created under the Security Documents or the ABL Security Documents and Liens of the type referred to in Section 7.3(u) or Section 7.3(x)). 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Borrower pursuant to Section 6.11 on or subsequent to the Closing Date and (b) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(f)(ii)(B). 
 Voluntary Prepayment Amount means as of any date, an amount equal to (a) the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all optional prepayments of Term Loans made after the Closing Date and prior to such date (excluding prepayments made with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness) less (b) the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Term Loans established prior to such date in reliance on the Voluntary Prepayment Amount less (c) the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Equivalent Debt established prior to such date in reliance on the Voluntary Prepayment Amount. 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary means as to any Person, any other Person all of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares required by law) is owned by such Person directly and or through other Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. 
 51 

Withdrawal Liability means any liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are used in sections 4203 and 4205, respectively, of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions . (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. 
 (b) As used herein and in the other Loan Documents, and any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, (i) accounting terms relating to any Group Member not defined in Section 1.1 and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.1, to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP provided that all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to (x) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (y) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof), (ii) the words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation , (iii) the word incur shall be construed to mean incur, create, issue, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist (and the words incurred and incurrence shall have correlative meanings), (iv) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, Capital Stock, securities, revenues, accounts, leasehold interests and contract rights, and (v) references to agreements or other Contractual Obligations shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements or Contractual Obligations as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 (c) The words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
 (d) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. 
 1.3 Conversion of Foreign Currencies . 
 (a) Consolidated Total Debt . Consolidated Total Debt denominated in any currency other than Dollars shall be calculated using the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of the date of the financial statements on which such amounts are reflected. 
 
 52 

(b) Dollar Equivalents . Without limiting the other terms of this Agreement, the calculations and determinations under this Agreement of any amount in any currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to refer to the Dollar Equivalent thereof, as the case may be. The Administrative Agent shall determine the Dollar Equivalent of any amount in accordance with the terms hereof, and a determination thereof by the Administrative Agent shall be presumptively correct absent manifest error. The Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, rely on any determination made by any Credit Party in any document delivered to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of Section 7 and the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio or financial test for purposes of taking any action hereunder, on any relevant date of determination, amounts denominated in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 6.1(a) or (b), as applicable, for the relevant fiscal period. 
 (c) Rounding Off . The Administrative Agent may set up appropriate rounding-off mechanisms or otherwise round off amounts hereunder to the nearest higher or lower amount in whole Dollars or cents to ensure amounts owing by any party hereunder or that otherwise need to be calculated or converted hereunder are expressed in whole Dollars or in whole cents, as may be necessary or appropriate. 
 (d) Indebtedness . For purposes of determining compliance with any Dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar Equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed or first incurred (whichever yields the lower Dollar Equivalent), in the case of revolving credit debt provided that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance, replace, renew or refund other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing, replacement, renewal or refunding would cause the applicable Dollar denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, replacement, renewal or refunding, such Dollar-denominated restriction will be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing, replacement, renewal or refunding Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced, replaced, renewed or refunded (plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, original issue discount, defeasance costs, fees, commissions and expenses in connection therewith). 
 1.4 Interest Rates LIBOR Notification. The interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate or the EURIBOR Screen Rate, as applicable, which is derived from the applicable interbank offered rate. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the IBA for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. As a result, it is possible that commencing in 2022, the London interbank offered rate may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed an appropriate reference rate upon which to determine the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate and, as and if applicable, other interbank offered rates. a Loan denominated in Dollars or Euro may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform . Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, Section 2.16(b) and (c) provide s the a mechanism for determining an 
 53 

alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to Section 2.16(e), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurocurency Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission , performance or any other matter related to the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of LIBO Rate or EURIBOR Screen Rate any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.16(b) or (c), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.16(d)), , including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBO Rate or the EURIBOR Screen Rate existing interest rate b eing r eplaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service . 
 1.5 Compliance with Anti-Boycott Laws. Each Lender may choose that any provision in this Agreement relating to the terms Sanctioned Country, Sanctioned Person, or Sanctions including Sections 4.24, 6.4, 7.17 and 7.18 (each hereinafter Sanctions Provision shall not be applicable to its benefit as far as the application of any Sanctions Provision would result in such Lender or any of its directors or employees being in violation of, conflict with, or having liability under Section 7 German Foreign Trade Ordinance Au enwirtschaftsverordnung ), Council Regulation (EC) No. 2271 96 or any other similar applicable anti-boycott laws (hereinafter Anti-Boycott Laws ). Each Lender which chooses such compliance with Anti-Boycott-Laws (each hereinafter Restricted Lender has to notify the Administrative Agent to this effect (who in turn shall inform the Borrower). 
 SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 
 2.1 Commitments . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Term Lender severally agrees to make term loans denominated in Dollars (the Initial USD Term Loans on the Closing Date to the Borrower in an amount equal to the amount of its Initial USD Term Commitment. The Initial USD Term Loans may from time to time be Eurocurrency Loans Ter m Benc hmark Loans (or, only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, Daily Simple SOFR Loans) or ABR Loans, as determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.12. 
 (b) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Term Lender severally agrees to make term loans denominated in Euros (the Initial Euro Term Loans on the Closing Date to the Borrower in an amount equal to the amount of its Initial Euro Term Commitment. The Initial Euro Term Loans shall be Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans. 
 54 

2.2 Procedure for Term Loan Borrowing . To borrow Term B-1 Loans on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice by submitting a Borrowing Request (which Borrowing Request must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to 12 00 Noon, New York City time, (a) three Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, or (b) one Business Day prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans), specifying (i) the amount, currency and Type of Term B-1 Loans to be borrowed, and (iii) in the case of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, the respective amounts of each such Type of Loan and the respective lengths of the initial Interest Period therefor. Each borrowing under the Commitments shall be in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of (x) in the case of ABR Loans, 1,000,000 or a whole multiple thereof and (y) in the case of Eurocurrency Ter m B enchmark Loans, 5,000,000 or 5,000,000, as applicable, or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 or 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Upon receipt of any Borrowing Request from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Term Lender thereof. Each Lender will make the amount of its Commitment available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Borrower at the applicable Funding Office prior to 12 00 Noon, New York City time, on the Borrowing Date requested by such Borrower in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent. 
 2.3 Repayment of Term Loans . (a) The Borrower shall repay (i) each Facility of Initial Term Loans on the first day of each August, November, February, May, beginning with May 1, 2019 and ending with the last such day to occur prior to the Maturity Date, in an aggregate principal amount for each such date (as such amount shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.17(b) hereof) equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Facility of Initial Term Loans outstanding on the Closing Date multiplied by 0.25 and (ii) each Facility of Term B-1 Loans on the first day of each August, November, February, May, beginning with May 1, 2021 and ending with the last such day to occur prior to the Maturity Date, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the amounts, if any, which would have been payable pursuant to Section 2.3(a) immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (as such amount shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.17(b) hereof). 
 (b) The Incremental Term Loans of each Incremental Term Lender shall mature in consecutive installments (which shall be no more frequent than quarterly) as specified in the Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice pursuant to which such Incremental Term Loans were made (as such amount shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.17(b)). 
 (c) To the extent not previously paid (i) all Initial Term Loans shall be paid on the Maturity Date, (ii) all Term B-1 Loans shall be paid on the Maturity Date and (iii) all Incremental Term Loans shall be paid on the Incremental Term Loan Maturity Date applicable thereto. 
 2.4 Reserved . 
 2.5 Reserved . 
 2.6 Reserved . 
 2.7 Reserved . 
 2.8 Fees, etc . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent the fees in the amounts and on the dates as set forth in any fee agreements with the Administrative Agent and to perform any other obligations contained therein. 
 2.9 Reserved . 
 55 

2.10 Optional Prepayments . (a) The Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay any Facility of the Loans, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty (subject to Section 2.10(b)), upon irrevocable notice delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than 12 00 Noon, New York City time, three Business Days prior thereto, in the case of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, and no later than 12 00 Noon, New York City time, one Business Day prior thereto, only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, in the case of a prepayment of a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, no later than 12 00 Noon, New York City time, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of prepayment or in the case of ABR Loans, which notice shall specify the Facility, date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment is of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans or ABR Loans provided , that if a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.20. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. If any such notice is given, the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid. Partial prepayments of Term Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 500,000 or 500,000, as applicable, and multiples of 250,000 or 250,000, respectively, in excess thereof. All optional prepayments of Term Loans denominated in Dollars in accordance with this Section 2.10 shall be made to the Type as directed by the Borrower in its prepayment notice, or in the absence thereof, first, to ABR Loans and second, to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans. 
 (b) All (i) prepayments of Term B-1 Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) or Section 2.11(a) effected on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date with the proceeds of a Repricing Transaction and (ii) amendments, amendments and restatements or other modifications of this Agreement on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date constituting Repricing Transactions shall, in each case, be accompanied by a fee payable to the Term B-1 Lenders in an amount equal to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term B-1 Loans so prepaid, in the case of a transaction described in clause (i) of this paragraph, or 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term B-1 Loans affected by such amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification (including any such Loans assigned in connection with the replacement of a Term B-1 Lender not consenting thereto), in the case of a transaction described in clause (ii) of this paragraph. Such fee shall be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Term B-1 Lenders in respect of the applicable Term B-1 Loans, on the date of such event. 
 2.11 Mandatory Prepayments and Commitment Reductions . (a) If any Indebtedness shall be incurred by any Group Member (excluding any Indebtedness permitted in accordance with Section 7.2), an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be applied on the date of such incurrence toward the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(d) provided that prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.11(a) shall be accompanied by any fees payable with respect thereto pursuant to Section 2.10(b). 
 (b) If on any date any Group Member shall receive Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale or Recovery Event then, unless a Reinvestment Notice shall be delivered in respect thereof, such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied within five Business Days after such date toward the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(d) provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, on each Reinvestment Prepayment Date, an amount equal to the Reinvestment Prepayment Amount with respect to the relevant Reinvestment Event shall be applied toward the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(d). 
 (c) If, for any fiscal year of the Borrower commencing with the first full fiscal year after the Closing Date, there shall be Excess Cash Flow, the Borrower shall, on the relevant 
 56 

Excess Cash Flow Application Date, apply toward the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(d) the excess of (x) the ECF Percentage of such Excess Cash Flow over (y) solely to the extent not funded with the proceeds of Indebtedness, the aggregate amount of all optional prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10, any Incremental Equivalent Debt (including any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness thereof), any Replacement Financing of the Term Loans (in each case to the extent such Indebtedness was secured on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing the Term Loans), any ABL Loans (including any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness thereof, in each case to the extent accompanied by a corresponding reduction in commitments) plus the aggregate amount of all Loan purchases pursuant to Section 2.25 and Section 10.6(e) provided that the aggregate amount of any such purchase shall be the amount of the Borrower s cash payment in respect of such purchase), in each case, made during such fiscal year or, at the Borrower s option, after fiscal year end and prior to the date such Excess Cash Flow payment is due (without counting such amounts against subsequent years Excess Cash Flow). Each such prepayment shall be made on a date (an Excess Cash Flow Application Date no later than five Business Days after the earlier of (i) the date on which the financial statements of the Borrower referred to in Section 6.1(a), for the fiscal year with respect to which such prepayment is made, are required to be delivered to the Lenders and (ii) the date such financial statements are actually delivered. 
 (d) Amounts to be applied in connection with prepayments made pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be applied to the prepayment of the Term Loans therein in accordance with Section 2.17(b). The application of any prepayment on Dollar Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be made first , to ABR Loans and, second , to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans. Each prepayment of the Loans under this Section 2.11 shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the amount prepaid. 
 (e) With respect to any prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.11 of Term B-1 Loans and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice, other Term Loans, any Term Lender, at its option, may elect not to accept such prepayment. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any event giving rise to a prepayment under this Section 2.11 at least three Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment that is required to be made under this Section 2.11. Any Lender may decline to accept all (but not less than all) of its share of any such prepayment (the Declined Amount by providing written notice to the Administrative Agent no later than two Business Days after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment. If the Lender does not give a notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such second Business Day informing the Administrative Agent that it declines to accept the applicable prepayment, then such Lender will be deemed to have accepted such prepayment. Such Lender s Declined Amount may be retained by the Borrower. 
 (f) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.11, to the extent any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale by a Foreign Subsidiary, the Net Cash Proceeds of any Recovery Event received by a Foreign Subsidiary or Excess Cash Flow attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries, are prohibited or delayed by any applicable local law (including financial assistance, corporate benefit restrictions on upstreaming of cash intra group and the fiduciary and statutory duties of the directors of such Foreign Subsidiary) from being repatriated or passed on to or used for the benefit of the Borrower or any applicable Domestic Subsidiary or if the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any such amount to the Borrower or any applicable Domestic Subsidiary would have material adverse tax consequences (including a material acceleration of the point in time when such earnings would otherwise be taxed) with respect to such amount, the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.11 but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary so long, but only 
 57 

so long, as the applicable local law will not permit repatriation or the passing on to or otherwise using for the benefit of the Borrower or the applicable Domestic Subsidiary, or the Borrower believes in good faith that such material adverse tax consequence would result, and once such repatriation of any of such affected Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow is permitted under the applicable local law or the Borrower determines in good faith such repatriation would no longer have such material adverse tax consequences, such repatriation will be promptly effected and such repatriated Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow will be promptly (and in any event not later than five Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional taxes payable or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof) to the prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11 provided that no such prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be required in the case of any such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow the repatriation of which the Borrower believes in good faith would result in material adverse tax consequences, if on or before the date on which such Net Cash Proceeds so retained would otherwise have been required to be applied to reinvestments or prepayments pursuant to a Reinvestment Notice (or such Excess Cash Flow would have been so required if it were Net Cash Proceeds), the Borrower applies an amount equal to the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow to such reinvestments or prepayments as if such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow had been received by the Borrower rather than such Foreign Subsidiary, less the amount of additional taxes that would have been payable or reserved against if such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow had been repatriated (or, if less, the Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow that would be calculated if received by such Foreign Subsidiary). 
 2.12 Conversion and Continuation Options . (a) The Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars to ABR Loans by giving the Administrative Agent prior irrevocable notice of such election by submitting an Interest Election Request no later than 12 00 Noon, New York City time, on the Business Day preceding the proposed conversion date, provided that any such conversion of Eurocurrency Ter m B enchmark Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. The Borrower may elect from time to time to convert ABR Loans to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans by giving the Administrative Agent prior irrevocable notice of such election by submitting an Interest Election Request no later than 12 00 Noon, New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding the proposed conversion date (which Interest Election Request shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period therefor), provided that no ABR Loan under a particular Facility may be converted into a Eurocurrency Ter m B enchmark Loan when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent or the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of such Facility have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such conversions. Upon receipt of any such Interest Election Request the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. 
 (b) Any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the Borrower giving irrevocable notice by submitting an Interest Election Request to the Administrative Agent, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the term Interest Period set forth in Section 1.1, of the length of the next Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans, provided that no Eurocurrency Term Be nchmark Loan under a particular Facility may be continued as such (i) when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent has or the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of such Facility have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such continuations or (ii) if an Event of Default specified in clause (i) or (ii) of Section 8(f) with respect to the Borrower is in existence, and provided , further , that if the Borrower shall fail to give any required Interest Election Request as described above in this paragraph or if such continuation is not permitted pursuant to the preceding proviso such Loans shall, in the case of Loans Denominated in Dollars, be automatically converted to ABR Loans on the last day of such then expiring Interest Period and in the case of Loan D d enominated in 
 58 

Euro, automatically continued as Eurocurrency EURIBO R R ate Loans with a one month Interest Period. Upon receipt of any such Interest Election Request the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. 
 2.13 Limitations on Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Tranches . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all borrowings, conversions and continuations of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans and all selections of Interest Periods shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so that, (a) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of the Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Tranche shall be equal to 5,000,000 or 5,000,000, as applicable or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 or 1,000,000, as applicable, in excess thereof and (b) no more than 10 Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Tranches shall be outstanding at any one time. 
 2.14 Interest Rates and Payment Dates . (a) Each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate or the EURIBOR Screen Rate, as applicable, determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (b) Each ABR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the ABR plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (c) (i) If all or a portion of the principal amount of any Loan shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section plus 2 , and (ii) if all or a portion of any interest payable on any Loan or other amount payable hereunder shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate then applicable to ABR Loans under the relevant Facility (or if not denominated in Dollars, such rate as would be then applicable to Loans that are Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans denominated in the applicable currency with a one month Interest Period) plus 2 (or, in the case of any such other amounts that do not relate to a particular Facility, the rate then applicable to ABR Loans under the Term Facility plus 2 ), in each case, with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) above, from the date of such non-payment until such amount is paid in full (as well after as before judgment). 
 (d) Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, provided that interest accruing pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable from time to time on demand. 
 2.15 Computation of Interest and Fees . (a) Interest and fees payable pursuant hereto shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed, except that, with respect to ABR Loans the rate of interest on which is calculated on the basis of the Prime Rate, the interest thereon shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366-, as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day, but excluding the last day provided that if a Loan is repaid on the same day on which it is made, one day s interest shall be paid on such Loan). The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders of each determination of a Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate or an EURIBOR Screen Rate. Any change in the interest rate on a Loan resulting from a change in the ABR or the reserve requirements shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change becomes effective. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders of the effective date and the amount of each such change in interest rate. 
 
 59 

(b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error. The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Borrower, deliver to the Borrower a statement showing the quotations used by the Administrative Agent in determining any interest rate pursuant to Section 2.14(a). 
 2.16 Inability to Determine Interest Rate . (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) , and (f) and (g) of this Section 2.16, if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Borrowing 
 i. the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBO Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, for a Loan for such Interest Period provided that no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred at such time or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or 
 ii. the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of the relevant Facility that the LIBO Rate or (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate , as applicable, for a Loan for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders as conclusively certified by such or Lender s of making or maintaining their affected Loans during (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period , or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing, then the Administrative Agent shall give facsimile or e-mail notice thereof to the Borrower and the relevant Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as soon as practicable thereafter. If such notice is given (x) (1) any Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars under the relevant Facility requested to be made on the first day of such Interest Period , including any request for a conversion or continuation of a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall be made as ABR Loans or (2) any Eurocurrency Loans that are not (A) a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing denominated in dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for Borrowings denominated in dollars is not also the subject of Section 2.16(a)(i) or (ii) above or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for Borrowings denominated in dollars also is the subject of Section 2.16(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests a SOFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing or (y) Loans denominated in Dollars, Euro shall be a Borrowing at the Alternate Rate , (y) any Loans denominated in Dollars under the relevant Facility that were to have been converted on the first day of such Interest Period to Eurocurrency Loans shall be continued as ABR Loans and (z) (1) any outstanding Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars under the relevant Facility shall be converted, plus the Applicable Margin for ABR Borrowings. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan, Daily Simple SOFR Loan or EURIBOR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.16(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.12 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02, (1) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the then-current Interest Period , to ABR Loans and (2) any outstanding Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars under the relevant Facility shall be converted, on the last day of the then-current Interest Period, to the Alternate 
 60 

Rate. Until such notice has been withdrawn by the Administrative Agent (which notification shall be made promptly after the Administrative Agent obtains knowledge of the cessation of the circumstances referenced in clause (i) or receives notice from the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of the relevant Facility of the cessation of the circumstances referenced in clause (ii) above), no further Eurocurrency Loans under the relevant Facility shall be made or continued as such, nor shall the Borrower have the right to convert Loans under the relevant Facility to Eurocurrency Loans. applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to , and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing dollars is not also the subject of Section 2.16(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for Borrowings denominated in dollars also is the subject of Section 2.16(a)(i) or (ii) such Loans shall be at the Alternate Rate plus the Applicable Margin for ABR Borrowings. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause 3 2 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of each applicable Facility. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. 
 d c In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document , the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 e d The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event , a Term SOFR Transition Event or an 
 
 61 

Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.16, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.16. 
 f e Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR or LIBO Rat e or the EURI BOR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 g f Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. 
 2.17 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments . (a) Each borrowing by the Borrower from (i) the Initial Term Lenders under a Facility hereunder shall be made pro rata according to the Initial Term Percentage of the Initial Term Lenders under such Facility and (ii) the Term B-1 Lenders under a Facility hereunder shall be made pro rata according to the Term B-1 Loan Percentage of the Term B-1 Lenders under such Facility. 
 (b) With respect to any Facility, each payment (including each prepayment under this Agreement) by the Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Term Loans of such Facility shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Term Loans of such Facility then held by the Term Lenders (except as otherwise provided in Section 2.11(e)). The amount of each principal prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11 shall be applied to reduce the Term B-1 Loans and Incremental Term Loans on a pro rata basis based upon the respective then remaining principal amounts thereof (unless any Incremental Term Lenders have agreed to less than 
 62 

pro rata prepayments) and shall be applied within each Facility to the then remaining installments thereof as directed by the Borrower (or if not so directed, to the then remaining installments thereof in direct order of maturity). Amounts repaid (including amounts pursuant to Section 2.11) and prepaid on account of the Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 
 (c) Reserved . 
 (d) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrower hereunder, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise, shall be made without setoff or counterclaim and shall be made prior to 2 00 P.M., New York City time, on the due date thereof to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the Funding Office, in Dollars (provided payments of principal and interest in respect of Loans denominated in Euro shall be in Euro) and in immediately available funds. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to each relevant Lender promptly upon receipt in like funds as received, net of any amounts owing by such Lender pursuant to Section 9.7. If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a Eurocurrency Ter m B enchmark Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the case of any extension of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding two sentences, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. 
 (e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to a borrowing that such Lender will not make the amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender is making such amount available to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such amount is not made available to the Administrative Agent by the required time on the Borrowing Date therefor, such Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent, on demand, such amount with interest thereon, at a rate equal to the greater of (i) in the case of Loans in Dollars, the NYFRB and in the case of Loans in Euro, a customary rate determined by the Administrative Agent and (ii) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, for the period until such Lender makes such amount immediately available to the Administrative Agent. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this paragraph shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. If such Lender s share of such borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender within three Business Days after such Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum applicable to, in the case of Dollar denominated Loans, ABR Loans and in the case of Euro denominated Loans, a customary rate determined by the Administrative Agent, under the relevant Facility, on demand, from the Borrower. 
 (f) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by the Borrower prior to the date of any payment due to be made by the Borrower hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower is making such payment, and the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be required to, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Lenders their respective pro rata shares of a corresponding amount. If such payment is not made to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower within three Business Days after such due date, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover, on demand, from each Lender to which any amount which was made available pursuant to the 
 63 

preceding sentence, such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum equal to the daily average NYFRB (or for Loans denominated in Euro, a customary rate determined by the Administrative Agent). Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against the Borrower. 
 (g) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.17(e), 2.17(f), 2.19(e) or 9.7, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender for the benefit of the Administrative Agent to satisfy such Lender s obligations to it under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid, and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 2.18 Requirements of Law . (a) If the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation, administration, implementation or application thereof or compliance by any Lender or other Credit Party with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority, in each case made or occurring subsequent to the Closing Date 
 (i) shall subject any Credit Party to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 (ii) shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances, loans or other extensions of credit (or participations therein) by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Lender that is not otherwise included in the determination of the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate or EURIBOR Screen Rate or 
 (iii) shall impose on such Lender any other condition (other than Taxes) 
 and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Credit Party, by an amount that such Lender or other Credit Party deems to be material, of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining Loans, or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder in respect thereof, then, in any such case, the Borrower shall promptly pay such Lender or such other Credit Party, upon its demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such other Credit Party for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable. If any Lender or such other Credit Party becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this paragraph, it shall promptly notify the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled and provide reasonable supporting detail. 
 (b) If any Lender shall have determined that the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements or in the interpretation, administration, implementation or application thereof or compliance by such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender with any request or directive regarding capital or liquidity requirements (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority made subsequent to the Closing Date shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such corporation s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or such corporation could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Lender s or such corporation s policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount 
 64 

deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time, after submission by such Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of a written request therefor with reasonable supporting detail, the Borrower shall, subject to clauses (d) and (e) below, pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such corporation for such reduction. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or by United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, and (ii) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, shall in each case be deemed to be a change in law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 (d) A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any amounts incurred more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor provided that, if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect. The obligations of the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.18 to the contrary, no Lender shall be entitled to receive any compensation pursuant to this Section 2.18 unless it shall be the general policy or practice of such Lender to seek compensation from other similarly situated borrowers in the U.S. syndicated loan market with respect to its similarly affected loans under agreements with such borrowers having provisions similar to this Section 2.18. 
 2.19 Taxes . 
 (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that, after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.19), the amounts received with respect to this agreement equal the sum which would have been received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b) The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it (for its own account and on behalf of any other Credit Party, as applicable) for, Other Taxes. 
 (c) As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.19, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority 
 65 

evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Without duplication of payments made pursuant to Section 2.19(a) above, the Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Credit Party, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes payable or paid by such Credit Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Credit Party and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.6(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (f) (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.19(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable 
 66 

request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or 
 (4) to the extent a Non-U.S. Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Non-U.S. Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Non-U.S. Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Non-U.S. Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or 
 67 

a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) On the date of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall (and any successor or replacement Administrative Agent) shall on or before the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent hereunder) deliver to the Borrower two duly executed originals of either (i) IRS Form W-9 or (ii) IRS Form W-8ECI (with respect to any payments to be received on its own behalf) and IRS Form W-8IMY (for all other payments), establishing that it is a U.S. branch that has agreed to be treated as a U.S. Person for United States federal withholding Tax purposes with respect to payments received by it from the Borrower s for the account of others under the Loan Documents. 
 (h) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.19 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.19), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 2.19 shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 68 

(i) Each party s obligations under this Section 2.19 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 2.20 Indemnity (a) . The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender for, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss or expense that such Lender sustains or incurs as a consequence of (a) default by the Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans after the Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) default by the Borrower in making any prepayment of or conversion from Eurocurrency Ter m B enchmark Loans after the Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or (c) the making of a prepayment of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans on a day that is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Such indemnification may include an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amount so prepaid, or not so borrowed, converted or continued, for the period from the date of such prepayment or of such failure to borrow, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicable rate of interest for such Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the Applicable Margin included therein, if any) over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) that would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the interbank eurodolla r applicable funding market. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted to the Borrower by any Lender shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder for nine months. 
 (b) with respect to Daily Simple SOFR Loans (only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16), in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of such Daily Simple SOFR Loans other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay such Daily Simple SOFR Loans on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto, (iii) the assignment of any Daily Simple SOFR Loans other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.22, then, in nany such event,the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 2.21 Change of Lending Office . Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.18 or 2.19(a) with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending office for any Loans affected by such event or to assign and delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event provided , that such designation or assignment is made on terms that, in the sole judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its lending offices to suffer no material economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided , further , that nothing in this Section shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19(a). 
 69 

2.22 Replacement of Lenders . The Borrower shall be permitted to replace any Lender that (a) requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19(a) or (b) does not consent to any proposed amendment, supplement, modification, consent or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that requires the consent of each of the Lenders or each of the Lenders affected thereby (so long as the consent of the Required Lenders has been obtained), with a replacement financial institution provided that (i) such replacement does not conflict with any Requirement of Law, (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, (iii) prior to any such replacement, such Lender shall have taken no action under Section 2.21 so as to eliminate the continued need for payment of amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19(a), (iv) the replacement financial institution shall purchase, at par, all Loans and other amounts owing to such replaced Lender on or prior to the date of replacement, (v) the Borrower shall be liable to such replaced Lender under Section 2.20 if any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan owing to such replaced Lender shall be purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto or any Daily Simple SOFR Loan (only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16) owing to such replaced Lender shall be purchased other than on the latest day of the Interest Payment Date relating thereto, (vi) the replacement financial institution shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (vii) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6 (provided that the Borrower shall be obligated to pay the registration and processing fee referred to therein), (viii) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the Borrower shall pay all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19(a), as the case may be, and (ix) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the replaced Lender. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee, and that the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective. 
 2.23 Reserved . 
 2.24 Incremental Facilities . (a) The Borrower and any one or more Lenders (including New Lenders) may from time to time agree that such Lenders shall make, obtain or increase the amount of their Incremental Term Loans (which may be effected by increasing the amount of any then existing Facility) by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent an Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice specifying (v) the amount of such Incremental Term Loans, (w) the applicable Incremental Term Loan Closing Date (which shall be a date not less than 10 Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent (or such earlier date as shall be agreed by the Administrative Agent)), (x) the applicable Incremental Term Loan Maturity Date, (y) the amortization schedule for such Incremental Term Loans and (z) the Applicable Margin for such Incremental Term Loans provided , that (i) the aggregate amount of all Incremental Term Loans established on any date shall not exceed (x) an amount equal to the Base Incremental Amount on such date, (y) an additional amount equal to the Voluntary Prepayment Amount on such date and (z) an additional amount subject to the Maximum Incremental Amount as of such date (it being understood that (A) the Borrower shall be deemed to have utilized amounts under clause (z) above prior to utilization of amounts under clauses (x) or (y) above and (B) the proceeds from any incurrence under such clauses may be utilized in a single transaction by first calculating the incurrence under clause (z) above and then calculating the incurrence under clauses (x) and or (y) above), (ii) each Incremental Term Facility shall be in a minimum aggregate principal amount of 25,000,000 (or 25,000,000), (iii) the Incremental Term Loans in respect of any Incremental Term Facility and all obligations in respect thereof shall be Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are (A) guaranteed on a pari passu basis with all of the other Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (B) secured by the Collateral (and no other property) and the Liens on the Collateral securing such Incremental Term Loans and all other 
 70 

obligations in respect thereof shall be pari passu with the Liens on the Collateral securing all of the other Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (iv) the Incremental Term Loans in respect of any Incremental Term Facility will be entitled to prepayments on the same basis as the Term B-1 Loans unless the applicable Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice specifies a lesser treatment, (v) such Incremental Term Loans shall have a final maturity no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date (determined immediately prior to incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans), (vi) the weighted average life to maturity of such Incremental Term Facility shall be no shorter than that of any existing Term Loans (except if required in order to make such Incremental Term Loans fungible with any outstanding Term Loans), (vii) the all-in-yield (whether in the form of interest rate margins, original issue discount, upfront fees or interest rate floors) and (subject to clauses (v) and (vi) above) amortization schedule applicable to such Incremental Term Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Incremental Term Facility, provided that , in the event that the all-in-yield for any Incremental Term Facility shall be more than 50 basis points higher than the corresponding all-in-yield for (x) the then existing Term B-1 USD Loans, in the case of Incremental Term Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) the then existing Term B-1 Euro Loans, in the case of Incremental Term Loans denominated in Euros, in each case, as determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with standard market practices (after giving effect to interest rate margins, original issue discount, upfront fees or interest rate floors), then the all-in-yield with respect to the applicable outstanding Term B-1 Loans shall be increased to the amount necessary so that the difference between the all-in-yield with respect to the Incremental Term Facility and the all-in-yield on such outstanding Term B-1 Loans is equal to 50 basis points and (viii) to the extent that (subject to clauses (iv) through (vii) above) the terms of any Incremental Term Facility are not consistent with the terms of the Term Facility, they shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or, if such terms are more favorable to the holders of such Incremental Term Facility, an equivalent amendment shall be made to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the existing Facilities (provided that if such amendment is required, and it benefits such Facilities, it shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), and such amendment may be implemented by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, without the consent of any other parties hereto. No Lender shall have any obligation to participate in any increase described in this paragraph unless it agrees to do so in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Any additional bank, financial institution or other entity which, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), elects to become a Lender under this Agreement in connection with any transaction described in Section 2.24(a) shall execute a New Lender Supplement (each, a New Lender Supplement ), substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2, whereupon such bank, financial institution or other entity (a New Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes and to the same extent as if originally a party hereto and shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement. 
 (c) Each Incremental Term Loan Activation Notice may, without the consent of any Lender (other than the applicable Incremental Term Lenders) effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section 2.24 (including any amendments that are beneficial to a particular Facility to ensure fungibility of that Facility with the applicable Incremental Term Facility). This Section shall supersede any provision of Section 10.1 to the contrary. 
 (d) The availability of the Incremental Commitments will be subject to the following conditions (i) no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the making of such Incremental Term Loans, (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in each Loan Document (or, in the case of any Incremental Acquisition Term Facility, if agreed by the lenders thereof, the Specified Representations and the 
 71 

Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations) shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Incremental Term Loan Closing Date immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the making of such Incremental Term Loans, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case they shall be so true and correct as of such earlier date and (iii) the Borrower shall have delivered such legal opinions, board resolutions, secretary s certificate, officer s certificate and other documents as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Incremental Term Facility. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the case of an Incremental Acquisition Term Facility to be incurred under the Maximum Incremental Amount (including in respect of Incremental Equivalent Debt), at the option of the Borrower, (i) the date of determination of whether an incurrence is permitted under the Maximum Incremental Amount shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for the relevant Permitted Acquisition, acquisition or investment are entered into (the LCA Test Date ), and if, after giving pro forma effect to such transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including assuming the full incurrence of such Incremental Acquisition Term Facility), the Borrower would have been permitted to incur such Incremental Acquisition Term Facility under the Maximum Incremental Amount in compliance with the applicable ratio tests on such LCA Test Date, such ratio tests shall be deemed to have been complied with. 
 2.25 Loan Purchases . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth or referred to below, a Purchasing Borrower Party may from time to time, in its discretion, conduct modified Dutch auctions to make Auction Purchase Offers, each such Auction Purchase Offer to be managed by an investment bank of recognized standing selected by the Borrower following consultation with the Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Auction Manager and to be conducted in accordance with the procedures, terms and conditions set forth in this Section 2.25 and the Auction Procedures, in each case, so long as the following conditions are satisfied 
 (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of purchase of any Term Loans or on the date of the delivery of each Auction Notice 
 (ii) the assigning Lender and the Purchasing Borrower Party shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption 
 (iii) the maximum principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of Term Loans that the Purchasing Borrower Party offers to purchase in any Auction Purchase Offer shall be no less than 10,000,000 or 10,000,000 (unless another amount is agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) 
 (iv) any Term Loans assigned to any Purchasing Borrower Party shall be automatically and permanently cancelled upon the effectiveness of such assignment and will thereafter no longer be outstanding for any purpose hereunder, and such Term Loans may not be resold (it being understood and agreed that any gains or losses by any Purchasing Borrower Party upon purchase or acquisition and cancellation of such Term Loans shall not be taken into account in the calculation of Excess Cash Flow, Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA) 
 (v) no more than one Auction Purchase Offer with respect to any Facility may be ongoing at any one time and no more than four Auction Purchase Offers (regardless of Facility) may be made in any one year 
 (vi) at the time of each purchase of Term Loans through an Auction Purchase Offer, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Auction Manager a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying as to compliance with the preceding clause (i) 
 72 

(vii) no Purchasing Borrower Party may use the proceeds, directly or indirectly, from ABL Loans to purchase any Term Loans and 
 (viii) each Auction Purchase Officer shall be made to all Lenders of the applicable Facility subject to such Auction Purchase Offer. 
 (b) A Purchasing Borrower Party must terminate any Auction Purchase Offer if it fails to satisfy one or more of the conditions set forth above which are required to be met at the time which otherwise would have been the time of purchase of Term Loans pursuant to such Auction Purchase Offer. If a Purchasing Borrower Party commences any Auction Purchase Offer (and all relevant requirements set forth above which are required to be satisfied at the time of the commencement of such Auction Purchase Offer have in fact been satisfied), and if at such time of commencement the Purchasing Borrower Party reasonably believes that all required conditions set forth above which are required to be satisfied at the time of the consummation of such Auction Purchase Offer shall be satisfied, then the Purchasing Borrower Party shall have no liability to any Lender for any termination of such Auction Purchase Offer as a result of the failure to satisfy one or more of the conditions set forth above which are required to be met at the time which otherwise would have been the time of consummation of such Auction Purchase Offer, and any such failure shall not result in any Default or Event of Default hereunder. With respect to all purchases of Term Loans of any Facility made by a Purchasing Borrower Party pursuant to this Section 2.25, the Purchasing Borrower Party shall pay on the settlement date of each such purchase all accrued and unpaid interest (except to the extent otherwise set forth in the relevant offering documents), if any, on the purchased Term Loans of the applicable Facility up to the settlement date of such purchase. 
 The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the Auction Purchase Offers and the other transactions effected pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.25 (provided that no Lender shall have an obligation to participate in any such Auction Purchase Offer). For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that the provisions of Section 2.17 will not apply to the purchases of Term Loans pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.25. The Auction Manager acting in its capacity as such hereunder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of Article VIII and Article IX to the same extent as if each reference therein to the Administrative Agent were a reference to the Auction Manager, and the Administrative Agent shall cooperate with the Auction Manager as reasonably requested by the Auction Manager in order to enable it to perform its responsibilities and duties in connection with each Auction Purchase Offer. 
 2.26 Loan Modification Offers . (a) The Borrower may on one or more occasions after the Closing Date, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, make one or more offers (each, a Loan Modification Offer to all (and not fewer than all) the Lenders of one or more Facilities (each Facility subject to such a Loan Modification Offer, an Affected Facility to make one or more Permitted Amendments pursuant to procedures reasonably specified by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. Such notice shall set forth (i) the terms and conditions of the requested Loan Modification Offer and (ii) the date on which such Loan Modification Offer is requested to become effective. Permitted Amendments shall become effective only with respect to the Loans of the Lenders of the Affected Facility that accept the applicable Loan Modification Offer (such Lenders, the Accepting Lenders and, in the case of any Accepting Lender, only with respect to such Lender s Loans and Commitments of such Affected Facility as to which such Lender s acceptance has been made. With respect to all Permitted Amendments consummated by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.26, (i) such Permitted Amendments shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.11 and (ii) any Loan Modification Offer, unless contemplating a scheduled maturity date already in effect with respect to any Loans hereunder pursuant to a previously consummated 
 73 

Permitted Amendment, must be in a minimum amount of 25,000,000 or 25,000,000 (or such lesser amount as may be approved by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) provided that the Borrower may at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to consummating any such Permitted Amendment that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Loan Modification Offer in the Borrower s sole discretion and which may be waived by the Borrower) of Loans of any or all Affected Facilities be extended. If the aggregate principal amount of Loans of any Affected Facility in respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Loan Modification Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Loans of such Affected Facility offered to be extended by the Borrower pursuant to such Loan Modification Offer, then the Loans of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the relative principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Loan Modification Offer. 
 (b) A Permitted Amendment shall be effected pursuant to a Loan Modification Agreement executed and delivered by the Borrower, each Accepting Lender and the Administrative Agent provided that no Permitted Amendment shall become effective unless (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of effectiveness thereof, (ii) on the date of effectiveness thereof, the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or if qualified by materiality, in all respects), in each case on and as of such date, except in the case of any such representation and warranty expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and correct on and as of such earlier date, (iii) the Borrower shall have delivered, or agreed to deliver by a date following the effectiveness of such Permitted Amendment reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, to the Administrative Agent such legal opinions, board resolutions, secretary s certificates, officer s certificates and other documents (including reaffirmation agreements, supplements and or amendments to Mortgages or other Security Documents, in each case to the extent applicable) as shall reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith and (iv) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied (unless waived by the Borrower). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Loan Modification Agreement. Each Loan Modification Agreement may, without the consent of any Lender other than the applicable Accepting Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section 2.26, including any amendments necessary to treat the applicable Loans of the Accepting Lenders as a new Facility of loans hereunder (and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such amendments) provided that (i) all prepayments of Loans (i.e., both extended and non-extended) shall continue to be made on a ratable basis among all Lenders, based on the relative amounts of their Loans unless a Permitted Amendment provides for lesser treatment of the Loans of the Accepting Lenders, until the repayment of the non-extended Loans on the relevant scheduled maturity date in respect thereof. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby acknowledge that in respect of payments on non-extended Loans on the scheduled maturity date in respect thereof the pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement are not intended to apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this Section 2.26. This Section 2.26 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.17 or Section 10.1 to the contrary. 
 2.27 Refinancing Facilities . 
 (a) The Borrower may, subject to the terms hereof, at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date, enter into an amendment (a Refinancing Amendment to effect a refinancing or replacement of all or any portion of the Term Loans. Each such refinancing or replacement may, at the Borrower s option, be in the form of one or more series of senior secured loans or notes (each 
 74 

of which may be secured by the Collateral on a pari passu or junior basis to the Obligations), or with one or more series of unsecured loans or notes (collectively, the Replacement Financing , and if in the form of loans a Term Refinancing Facility and if in the form of notes Term Refinancing Notes provided that (i) no such Term Refinancing Facility or Term Refinancing Notes may mature prior to the maturity date of, or have a shorter weighted average life to maturity than, the Term Loans being refinanced (ii) no Term Refinancing Facility or Term Refinancing Notes may have an obligor that is not an obligor in respect of the Term Loans (iii) to the extent secured, (A) no Term Refinancing Facility or Term Refinancing Notes may be secured by any assets that do not constitute Collateral and (B) such Term Refinancing Facility or Term Refinancing Notes shall be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement (and, as applicable) such additional intercreditor agreements as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (iv) as reasonably determined by the Borrower, the other terms and conditions of such Term Refinancing Facility or Term Refinancing Notes (excluding pricing and optional prepayment or redemption terms) must be substantially identical to, or not materially more favorable (taken as a whole) to the lenders or holders providing such Term Refinancing Facility or Term Refinancing Notes, as applicable, than those applicable to the Term Loans being refinanced are to the Term Lenders (except for covenants and other provisions applicable only to periods after the latest final maturity date of the Term Loans existing at the time of such refinancing) or must otherwise be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or, if such terms are more favorable to the holders of such Term Refinancing Facility, an equivalent amendment shall be made to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the existing Term Loans (provided that if such amendment is required and benefits the Term Loans, then it shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) (v) the amount of such Term Refinancing Facility or Term Refinancing Notes will be in an amount not in excess of the amount of loans and commitments refinanced plus fees, expenses and premiums payable in connection therewith and (vi) the proceeds of such Term Refinancing Facility or Term Refinancing Notes shall be applied, substantially concurrently with the incurrence thereof, to the pro rata prepayment of outstanding Loans in respect of the applicable Term Loans being so refinanced and provided further that in no event shall Term Refinancing Facility or Term Refinancing Notes be permitted to be voluntarily or mandatorily prepaid prior to the repayment in full of all then existing Term Loans, unless accompanied by a ratable prepayment of the Term Loans. 
 (b) For the avoidance of doubt, no Lender is obligated to participate in such Replacement Financing and a Replacement Financing in the form of notes or of junior lien or unsecured loans shall be documented separately from the Loan Documentation as agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to (a) each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to the Loan Documents being true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if qualified by materiality) on and as of the date of the Refinancing Amendment as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been so true and correct as of such earlier date, (b) there being no Event of default in existence at the time of, or after giving effect to the making of, such Refinancing Facilities and (c) to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of legal opinions, board resolutions, officers certificates and or reaffirmation agreements consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date under Section 5.01 (other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsel s form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (including Section 9.02), the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may enter into amendments to the Loan Documentation without the consent of any other parties hereto to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20, including without limitation, amendments to this Agreement to permit any Replacement Financing under the terms of the Loans Documents. Each Refinancing Agreement may, without the consent of any Lender, effect such 
 75 

amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section 2.27, including any amendments necessary to treat applicable Loans under a Refinancing Facility as a new Facility of loans hereunder (and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such amendments). This Section 2.27 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.17 or Section 10.1 to the contrary. 
 SECTION 3. RESERVED 
 SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that 
 4.1 Financial Condition . (a) The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet and related pro forma combined statement of income (including the notes thereto) combining (i) the consolidated balance sheet and related statement of income of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its consolidated Subsidiaries) as of and for the 12 months ended July 31, 2018 and (ii) the consolidated balance sheet and related statement of income of Target and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the 12 months ended August 31, 2018, and which is subject to certain adjustments (the Pro Forma Financial Statements ), copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, have been prepared giving effect (as if such events had occurred on such date (in the case of the balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period (in the case of the statement of income)) to the consummation of the Transactions and the payment of fees and expenses in connection therewith. The Pro Forma Financial Statements have been prepared based on the best information available to the Borrower as of the date of delivery thereof, and present fairly in all material respects and on a Pro Forma Basis the estimated financial condition and results of operations of Borrower and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries as of and for the 12 months ended at July 31, 2018, assuming that the events specified in the preceding sentence had actually occurred at such date or at the beginning of such period, as applicable. 
 (b) The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its Subsidiaries) as at July 31, 2016, July 31, 2017 and July 31, 2018, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal years ended on such dates, reported on by and accompanied by an unqualified report from Deloitte & Touche LLP, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its Subsidiaries) as at such date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the respective fiscal years then ended. The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at October 31, 2018, and the related unaudited consolidated statement of income, stockholders equity and cash flow for the three-month period ended on each such date, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such dates, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flow for the three-month period then ended (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by the aforementioned firm of accountants and disclosed therein). 
 (c) To the knowledge of the Borrower, the audited consolidated financial statements of each of Erwin Hymer Group AG & Co. KG and Erwin Hymer Verm gensverwaltungs AG, 
 76 

for each of the fiscal years ending on August 31, 2017 and August 31, 2016 (each including a statement of financial position Bilanz ), a statement of profit or loss Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung ), a statement of comprehensive income Gesamtergebnisrechnung ), a statement of cash flows Kapitalflussrechnung ), a statement of changes in owner's equity Entwicklung des Eigenkapitals ), notes Anhang ), based on the circumstances actually known positive bekannt by the management of Erwin Hymer Group AG & Co. KG or Erwin Hymer Verm gensverwaltungs AG, respectively, at the time of the preparation Aufstellung of the relevant consolidated financial statements, have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315a German Commercial Code HGB as consistently applied (except as disclosed therein) and have been audited and have received an unqualified audit opinion by Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftspr fungsgesellschaft. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the unaudited consolidated financial statements of each of Erwin Hymer Group AG & Co. KG and Erwin Hymer Verm gensverwaltungs AG, for the nine months ending May 31, 2018 (each including a statement of financial position Bilanz ), a statement of profit or loss Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung ), a statement of comprehensive income Gesamtergebnisrechnung ), a statement of cash flows Kapitalflussrechnung ), a statement of changes in owner's equity Entwicklung des Eigenkapitals ), based on the circumstances actually known positive bekannt by the management of Erwin Hymer Group AG & Co. KG or Erwin Hymer Verm gensverwaltungs AG, respectively, at the time of the preparation Aufstellung of the relevant consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as consistently applied (except as disclosed therein), except that the interim financial statements are subject to year-end adjustments and are lacking footnote disclosures. 
 (d) Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.1(d), as of the Closing Date, no Group Member (other than the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries), and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, neither Target nor its Restricted Subsidiaries, has any material Guarantee Obligations, contingent liabilities and liabilities for taxes, or any long-term leases or unusual forward or long-term commitments, including any interest rate or foreign currency swap or exchange transaction or other obligation in respect of derivatives, that are required by GAAP or IFRS, as applicable, to be reflected on a balance sheet or in the notes thereto and that are not reflected in the most recent financial statements referred to in clauses (b) and (c) above. 
 4.2 No Change . Since July 31, 2018, there has been no development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.3 Existence Compliance with Law . Each Group Member (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has the corporate or similar organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to own and operate its property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other organization and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law except to the extent that the failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.4 Power Authorization Enforceable Obligations . (a) Each Loan Party has the corporate or similar organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to obtain extensions of credit hereunder. Each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or similar organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to authorize the extensions of credit on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each 
 77 

Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document upon execution will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 
 (b) No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in connection with the Acquisition and the extensions of credit hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except (i) consents, authorizations, filings and notices that have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) the filings referred to in Section 4.19 and (iii) the consents, authorizations, filings and notices set forth in Schedule 4.4(b). 
 4.5 No Legal Bar . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member, except for violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents). 
 4.6 Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against any Group Member or against any of their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (b) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.7 No Default . No Group Member is in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations in any respect that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 4.8 Ownership of Property Liens . Each Group Member has title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all its real property, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all its other property, and none of such property is subject to any Lien except as permitted by Section 7.3. 
 4.9 Intellectual Property . Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Group Member owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, free and clear of all Liens, except as permitted by Section 7.3. Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no claim has been asserted or is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any Intellectual Property, nor does the Borrower know of any valid basis for any such claim. To the knowledge of each Loan Party, the use of any material Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business does not infringe upon the rights of any Person unless such infringement could not reasonably be expected to be material to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 4.10 Taxes . Each Group Member has filed or caused to be filed all Federal, state and other material Tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all Taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other Taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than (a) any the 
 78 

amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member, or (b) to the extent that the failure to file or pay, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect) no material Lien in respect of Taxes has been filed, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no material claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, fee or other charge. 
 4.11 Federal Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loans, and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used, directly or indirectly, (a) for buying or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U as now and from time to time hereafter in effect for any purpose that violates the provisions of the regulations of the Board or (b) for any purpose that violates the provisions of the regulations of the Board. No more than 25 of the value of the assets of the Group Members consist of margin stock as so defined. If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1, as applicable, referred to in Regulation U. 
 4.12 Labor Matters . Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against any Group Member pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened (b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of each Group Member have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters and (c) all payments due from any Group Member on account of employee health and welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant Group Member. 
 4.13 ERISA . Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect (a) each Group Member and each of their respective ERISA Affiliates (and in the case of a Pension Plan or a Multiemployer Plan, each of their respective ERISA Affiliates) are in compliance with all applicable provisions and requirements of ERISA and the Code and other federal and state laws and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder with respect to each Plan and Pension Plan and have performed all their obligations under each Plan and Pension Plan (b) no ERISA Event or Foreign Plan Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, and no ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event (c) each Plan or Pension Plan which is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS covering such plan s most recently completed five-year remedial amendment cycle in accordance with Revenue Procedure 2007-44, I.R.B. 2007-28, indicating that such Plan or Pension Plan is so qualified and the trust related thereto has been determined by the IRS to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code or an application for such a determination is currently pending before the IRS and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred subsequent to the issuance of the most recent determination letter which would cause such Plan or Pension Plan to lose its qualified status (d) no liability to the PBGC (other than required premium payments), the IRS, any Plan or Pension Plan or any trust established under Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by any Group Member or any of their ERISA Affiliates (e) each of the Group Members ERISA Affiliates has complied with the requirements of Section 515 of ERISA with respect to each Multiemployer Plan and is not in default (as defined in Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA) with respect to payments to a Multiemployer Plan (f) all amounts required by applicable law with respect to, or by the terms of, any retiree welfare benefit arrangement maintained by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate or to which any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate has an obligation to contribute have been accrued in accordance with ASC Topic 715-60 (g) as of the most recent valuation date for each Multiemployer Plan for which the actuarial 
 79 

report is available, no Group Member nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has any potential liability for a complete withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan (within the meaning of Section 4203 of ERISA), when aggregated with such potential liability for a complete withdrawal from all Multiemployer Plans, based on information available pursuant to Section 4221(e) of ERISA (h) there has been no Prohibited Transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan or Pension Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (i) neither any Group Member nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or liability under, any active or terminated Pension Plan other than (i) on the Closing Date, those listed on Schedule 4.13 hereto and (ii) thereafter, Pension Plans not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Pension Plan, did not, as of the close of its most recent plan year, exceed by more than 10,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of such Pension Plan allocable to such accrued benefits (determined in both cases using the applicable assumptions under Section 430 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder), and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Pension Plans did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 10,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Pension Plans (determined in both cases using the applicable assumptions under Section 430 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder). 
 4.14 Investment Company Act Other Regulations . No Loan Party is an investment company , or a company controlled by an investment company , within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. No Loan Party is subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law (other than Regulation X) that limits its ability to incur Indebtedness. 
 4.15 Subsidiaries Capital Stock . As of the Closing Date, (a) Schedule 4.15 sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization of each Subsidiary and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage of each class of Capital Stock owned by any Loan Party and (b) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options and restricted stock units granted to employees or directors and directors qualifying shares) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, except (i) with respect to Capital Stock of Loan Parties, as created by the Loan Documents or the ABL Loan Documents and (ii) otherwise, as permitted by this Agreement. 
 4.16 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Term Loans shall be used to finance the Transaction Costs. The proceeds of any Incremental Term Loans shall be used for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including Permitted Acquisitions and other Investments permitted by this Agreement). 
 4.17 Environmental Matters . Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (a) the facilities and properties owned, leased or operated by any Group Member (the Properties do not contain, and have not previously contained, any Materials of Environmental Concern in amounts or concentrations or under circumstances that constitute or constituted a violation of, or could give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law 
 (b) no Group Member has received or is aware of any notice of violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Properties or the business operated by any Group Member (the Business ), nor does the Borrower have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received or is being threatened 
 80 

(c) Materials of Environmental Concern have not been transported or disposed of from the Properties in violation of, or in a manner or to a location that could give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law, nor have any Materials of Environmental Concern been generated, treated, stored or disposed of at, on or under any of the Properties in violation of, or in a manner that could give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Law 
 (d) no judicial proceeding or governmental or administrative action is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, under any Environmental Law to which any Group Member is or will be named as a party with respect to the Properties or the Business, nor are there any consent decrees or other decrees, consent orders, administrative orders or other orders, or other administrative or judicial requirements outstanding under any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business 
 (e) there has been no release or threat of release of Materials of Environmental Concern at or from the Properties, or arising from or related to the operations of any Group Member in connection with the Properties or otherwise in connection with the Business, in violation of or in amounts or in a manner that could give rise to liability under Environmental Laws 
 (f) the Properties and all operations at the Properties are in compliance, and have in the last five years been in compliance, with all applicable Environmental Laws, and there is no contamination at, under or about the Properties or violation of any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business and 
 (g) no Group Member has assumed any liability of any other Person under Environmental Laws. 
 4.18 Accuracy of Information, etc . The statements and information contained in this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Confidential Information Memorandum and the other documents, certificates and statements furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, did not contain as of the date such statements, information, documents or certificates were so furnished (or, in the case of the Confidential Information Memorandum, as of the Closing Date), any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in any material respect. The projections and pro forma financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. There is no fact known to any Loan Party that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been expressly disclosed herein, in the other Loan Documents, in the Confidential Information Memorandum or in any other documents, certificates and statements furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents. As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Closing Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all representations and warranties made in this Section 4.18 with respect to any information relating to the Target and its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date are made solely to the knowledge of the Borrower. 
 81 

4.19 Security Documents . (a) Each Security Document is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof. In the case of the Pledged Collateral consisting of the certificated Capital Stock described in the Security Documents, when such Pledged Collateral is delivered to the Administrative Agent (in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) or the ABL Administrative Agent (together with a properly completed and signed undated endorsement), in the case of Collateral consisting of Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts, when such Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts, as applicable, are subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement (as defined in the Security Agreement) and in the case of the other Collateral described in the Security Documents that can be perfected by the filing of such financing statement or other filing, when financing statements and other filings specified on Schedule 4.19(a) in appropriate form are filed in the offices specified on Schedule 4.19(a), the Security Agreement shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral and the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations, in each case prior and superior in right to the Lien of any other Person (except (other than with respect to Collateral consisting of Capital Stock) Liens permitted by Section 7.3). 
 (b) Each of the Mortgages, upon execution and delivery by the parties thereto, is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable Lien on the Mortgaged Properties described therein and proceeds thereof, and when the Mortgages are filed in the offices specified in the local counsel legal opinions delivered in connection with such Mortgages, each such Mortgage shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in the Mortgaged Properties and the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations (as defined in the relevant Mortgage), in each case prior and superior in right to the Lien of any other Person (except Liens permitted by Section 7.3). Schedule 1.1B lists, as of the Closing Date, each parcel of owned real property located in the United States and held by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor upon which a Mortgage will be granted to the Administrative Agent. 
 4.21 Solvency . As of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the Transactions, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. 
 4.21 Senior Indebtedness . The Obligations, and the obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under the Guarantee Agreement, constitute senior debt or senior indebtedness (or any comparable term) under all Indebtedness that is subordinated or required to be subordinated in right of 
 4.22 Flood Laws . Other than as set forth in any life of loan flood hazard determination obtained by, or delivered to, the Administrative Agent, no Mortgage encumbers improved real property that is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the 
 4.23 Certain Documents . The Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent a complete and correct copy of the Acquisition Documentation, including, to the extent material to, or otherwise affecting, the interests of the Lenders, any amendments, supplements or modifications with respect thereto. 
 4.25 Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions . The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to require material compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees, and to the knowledge of the Borrower its 
 82 

directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in the Borrower being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors or officers, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any employee or agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Loan, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or applicable Sanctions. No Loan or use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. 
 4.25 EEA Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
 4.26 Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions . None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 SECTION 5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 5.1 Conditions to Initial Extension of Credit . The agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, prior to or concurrently with the making of such extension of credit on the Closing Date, of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Person listed on Schedule 1.1A, (ii) the Guarantee Agreement, executed and delivered by the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, (iii) subject to Section 6.13, each Security Document, executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Loan Parties and (iv) the Intercreditor Agreement, executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Person party thereto. 
 (b) Acquisition . Substantially concurrently with the occurrence of the Closing Date and promptly following the making by each Lender of its initial extension of credit hereunder, the Equity Contribution shall have been made and the Acquisition shall have been consummated pursuant to the Acquisition Documentation, and no provision thereof shall have been amended or waived, and no consent or direction shall have been given thereunder, in any manner materially adverse to the interests of the Arrangers or the Lenders without the prior written consent of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) (it being understood and agreed that any amendment, waiver, consent or direction that results in (i) an increase to the purchase price shall be deemed to not be materially adverse to the Lenders so long as such increase is funded solely with an issuance of common stock of the Borrower or other equity reasonably acceptable to the Arrangers, and (ii) a decrease to the purchase price shall be deemed to not be materially adverse to the Lenders so long as (A) such reduction is allocated to reduce the commitments under the Term Loans and (B) such reduction (other than pursuant to any purchase price or similar adjustment provision set forth in the Acquisition Agreement) does not decrease the purchase price by more than 10 (cumulative for all such reductions)). 
 (c) Other Indebtedness . 
 83 

(i) The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that on or prior to the Closing Date (x) the ABL Credit Agreement is in full force and effect, (y) the Borrower received at least 750,000,000 in commitments from the lenders under the ABL Credit Agreement and (z) the commitments referred to in clause (y) of this paragraph are effective. 
 (ii) Prior to or substantially concurrently with the initial extensions of credit under this Agreement on the Closing Date, (A) the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2016, among the Borrower, the Subsidiaries of the Borrower, each lender party thereto and BMO Harris Bank N.A., as administrative agent, (B) the syndicated loan agreement dated December 18, 2017 entered into between, among others, Erwin Hymer Group AG & Co. KG EHG and Rental Alliance GmbH REN as borrowers, EHG, REN and other Companies as guarantors, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as facility agent and several financial institutions as lenders providing for a revolving credit facility in the amount of 300,000,000 and (C) all other existing material Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Continuing External Debt) of the Borrower, the Target and their respective Subsidiaries, in each case shall have been paid in full (such repayment, the Existing Indebtedness Refinancing and all Liens granted in connection with each of the foregoing shall have been terminated such that on the Closing Date, after giving effect to Transactions, none of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have any material Indebtedness for borrowed money other than (i) any Indebtedness outstanding under the ABL Credit Agreement, (ii) Indebtedness outstanding under this Agreement, (iii) the Continuing External Debt and (iv) other Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.2(e). 
 (d) Pro Forma Financial Statements Financial Statements . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the Pro Forma Financial Statements, and (ii) the financial statements set forth in Sections 4.1(b) and (c). 
 (e) Reserved . 
 (f) Fees . All costs, fees and expenses required to be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Documentation Agent and the Lenders in connection with this Agreement (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of legal counsel to the Administrative Agent) and all costs, fees and expenses required to be paid by the Borrower pursuant to the fee letter, dated as of September 18, 2018 (as amended, modified and supplemented through the Closing Date), among the Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of legal counsel to the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC) shall have been paid or shall have been authorized to be deducted from the proceeds of the initial extensions of credit under this Agreement to the extent due and invoiced to the Borrower not less than two Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 
 (g) Closing Certificate Certified Certificate of Incorporation Good Standing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Closing Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit F, with appropriate insertions and attachments, including the certificate of incorporation of each Loan Party that is a corporation certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party, and (ii) a long form good standing certificate for each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization. 
 (h) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received the executed legal opinions of Baker & McKenzie, LLP, as New York counsel to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and certain other local counsel to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, each in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 84 

(i) Pledged Stock Stock Powers Pledged Notes . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the certificates representing the shares of Capital Stock pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, together with an undated endorsement for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof and (ii) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof provided that if, notwithstanding the use by the Loan Parties of commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden or expense) to deliver to the Administrative Agent the certificates and undated stock powers required by clause (i) above and the promissory notes and related transfer forms required by clause (ii) above, such certificates, stock powers, promissory notes and or transfer forms are not delivered as of the Closing Date, delivery of such items (other than any certificates representing the shares of Capital Stock of Domestic Subsidiaries) shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it (but shall be required to be satisfied within 90 days of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)). 
 (j) Filings, Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) required by the Security Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 7.3), shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation provided that if, notwithstanding the use by the Loan Parties of commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden and expense) to satisfy the requirement set forth in this Section 5.1(j), such requirement is not satisfied as of the Closing Date, the satisfaction of such requirement (other than with respect to the filing of any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it (but shall be required to be satisfied within 90 days of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)). 
 (k) Mortgages, etc . (i) The Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor shall, with respect to each Mortgaged Property, deliver to the Administrative Agent, as mortgagee or beneficiary, as applicable, for the ratable benefit of itself and the Secured Parties, fully executed counterparts of Mortgages, duly executed and acknowledged by the Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor, and otherwise in form for recording in the recording office of each applicable political subdivision where each such Mortgaged Property is situated, together with such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be required in connection with the recording of filing thereof and evidence of the completion (or satisfactory arrangements for the completion) of all recordings and filings of such Mortgage (and payment of any taxes or fees in connection therewith), together with any necessary fixture filings, as may be necessary to create a valid, perfected Lien, with the priority required by the Intercreditor Agreement, subject to Permitted Liens, against the Mortgaged Properties purported to be covered thereby 
 (ii) If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall have received, and the title insurance company issuing the policy referred to in clause (iii) below (the Title Insurance Company shall have received, maps or plats of an as-built survey of the sites of the Mortgaged Properties certified to the Administrative Agent and the Title Insurance Company in a manner reasonably satisfactory to them, dated a date reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Title Insurance Company by an independent professional licensed land surveyor satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Title Insurance Company, or in lieu thereof, or existing surveys, together with any affidavits required by the Title Insurance 
 85 

Company as shall be sufficient to enable the Title Insurance Company to remove any standard survey exceptions from the Mortgaged Policies and issue customary survey-dependent endorsements to the applicable Mortgage Policy. 
 (iii) The Administrative Agent shall have received mortgagee s title insurance policies in favor of the Administrative Agent, and its successors and or assigns, in the form necessary, with respect to the property purported to be covered by the applicable Mortgages, to insure that the interests created by the Mortgages constitute valid Liens thereon, with the priority required by the Intercreditor Agreement, free and clear of all Liens, defects and encumbrances, other than Permitted Liens, and such policies shall also include, to the extent reasonably available in the jurisdiction where the applicable Mortgaged Property is located, all such endorsements as shall be reasonably required in transactions of similar size and purpose and shall be accompanied by evidence of the payment in full by the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor of all premiums thereon (or that satisfactory arrangements for such payment have been made). The Administrative Agent shall also have received evidence satisfactory to it that all charges for mortgage recording taxes and all related expenses, if any, have been paid. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent shall have received with respect to any portion of the Mortgaged Property that has improvements (A) a Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party in the event any such property is located in a special flood hazard area) and (B) evidence of flood insurance as required by Section 6.5(b). 
 (v) The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of all recorded documents referred to, or listed as exceptions to title in, the title policy or policies referred to in clause (iii) above. 
 (vi) The Administrative Agent shall have received, with respect to each of the Mortgaged Properties owned on the Closing Date, such local counsel opinions and opinions of counsel in the jurisdiction of organization of the owner of the applicable Mortgaged Properties. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 5.1(k), if the Loan Parties have used commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden and expense) to satisfy the requirements set forth in this Section 5.1(k) and such requirements are not satisfied as of the Closing Date, the satisfaction of such requirements shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it (but shall be required to be satisfied within 150 days of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)). 
 (l) Solvency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in the form of Exhibit L. 
 (m) Deposit Account Control Agreements . The Administrative Agent shall have received any Deposit Account Control Agreement required to be delivered pursuant to the Security Agreement, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 5.1(m), if the Loan Parties have used commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden and expense) to satisfy the requirements set forth in this Section 5.1(m) and such requirements are not satisfied by the Closing Date, the satisfaction of such requirements shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it (but shall be required to be satisfied within 90 days of the Closing Date 
 86 

(or such later date as the Administrative Agent (or, so long as the ABL Obligations Payment Date has not occurred, the ABL Representative) may agree in its reasonable discretion)). 
 (n) Specified Representations . Each of the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if qualified by materiality) on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such Specified Representations shall have been so true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if qualified by materiality) on and as of such earlier date. 
 (o) Local Law Pledge Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received, solely with respect to the Capital Stock of any material Foreign Subsidiary that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party that constitutes Collateral, (i) all local law pledge, charge or similar agreements in respect of such Capital Stock in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, in each case duly executed and delivered by the relevant Loan Party and the Administrative Agent, (ii) all other documentation and instruments the Administrative Agent deems necessary or reasonably advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected first priority security interest in such Capital Stock under the relevant local law and (iii) local law opinions relating to such local law pledge, charge or similar agreement, which opinions shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 5.1(o), and to the extent the Loan Parties have rights under the Acquisition Agreement, if the Loan Parties have used commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden and expense) to satisfy the requirements set forth in this Section 5.1(o) and such requirements are not satisfied by the Closing Date, the satisfaction of such requirements shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it (but shall be required to be satisfied within 90 days of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)). 
 (p) Patriot Act . (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information about any Loan Party reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in writing at least 10 Business Days prior to the Closing Date and that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines is required by United States bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Closing Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 For the purpose of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 5.1, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have accepted, and to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required under this Section 5.1. 
 5.2 Conditions to Each Extension of Credit . The agreement of each Lender to make any extension of credit requested to be made by it on any date (other than its initial extension of credit on the Closing Date, a conversion of the Loans to the other Type and a continuation of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans) is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (provided the conditions to any Incremental Term Loans shall instead be those set forth in Section 2.24) 
 
 87 

(a) Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if qualified by materiality) on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been so true and correct as of such earlier date. 
 (b) No Default . No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date or after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. 
 Each borrowing by the Borrower hereunder (other than the initial extensions of credit on the Closing Date) shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower as of the date of such extension of credit that the conditions contained in this Section 5.2 have been satisfied. 
 SECTION 6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 The Borrower hereby agrees that, so long as the Commitments remain in effect or any Loan or other amount is owing to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Borrower shall and, in the case of Sections 6.3 through 6.8, 6.9, 6.10, 6.13 and 6.14, shall cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to 
 6.1 Financial Statements . Furnish to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of each 
 Lender 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such later date as otherwise permitted by the SEC), a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related audited consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, reported on without a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing (provided that such report may contain a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, if such qualification or exception is related solely to an upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement or the ABL Credit Agreement) 
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such later date as otherwise permitted by the SEC), the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for such quarter and or the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, as required by applicable SEC rules, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of the previous fiscal year (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of the previous fiscal year), certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes) and 
 (c) if any Unrestricted Subsidiary exists, concurrently with each delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, financial statements (of the same type as the financial statements delivered pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) above, as applicable, except that no such financial statements delivered pursuant to this clause (c) shall be required to be audited) prepared on the basis of 
 88 

consolidating the accounts of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and treating any Unrestricted Subsidiaries as if they were not consolidated with the Borrower, together with an explanation of reconciliation adjustments in reasonable detail. 
 All such financial statements shall be complete and correct in all material respects and shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed in reasonable detail therein) consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods. 
 As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.2(d), the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under Section 6.1(a), (b) or (c) or Section 6.2(c), but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in Section 6.1(a), (b) and (c) or Section 6.2(c) at the times specified therein. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a), (b) or (c) or Section 6.2(c) or (d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which (i) such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on IntraLinks IntraAgency or another relevant Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) or (ii) such documents are filed of record with the SEC provided that , upon written request by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain or deliver to Lenders paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 6.2 Certificates Other Information . Furnish to the Administrative Agent, on behalf 
 of each Lender 
 (a) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Sections 6.1(a) and 6.1(b), (i) a Compliance Certificate executed by a Responsible Officer, which Compliance Certificate shall include a statement that, to each such Responsible Officer s knowledge, each Loan Party during such period has observed or performed all of its covenants and other agreements, and satisfied every condition contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party to be observed, performed or satisfied by it, and that such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default except as specified in such certificate, (ii) in the case of annual financial statements, a calculation of Excess Cash Flow and (iii) in the case of quarterly or annual financial statements, to the extent not previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent, (x) a description of any change in the jurisdiction of organization of any Loan Party, (y) a list of any material registered Intellectual Property acquired or created by any Loan Party and (z) a description of any Person that has become a Group Member, an Immaterial Subsidiary, a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary, in each case since the date of the most recent report delivered pursuant to this clause (iii) (or, in the case of the first such report so delivered, since the Closing Date) 
 (b) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a detailed consolidated budget for the following fiscal year (including a projected consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of the 
 89 

following fiscal year, the related consolidated statements of projected cash flow and projected income) (collectively, the Projections ), which Projections shall in each case be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer stating that such Projections are based on reasonable estimates, information and assumptions and that such Responsible Officer has no reason to believe that such Projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect 
 (c) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower (or 90 days, in the case of the fourth fiscal quarter of each fiscal year) (or, in case, such later date as otherwise permitted by the SEC for the filing of materials by the Borrower that will include the information required by this Section 6.2(c)), a narrative management discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter, as compared to the comparable periods of the previous year 
 (d) promptly after the same are sent, copies of all financial statements and reports that the Borrower sends to the holders of any class of its public debt securities or public equity securities and, promptly after the same are filed, copies of all financial statements and reports that the Borrower may make to, or file with, the SEC 
 (e) promptly following receipt thereof, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k) or 101(l) of ERISA that any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan or any documents described in Section 101(f) of ERISA that any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Pension Plan provided, that if the relevant Group Members or ERISA Affiliates have not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plans, then, upon reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, such Group Member or the ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and the Borrower shall provide copies of such documents and notices to the Administrative Agent promptly after receipt thereof and 
 (f) promptly, such additional financial and other information as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 
 6.3 Payment of Obligations . Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all its material obligations of whatever nature (including Taxes), except where (a) the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves to the extent required by GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member or (b) the failure to make such payments, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.4 Maintenance of Existence Compliance . (a) (i) Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by Section 7.4 and except, in the case of clause (ii) above, to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (b) comply with all Contractual Obligations and Requirements of Law except to the extent that failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to require material compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 6.5 Maintenance of Property Insurance . (a) Keep all property necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure 
 90 

to so maintain such property could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all its property in at least such amounts and against at least such risks as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business. 
 (b) If the Borrower learns that any portion of any property subject to a Mortgage is at any time located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the Flood Laws, then the Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, with a financially sound and reputable insurer, flood insurance in an amount and otherwise sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Laws. If any portion of any property subject to a Mortgage is at any time located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the Flood Laws, then the Borrower shall (i) cooperate with the Administrative Agent and provide information reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to comply with the Flood Laws and (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, including, without limitation, evidence of annual renewals of such insurance. 
 6.6 Inspection of Property Books and Records Discussions . (a) Keep proper books of records and account in which full, true and correct (in all material respects) entries in conformity with GAAP and all Requirements of Law shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and (b) upon reasonable prior notice, permit representatives of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records at any reasonable time and as often as may reasonably be desired and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Group Members with officers and employees of the Group Members and, accompanied by one or more officers or designees of the Borrower if requested by the Borrower, with their independent certified public accountants provided that excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default (i) only the Administrative Agent, acting individually or on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights under this Section 6.6(b) and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall not exercise rights under this Section 6.6(b) more often than one time during any calendar year. 
 6.7 Notices . Promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of each 
 Lender, of 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default 
 (b) any (i) default or event of default under any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member or (ii) litigation, investigation or proceeding that may exist at any time between any Group Member and any Governmental Authority, that in either case, if not cured or if adversely determined, as the case may be, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) any litigation or proceeding affecting any Group Member (i) in which the amount involved is 100,000,000 or more and not covered by insurance, (ii) in which injunctive or similar relief is sought or (iii) which relates to any Loan Document 
 (d) (i) as soon as reasonably possible upon becoming aware of the occurrence of or forthcoming occurrence of any material ERISA Event, a written notice specifying the nature thereof, what action the Borrower, any of the other Group Members or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has taken, is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto and, when known, any 
 91 

action taken or threatened by the IRS, the Department of Labor or the PBGC with respect thereto and (ii) with reasonable promptness, upon the Administrative Agent s reasonable request, copies of (1) each Schedule SB (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by the Borrower, any of the other Group Members or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates with the IRS with respect to each Pension Plan (2) all notices received by the Borrower, any of the other Group Members or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor concerning a material ERISA Event and (3) copies of such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Plan or Pension Plan as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request 
 (e) reserved and 
 (f) any other development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the relevant Group Member proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 6.8 Environmental Laws . (a) Comply with, and ensure compliance by all tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws, and obtain and comply with and maintain, and ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and comply with and maintain, any and all licenses, approvals, notifications, registrations or permits required by applicable Environmental Laws, in each case, except for events or matters that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Promptly comply with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws, other than such orders and directives as to which an appeal has been timely and properly taken in good faith, and provided that the pendency of any and all such appeals could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.9 Additional Loan Parties . (a) Promptly upon any Domestic Subsidiary no longer being an Excluded Subsidiary after the Closing Date or promptly after the formation or acquisition of a Domestic Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary (and in any event within 60 days thereof (or such longer period of time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree)), the Borrower will (i) cause such Domestic Subsidiary to guarantee the Obligations, pursuant to a Guarantee substantially in the form of the Guarantee Agreement or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) (x) cause the Obligations to be secured by a perfected first-priority lien on all of the personal property (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, real property which is covered by Section 6.10(b) and Excluded Assets) of such Domestic Subsidiary, pursuant to the Security Agreement and other such documents and instruments including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements required by law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded so that the Administrative Agent, for its benefit and the ratable benefit of the Lenders, shall have a legal, valid and enforceable perfected first-priority Lien on the Collateral (and subject to any limitations and exceptions consistent with those contained in any such documents or instruments) and (y) cause all outstanding Capital Stock of such Domestic Subsidiary (other than to the extent constituting Excluded Assets) owned directly or indirectly by any Loan Party to be subject to a perfected first-priority Lien pursuant to the Security Agreement and (iii) deliver such proof of corporate, partnership or limited liability company action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is consistent with those delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 or as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested. 
 
 92 

(b) The Borrower may from time to time add any Wholly Owned Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor by (i) causing such Domestic Subsidiary to enter into the Guarantee Agreement and applicable Security Documents and taking such other actions and delivering such other documentation and instruments as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) delivering such proof of corporate, partnership or limited liability company action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is consistent with those delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 or as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested provided however, any such Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary shall not guarantee the Obligations if it is a CFC Subsidiary whose provision of such guaranty would be an investment in United States property by a CFC within the meaning of Sections 956 and 957 of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder that is taken into account in the income of a direct or indirect owner of such CFC Subsidiary pursuant to Section 951(a)(1)(B) of the Code. 
 6.10 Additional Collateral, etc. (a) Subject to any applicable limitations set forth in the Security Documents, with respect to any property acquired from time to time by any Loan Party (other than (w) any property described in paragraph (b) below or Excluded Assets, (x) any property subject to a Lien expressly permitted by Section 7.3(g), (y) so long as the ABL Obligations Payment Date has not occurred, any ABL Priority Collateral as to which the ABL Representative and the Borrower reasonably agree in writing, that the cost of obtaining a security interest therein is excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby and (z) any property (or, so long as the ABL Obligations Payment Date has not occurred, any property other than ABL Priority Collateral) as to which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree in writing that the cost of obtaining a security interest therein is excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby) as to which the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, does not have a perfected Lien, promptly (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such amendments to the Security Documents or such other documents as the Administrative Agent deems necessary or reasonably advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in such property and (ii) take all actions necessary or reasonably advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected security interest in any such property (with the priority required by the Intercreditor Agreement), including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be required by the Security Documents or by law or as may be requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) With respect to any fee interest in any real property at any location having a value (together with improvements thereof) of at least 10,000,000 acquired after the Closing Date by any Loan Party (including a Person that owns such real property and becomes a Loan Party pursuant to Section 6.9) (other than (i) any such real property subject to a Lien expressly permitted by Section 7.3(g) or any Excluded Asset and (ii) any real property as to which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree in writing that the cost of obtaining a security interest therein is excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby), within sixty (60) days after the acquisition thereof (or 120 days in the case of the establishment or amendment of any Mortgage) (or such later date as the Administrative Agent shall agree to in its sole discretion) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent the documents and instruments required under Section 5.1(k) (including any legal opinions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request). 
 (c) Subject to the terms of the Security Documents, the Borrower will, and will cause each Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements), which may be required under any applicable law, or which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or to grant, 
 93 

preserve, protect or perfect the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents or the validity or priority of any such Lien, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. 
 6.11 Designation of Subsidiaries . The Borrower may at any time after the Closing Date designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary by delivering to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer specifying such designation and certifying that the conditions to such designation set forth in this Section 6.11 are satisfied provided that 
 (a) both immediately before and immediately after any such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (b) in the case of a designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, each Subsidiary of such Subsidiary has been, or concurrently therewith will be, designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with this Section 6.11 
 (c) in the case of a designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall substantially simultaneously be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary under the ABL Credit Agreement (and, to the extent applicable, any other agreement governing Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the ABL Loans) and in the case of a designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall substantially simultaneously be designated as a Restricted Subsidiary under the ABL Credit Agreement (and, to the extent applicable, any other agreement governing Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the ABL Loans). 
 The designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower in such Unrestricted Subsidiary on the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Borrower s Investment therein (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Responsible Officer). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens, as the case may be, of such Subsidiary existing at such time. In no event shall any Intellectual Property be transferred directly or indirectly by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries to an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 6.12 Maintenance of Ratings . Use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain (a) a public corporate family rating of the Borrower and a rating of the Facilities, in each case from Moody s, and (b) a public corporate credit rating of the Borrower and a rating of the Facilities, in each case from S&P (it being understood and agreed that commercially reasonable efforts shall in any event include the payment by the Borrower of customary rating agency fees and cooperation with information and data requests by Moody s and S&P in connection with their ratings process), it being agreed that there is no obligation to maintain any particular ratings at any time. 
 6.13 Post-Closing Covenants . Satisfy, to the extent not satisfied as of the Closing Date, the requirements set forth in Section 5.1(i), 5.1(j), 5.1(k), 5.1(m) and 5.1(o) within the time period set forth in the applicable Section. 
 6.14 Control Agreements . With respect to any new deposit account or securities account opened by a Loan Party after the Closing Date, to the extent required by the Security Agreement, deliver to the Administrative Agent any Deposit Account Control Agreement required to be delivered pursuant to the Security Agreement within 60 days thereof (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion (or, so long as the ABL Obligations Payment Date has not 
 94 

occurred, the ABL Representative)), in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 The Borrower hereby agrees that, so long as the Commitments remain in effect or any Loan or other amount is owing to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly 
 7.1 Reserved . 
 7.2 Indebtedness . Create, issue, incur, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) Indebtedness of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents (including Indebtedness in respect of any Incremental Term Facility) and any Replacement Financing in respect thereof (and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any Replacement Financing) 
 (b) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries under the ABL Credit Agreement in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of (i) 900,000,000 and (ii) the sum of (x) 85 of eligible accounts of the Loan Parties (which shall be determined in accordance with the then-existing market eligibility criteria applicable to secured asset-based loans in the United States) and (y) 85 of the net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory of the Loan Parties (which shall be determined in accordance with the then-existing market eligibility criteria and advance rates applicable to secured asset-based loans in the United States), and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (c) Indebtedness of (i) the Borrower to any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any Subsidiary Guarantor to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor to any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor provided that (x) any Indebtedness of any Loan Party shall be unsecured and shall be subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms customary for intercompany subordinated Indebtedness, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, and (y) any such Indebtedness owing to any Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note which shall have been pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement 
 (d) Guarantee Obligations incurred by any Group Member of obligations of any Group Member to the extent such obligations are not prohibited hereunder provided that (i) to the extent any such obligations are subordinated to the Obligations, any such related Guarantee Obligations incurred by a Loan Party shall be subordinated to the guarantee of such Loan Party of the Obligations on terms no less favorable to the Lenders than the subordination provisions of the obligations to which such Guarantee Obligation relates and (ii) any Guarantee Obligations incurred by any Loan Party of obligations of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be permitted to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 7.7(g)(iii), Section 7.7(h) or Section 7.7(u) 
 (e) Indebtedness outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.2(e) and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 95 

(f) Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations) secured by Liens permitted by Section 7.3(g) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any one time outstanding the greater of (i) 85,000,000 and (ii) 8.5 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date incurred) 
 (g) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees or directors of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and owed in respect of any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, depository and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearing-house transfers of funds 
 (i) Indebtedness arising under any Swap Agreement permitted by Section 7.11 
 (j) Indebtedness (other than for borrowed money) that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any guarantees, warranty or contractual service obligations, performance, surety, statutory, appeal, bid, prepayment guarantee, payment (other than payment of Indebtedness) or completion of performance guarantees or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (k) Indebtedness in respect of any bankers acceptance, bank guarantees, letters of credit, warehouse receipt or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business in respect of workers compensation and other casualty claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance, social security benefits, unemployment or other insurance obligations, reclamation and statutory obligations or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation and other casualty claims, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds, so long as such Indebtedness is covered or extinguished within five Business Days 
 (m) Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or self-insurance obligations and (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply or similar agreements in each case in the ordinary course of business provided that such obligations are incurred in connection with open accounts extended by suppliers on customary trade terms, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) Indebtedness in the form of purchase price adjustments (including in respect of working capital), earnouts, deferred compensation, indemnification or other arrangements representing acquisition consideration or deferred payments of a similar nature incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions or other Investments permitted under Section 7.7 (other than Investments permitted under clause 7.7(q)) or Dispositions permitted under Section 7.5 (other than Dispositions permitted under Section 7.5(m)) 
 (o) (i) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Restricted Subsidiary that is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into a Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder) after the Closing Date, or Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed by or allocated to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of assets by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or by a Division in a Permitted Acquisition provided that (x) such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (or is so merged, consolidated, amalgamated or Divided) or such assets are acquired and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Restricted 
 96 

Subsidiary (or such merger, consolidation or amalgamation) or such assets being acquired and (y) with respect to any Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or that is merged, consolidated, amalgamated or Divided with or into the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, such Indebtedness is not guaranteed in any respect by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than by any such Person that so becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is the survivor of a merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Division with or into such Person and any of its Subsidiaries), and (ii) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness provided that after giving effect to the applicable acquisition (or merger, consolidation or amalgamation) or such assumption of Indebtedness, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of such acquisition (or merger, consolidation or amalgamation) or assumption, is either (i) not in excess of 2.75 to 1.00 or (ii) less than or equal to the Consolidated Leverage Ratio immediately prior to giving pro forma effect thereto provided further that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties outstanding under this Section 7.2(o), together with the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties outstanding under Section 7.2(u), shall not exceed the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 15.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any time 
 (p) Indebtedness of the Loan Parties in lieu of amounts available for Incremental Term Facilities pursuant to Section 2.24 Incremental Equivalent Debt provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Incremental Equivalent Debt does not exceed the amount of Incremental Term Facilities permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 2.24(a)(i) (for the avoidance of doubt, with any such amount of Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred in reliance on a basket set forth therein reducing capacity of Incremental Term Facilities on a dollar-for-dollar basis), (ii) such Incremental Equivalent Debt contains covenants, events of default, guarantees and other terms that are customary for similar Indebtedness in light of then-prevailing market conditions, are not more favorable to the lenders or investors providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt, as the case may be, than those set forth in the Loan Documents are with respect to the Lenders (other than (x) covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date then in effect at the time of incurrence thereof and terms with respect to margins, pricing or fees, (y) included in or added to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders (and the Administrative Agent and the Borrower are hereby authorized to make such amendments without the consent of any other parties hereto) or (z) as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) (iii) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall have a final maturity no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date, (iv) the weighted average life to maturity of such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be no shorter than that of any existing Term Loans, (v) in the event such Incremental Equivalent Debt is in the form of loans secured on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing the Obligations the MFN provisions of Section 2.24(a)(vii) shall apply to such Incremental Equivalent Debt as if it was an Incremental Term Facility and (vi) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall only be (A) incurred by Loan Parties and guaranteed on a pari passu or subordinated basis with all of the Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (B) unsecured or secured by the Collateral (and no other property) and the Liens on the Collateral securing obligations in respect of Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be pari passu or junior with the Liens on the Collateral securing all of the other Obligations, and if secured shall be subject to intercreditor agreement arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (q) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, in each case, to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted by Section 7.7 (g)(iii), Section 7.7(h) or Section 7.7(u) provided that any such Indebtedness owed to a Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note which shall have been pledged pursuant to the Security Documents 
 97 

(r) Indebtedness of the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in connection with receivables and factoring agreements and wholesale financing consistent with the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries past practices prior to the Closing Date 
 (s) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 15.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any time 
 (t) (i) Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness of any Loan Party so long as, at the time of incurrence of such Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of incurrence thereof (but excluding from Unrestricted Cash in making such pro forma calculation the Net Cash Proceeds of such Indebtedness), is not in excess of 2.75 to 1.00 provided that (x) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness under this Section 7.2(t), no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (y) to the extent applicable, such Permitted Additional Junior Indebtedness shall be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (u) (i) Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness so long as, at the time of incurrence of such Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of incurrence thereof (but excluding from Unrestricted Cash in making such pro forma calculation the Net Cash Proceeds of such Indebtedness), (x) is not in excess of 3.25 to 1.00 or (y) in the case of Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, is less than or equal to the Consolidated Leverage Ratio immediately prior to giving pro forma effect thereto and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof provided that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness under this Section 7.2(u), no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties outstanding under this Section 7.2(u), together with the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties outstanding under Section 7.2(o), shall not exceed the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 15.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any time 
 (v) Guarantee Obligations incurred by any Group Member of obligations of any Joint Venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent permitted under Section 7.7(v) 
 (w) additional Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the greater of (i) 250,000,000 and (ii) 25.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any one time outstanding 
 (x) Attributable Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 75,000,000 at any time outstanding, which Attributable Indebtedness arises out of a sale and leaseback transaction permitted under Section 7.10 
 (y) Indebtedness of any Loan Party in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Net Cash Proceeds (Not Otherwise Applied) received after the Closing Date and on or prior to such date from any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock by the Borrower (other than any such issuance to a Group Member) 
 98 

(z) Indebtedness of the Target and its Subsidiaries constituting Continuing External Debt 
 (aa) Indebtedness in the form of standby repurchase obligations on dealer inventory financing in the ordinary course of business and 
 (bb) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 8a of the German Old Age Employees Retirement Act Altersteilzeitgesetz or Section 7e of the Fourth Book of the German Social Code. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.2, (A) Indebtedness need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness described in Sections 7.2(a) through (bb) but may be permitted in part under any combination thereof and (B) in the event that an item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Indebtedness described in clauses (a) through (bb) above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such item of Indebtedness in a manner that complies with this Section 7.2 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in one or more of the above clauses and such item of Indebtedness shall be treated as having been incurred or existing pursuant to only one of such clauses provided that all Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Documents and the ABL Credit Agreement and, in each case, any Replacement Financing or Permitted Refinancing thereof, will at all times be deemed to be outstanding in reliance only on the exception in Section 7.2(a) and Section 7.2(b), respectively. 
 7.3 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except 
 (a) Liens for Taxes not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, to the extent required by GAAP 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings 
 (c) Liens, pledges or deposits in connection with workers compensation, insurance, unemployment insurance, other social security legislation and other similar obligations, including pursuant to Section 8a of the German Old Age Employees Retirement Act Altersteilzeitgesetz or Section 7e of the Fourth Book of the German Social Code 
 (d) Liens, pledges or deposits in connection with or to secure the performance of bids, supplier and other trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations (other than any such obligation imposed pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Code or Sections 303(k) or 4068 of ERISA), surety, customs, return-of-money and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and that do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries together with such other title and survey exceptions as shown on the title policies issued pursuant to Section 5.1(k)(iii) as may be approved by Administrative Agent hereunder 
 99 

(f) Liens in existence on the Closing Date listed on Schedule 7.3(f), securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.2(e) provided that no such Lien is spread to cover any additional property after the Closing Date and that the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased (other than, in the case of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness, by any Additional Permitted Amount) 
 (g) Liens securing Indebtedness of any Group Member incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(f) to finance the acquisition of fixed or capital assets (and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) provided that (i) such Liens shall be created within 180 days of the acquisition of such fixed or capital assets, (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof and (iii) the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased provided further that in the event that purchase money obligations are owed to any Person with respect to financing of more than one purchase of any fixed or capital assets, such Liens may secure all such purchase money obligations and may apply to all such fixed or capital assets financed by such Person 
 (h) (i) Liens on the Collateral created pursuant to the Security Documents (or any Term Loan Security Documents (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement)), (ii) Liens on cash granted in favor of any lender under the ABL Credit Agreement or the Issuing Lender (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) created as a result of any requirement to provide cash collateral pursuant to the ABL Credit Agreement, (iii) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, Liens on the Collateral created pursuant to the ABL Security Documents (or any ABL Security Documents (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement)) and (iv) Liens on the Collateral securing obligations in respect of any Replacement Financing and any corresponding security documents in respect of any Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (i) any interest or title of a lessor under any lease entered into by any Group Member in the ordinary course of its business and covering only the assets so leased 
 (j) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement relating to a Permitted Acquisition 
 (k) Liens in favor of any Loan Party so long as (in the case of any Lien granted by a Loan Party) such Liens are junior to the Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents 
 (l) Liens arising from filing Uniform Commercial Code or personal property security financing statements (or substantially equivalent filings outside of the United States) regarding leases 
 (m) any option or other agreement to purchase any asset of any Group Member, the purchase, sale or other disposition of which is not prohibited by Section 7.5 
 (n) Liens arising from the rendering of an interim or final judgment or order against any Group Member that does not give rise to an Event of Default 
 (o) Liens on property (including Capital Stock) existing at the time of the permitted acquisition of such property by any Group Member to the extent the Liens on such assets secure Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.2(o) or other obligations permitted by this Agreement provided that such Liens attach at all times only to the same assets or category of assets that such Liens (other than after acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien) attached to, and secure only the same Indebtedness or obligations (or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect 
 100 

thereof permitted by Section 7.2(o)) that such Liens secured, immediately prior to such permitted acquisition 
 (p) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and permitted by this Agreement 
 (q) non-exclusive licenses, sublicenses, leases and subleases of Intellectual Property of any Group Member in the ordinary course of business 
 (r) Liens encumbering reasonable and customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (s) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business 
 (t) Liens on premium refunds granted in favor of insurance companies (or their financing affiliates) in connection with the financing of insurance premiums 
 (u) banker s liens, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions and securities accounts and other financial assets maintained with a securities intermediary provided that such deposit accounts or funds and securities accounts or other financial assets are not established or deposited for the purpose of providing collateral for any Indebtedness and are not subject to restrictions on access by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in excess of those required by applicable banking regulations 
 (v) Liens (i) on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.7 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment, (ii) on or with respect to equity interests in joint ventures that secure the obligations of such joint venture and (iii) consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted by Section 7.5, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment (including such joint venture) or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien 
 (w) Liens of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(o), (s), (u) or (w) provided that such Liens are solely on the assets of such Restricted Subsidiary 
 (x) Liens on the Collateral securing the Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted pursuant to Section 7.2(t) provided that such Liens shall be (i) junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations and (ii) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 101 

(y) Liens not otherwise permitted by this Section so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the obligations secured thereby (as to all Group Members) does not exceed the greater of (i) 150,000,000 and (ii) 15.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any one time 
 (z) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the procurement of chassis to the extent such Liens apply to such chassis and the proceeds thereof 
 (aa) Liens securing receivables and factoring agreements and wholesale financing permitted under Section 7.2(r) provided that such Liens are solely on the property the subject thereof and proceeds (including insurance proceeds) thereof 
 (bb) Liens on the Collateral in respect of Incremental Equivalent Debt to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 7.2(p) and 
 (cc) Liens on property purportedly rented to, or leased by, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction permitted under Section 7.10 provided that (i) such Liens do not encumber any other property of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) such Liens secure only Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.2(x). 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.3, in the event that a Lien securing an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria for more than one of the categories of Liens described in clauses (a) through (cc) above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such Lien in a manner that complies with this Section 7.3 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Lien in one or more of the above clauses provided that all Liens securing Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Documents, any Replacement Financing and the ABL Credit Agreement, and, in each case, any Permitted Refinancing thereof, will at all times be deemed to be outstanding in reliance only on the exception in Section 7.3(h). 
 7.4 Fundamental Changes . Enter into any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, Division, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or Dispose of all or substantially all of its property or business, except that 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Borrower provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation) or with or into any other Restricted Subsidiary provided , that when any Subsidiary Guarantor is merging with or into another Restricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving corporation or the continuing or surviving corporation shall, substantially simultaneously with such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, become a Subsidiary Guarantor) 
 (b) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any other Person (other than the Borrower) in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.7 provided that if such Restricted Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Guarantor the continuing or surviving Person shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor 
 (c) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower may Dispose of any or all of its assets (i) to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) or (ii) pursuant to a Disposition permitted by Section 7.5 
 (d) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor may (i) dispose of any or all or substantially all of its assets to any Group Member (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) or (ii) liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interest of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and 
 102 

(e) any Restricted Subsidiary that is an LLC may consummate a Division of its assets and liabilities if, immediately upon the consummation of the Division, the assets and liabilities of the applicable Dividing LLC are held by one of more Restricted Subsidiaries provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Restricted Subsidiary which is a Division Successor resulting from a Division of assets of a Subsidiary that is not an Immaterial Subsidiary may not be deemed to be an Immaterial Subsidiary. 
 7.5 Disposition of Property . Dispose of any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary, issue or sell any shares of such Restricted Subsidiary s Capital Stock to any Person, except 
 (a) the Disposition of surplus, outdated, obsolete or worn out property (other than accounts receivable or inventory) in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) Dispositions of inventory, cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.4(c)(i) or Section 7.4(d)(i) 
 (d) the sale or issuance of any Restricted Subsidiary s Capital Stock to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor 
 (e) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and not as part of any accounts receivables financing transaction 
 (f) Dispositions of assets (including as a result of like-kind exchanges) to the extent that (i) such assets are exchanged for credit (on a fair market value basis) against the purchase price of similar or replacement assets or (ii) such asset is Disposed of for fair market value and the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of similar or replacement assets 
 (g) Dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any asset of any Group Member 
 (h) non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of intellectual property in the ordinary course of business, to the extent that they do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (i) the abandonment, cancellation, non-renewal or discontinuance of use or maintenance of non-material intellectual property or rights relating thereto that the Borrower determines in its reasonable judgment to be desirable to the conduct of its business and not materially disadvantageous to the interests of the Lenders 
 103 

(j) licenses, leases or subleases entered into in the ordinary course of business, to the extent that they do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (k) Dispositions to any Group Member provided that any such Disposition involving a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be made in compliance with Sections 7.7 and 7.9 
 (l) (i) Dispositions of assets to the extent that such Disposition constitutes an Investment referred to in and permitted by Section 7.7 (other than Investments referred to in and permitted by Section 7.7(q)), (ii) Dispositions of assets to the extent that such Disposition constitute a Restricted Payment referred to in and permitted by Section 7.6, (iii) Dispositions set forth on Schedule 7.5(l) and (iv) sale and leaseback transactions permitted under Section 7.10 
 (m) Dispositions by the Target or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with receivables and factoring agreements and wholesale financing incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(r) and 
 (n) other Dispositions of assets (including Capital Stock) provided that (i) it shall be for fair market value (reasonably determined by the Borrower, on the date the legally binding commitment for sale or disposition was entered into, in good faith), provided further that, if the fair market value exceeds 60,000,000, at least 75 of the total consideration (determined on the date the legally binding commitment for sale or disposition was entered into) received by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents, (ii) no Event of Default then exists or would result from such Disposition (except if such Disposition is made pursuant to an agreement entered into at a time when no Event of Default exists) and (iii) the requirements of Section 2.11(b), to the extent applicable, are complied with in connection therewith provided , however , that for purposes of clause (i) above, the following shall be deemed to be cash (A) any liabilities (as shown on the Borrower s or such Restricted Subsidiary s most recent balance sheet provided hereunder or in the footnotes thereto) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary (other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Obligations) that are assumed by the transferee with respect to the applicable Disposition and for which the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have been validly released by all applicable creditors in writing, (B) any securities received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received in the conversion) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (C) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this Section 7.5(n) that is at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) 100,000,000 and (y) 10.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA (with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) 
 (o) Dispositions of assets with a fair market value not exceeding the greater of 100,000,000 and 10.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA in any fiscal year of the Borrower and 
 (p) Excluded Dispositions. 
 7.6 Restricted Payments . Declare or pay any dividend (other than dividends payable solely in common stock of the Person making such dividend) on, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Capital Stock of any Group Member, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in obligations of any Group Member (collectively, Restricted Payments ), except that 
 104 

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments ratably to its equity holders (or if not ratably, on a basis more favorable to the Borrower and the other Loan Parties) 
 (b) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may purchase their common stock or common stock options from present or former officers or employees of any Group Member upon the death, disability or termination of employment of such officer or employee, provided , that the aggregate amount of payments under this Section 7.6(b) after the Closing Date (net of any proceeds received by the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date in connection with resales of any common stock or common stock options so purchased) shall not exceed 20,000,000 per year (with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over for one fiscal year (on a non-cumulative basis)) 
 (c) the Borrower may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Capital Stock payable solely in shares of Qualified Capital Stock 
 (d) the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may make cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares representing insignificant interests in the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock in the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary 
 (e) the Borrower may acquire its Capital Stock upon the exercise or settlement of stock options, restricted stock units or other similar awards and agreements for such Capital Stock of the Borrower if such Capital Stock represents a portion of the exercise price of such stock options or in connection with tax withholding obligations arising in connection with the exercise or settlement of such options, restricted stock units or other similar awards and agreements by, or the vesting of restricted Capital Stock or similar awards held by, any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of any Group Member, in each case consistent with past practice of the Borrower prior to the Closing Date 
 (f) the Borrower may convert or exchange any of its Capital Stock for or into Qualified Capital Stock 
 (g) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may on any date make Restricted Payments in an amount equal to the Available Amount on such date provided that at the time of the making of any such Restricted Payments and immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payments, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, is not in excess of 2.50 to 1.00 
 (h) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may on any date make additional Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed from and after the Closing Date the greater of (i) 100,000,000 and (ii) 10.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date of the making of such Restricted Payment) 
 (i) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may on any date make Restricted Payments provided that at the time of the making of any such Restricted Payments and immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payments, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, is not in excess of 1.75 to 1.00 
 105 

(j) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may make regularly scheduled dividends and regularly scheduled stock repurchases with respect to its Capital Stock not to exceed 125,000,000 in the aggregate per fiscal year of the Borrower (with 25 of any unused amounts in any fiscal year being carried over for one fiscal year (on a non-cumulative basis)) and 
 (k) the payment of any dividend or other distribution or the consummation of any irrevocable redemption within 60 days after the date of declaration of the dividend or other distribution or giving of the redemption notice, as the case may be, if at the date of declaration or notice, the dividend or other distribution or redemption payment would have complied with the provisions of this Agreement. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.6, in the event that a Restricted Payment meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Restricted Payments described in clauses (a) through (j) above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such Restricted Payment in a manner that complies with this Section 7.6 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Restricted Payment in one or more of the above clauses. 
 7.7 Investments . Make any advance, loan, extension of credit (by way of guaranty or otherwise) or capital contribution to, or purchase any Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of, or any assets constituting a business unit of, or make any other investment in, any other Person (including pursuant to the Division of any Person that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such Division) (all of the foregoing, Investments ), except 
 (a) extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) investments in cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (c) Guarantee Obligations permitted by Section 7.2 (other than (i) any Guarantee Obligations incurred by any Loan Party of obligations of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to Section 7.2(d), which Guarantee Obligations shall solely be permitted to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 7.7(g)(iii), (h) or (u) and (ii) any Guarantee Obligations incurred under Section 7.2(v), which Guarantee Obligations shall solely be permitted to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 7.7(v)) 
 (d) loans and advances to directors, officers and employees of any Group Member in the ordinary course of business (including for travel, entertainment and relocation expenses) in an aggregate amount for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries not to exceed 5,000,000 at any one time outstanding 
 (e) the Acquisition 
 (f) Investments in assets useful in the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, other than current assets, made by any Group Member with the proceeds of any Reinvestment Deferred Amount 
 106 

(g) intercompany Investments (i) by any Group Member in any Loan Party,(ii) by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor in any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor and (iii) by any Group Member in any Restricted Subsidiary provided that (x) the aggregate amount of Investments by Loan Parties to Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties pursuant to clause (ii), shall not exceed the greater of (x) 112,500,000 and (y) 11.25 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any one time outstanding and (y) any such Investments in the form of intercompany loans by any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be evidenced by notes that have been pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
 (h) any Permitted Acquisition provided that the aggregate amount of Investments pursuant to this Section 7.7(h) in respect of acquisitions of Persons that do not, upon acquisition thereof, become Subsidiary Guarantors, or property that is not, upon acquisition thereof, owned by Loan Parties (whether such Investment is consummated with cash or equity (including Disqualified Capital Stock of any Subsidiaries not organized under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States, but excluding any other equity of such Subsidiaries), as with such Investment as valued in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower) shall not exceed at any time outstanding the greater of (x) 112,500,000 and (y) 11.25 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date of consummation of such purchase or other acquisition (or at the Borrower s option, as of the date of entry into the binding documentation in respect of such purchase or other acquisition) 
 (i) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.5 
 (j) Investments acquired as a result of the purchase or other acquisition by any Group Member in connection with a Permitted Acquisition provided , that such Investments were not made in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition and were in existence at the time of such Permitted Acquisition 
 (k) Investments existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.7(k) and any modification, refinancing, renewal, refunding, replacement or extension thereof provided that the amount of any Investment permitted pursuant to this Section 7.7(k) is not increased from the amount of such Investment on the Closing Date 
 (l) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (m) Investments of a Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of an entity merged, consolidated, amalgamated or Divided with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case in accordance with Section 7.4 after the Closing Date, to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Division and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Division 
 (n) Guarantees by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of leases (other than Capital Lease Obligations) or of other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 107 

(o) Investments made to effect the pledges and deposits described in, and permitted under, Section 7.3(c) and (d) 
 (p) Investments by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that result solely from the receipt by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from any of its Subsidiaries of a dividend or other Restricted Payment in the form of Capital Stock, evidences of Indebtedness or other securities (but not any additions thereto made after the date of the receipt thereto) 
 (q) mergers, consolidations, amalgamations or Divisions permitted under Section 7.4 that do not involve any Person other than the Borrower and Restricted Subsidiaries that are Wholly Owned Subsidiaries 
 (r) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount at such time provided that at the time of the making of any such Investments and immediately after giving effect to such Investments, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, is not in excess of 3.25 to 1.00 
 (s) Investments in the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries to effect payments permitted under Section 7.8(a)(vii) provided that, unless the Indebtedness to which such payment is applied is subject to an event of default (or equivalent event) as a result the Transactions, such Investments are made on or prior to the date that is 9 months from the Closing Date 
 (t) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, other Investments, if, at the time of such Investment, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of such Investment, is not in excess of 2.25 to 1.00 
 (u) in addition to Investments otherwise expressly permitted by this Section, Investments by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount (valued at cost), taken together with all other outstanding Investments made pursuant to this Section 7.7(u), not to exceed from and after the Closing Date the greater of (i) 187,500,000 and (ii) 18.75 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date of the making of such Investment) 
 (v) (i) any Investment in any Joint Venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary and (ii) any Permitted Acquisition of Persons that do not, upon acquisition thereof, become Subsidiary Guarantors, and property that is not, upon acquisition thereof, owned by Loan Parties provided that the aggregate outstanding amount of the Investments and Permitted Acquisitions consummated pursuant to this Section 7.7(v) (with respect to Investments pursuant to clause (i), valued at cost, and with respect to Permitted Acquisitions pursuant to clause (ii), the Investment amount thereof shall be as valued in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower and shall include cash and equity (including Disqualified Capital Stock of any Subsidiaries not organized under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States, but excluding any other equity of such Subsidiaries), as valued in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower) shall not exceed at any time outstanding the greater of (i) 75,000,000 and (ii) 7.5 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date of the making of such Investment (or, with respect to a Permitted Acquisition, at the Borrower s option, as of the date of entry into the binding documentation in respect of such purchase or other acquisition)) 
 (w) Investments, taken together with all other outstanding Investments made pursuant to this Section 7.7(w), in an aggregate amount (valued at cost) not to exceed the Net Cash Proceeds (Not Otherwise Applied) received after the Closing Date and on or prior to such date from any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock by the Borrower (other than any such issuance to a Group Member) 
 108 

(x) Investments by the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with receivables and factoring agreements and wholesale financing outstanding pursuant to Section 7.2(r) and 
 (y) Investments by the Target or any of its Subsidiaries to fund the purchase of its rental vehicle inventory in the ordinary course of business, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 40,000,000 at any one time outstanding. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.7, in the event that an Investment meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Investments described in clauses (a) through (y) above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such Investment in a manner that complies with this Section 7.7 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Investment in one or more of the above clauses. 
 7.8 Optional Payments and Modifications of Certain Debt Instruments . (a) Make or offer to make any optional or voluntary payment, prepayment, repurchase or redemption of or otherwise optionally or voluntarily defease or segregate funds with respect to any Junior Indebtedness (any of the foregoing, a Restricted Debt Payment other than 
 (i) refinancings of Junior Indebtedness with the proceeds of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness permitted in respect thereof under Section 7.2 
 (ii) payments of or in respect of Junior Indebtedness made solely with the proceeds from the issuance of Qualified Capital Stock or the conversion of any Junior Indebtedness into Qualified Capital Stock 
 (iii) prepayments of intercompany Junior Indebtedness permitted hereunder owed by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary provided that no prepayment of any Junior Indebtedness owed by any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be permitted so long as an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom 
 (iv) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed from and after the Closing Date the greater of (i) 100,000,000 and (ii) 10.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date of the making of such Restricted Debt Payment) 
 (v) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Restricted Debt Payments in an amount equal to the Available Amount on such date provided that at the time of the making of such Restricted Debt Payment using amounts included in the Available Amount through clause (a)(i) of the definition thereof and immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Debt Payment, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, is not in excess of 2.50 to 1.00 
 (vi) in addition to the other Restricted Debt Payments permitted by this Section 7.8, and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Restricted Debt Payments if, at the time of making such Restricted Debt Payment and immediately after giving effect thereto, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, is not in excess of 2.25 to 1.00 
 109 

(vii) Restricted Debt Payments in respect of the Continuing External Debt and 
 (viii) Restricted Debt Payments consisting of regularly scheduled principal and interest. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.8(a), in no event shall any payment in respect of Subordinated Indebtedness be permitted if such payment is in violation of the subordination provisions of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.8(a), in the event that a Restricted Debt Payment meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Restricted Debt Payments described in clauses (i) through (viii) above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such Restricted Debt Payment in a manner that complies with this Section 7.8(a) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Restricted Debt Payment in one or more of the above clauses. 
 (b) Amend, modify, waive or otherwise change, or consent or agree to any amendment, modification, waiver or other change to, any of the terms of any Junior Indebtedness (other than any such amendment, modification, waiver or other change that would not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Lenders so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result thereform). 
 7.10 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any transaction, including any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with any Affiliate (other than (x) transactions between or among the Loan Parties and (y) transactions between or among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries consistent with past practices and made in the ordinary course of business) unless such transaction is (a) otherwise permitted under this Agreement and (b) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the relevant Group Member than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate provided that the foregoing restriction in clause (b) shall not apply to (i) transactions permitted under Section 7.6 (ii) the payment of customary directors fees and indemnification and reimbursement of expenses to directors, officers or employees (iii) any issuance of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Borrower s board of directors (iv) employment and severance arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any employee thereof, approved by the Borrower s board of directors (v) intercompany transactions undertaken in good faith (as certified by a Responsible Officer) for the purpose of improving the consolidated tax efficiency of the Group Members, (vi) Investments permitted by Section 7.7(d), (vi) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.2(c), (d) and (q), (vii) the Restricted Debt Payments permitted pursuant to Section 7.8 and (vii) transactions disclosed in the Borrower s most recent definitive proxy statement, Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or subsequent 8-K SEC filings made prior to the Closing Date. 
 7.11 Sales and Leasebacks . Enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by any Group Member of real or personal property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by such Group Member to such Person or to any other Person to whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such Person on the security of such property or rental obligations of such Group Member, unless (a) the Disposition of the property subject to such transaction is permitted by Section 7.5 and the Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Liens with respect to such transaction pursuant to Section 7.3 and Indebtedness in an amount equal to the Attributable Indebtedness 
 110 

with respect to such transaction pursuant to Section 7.2, (b) the Net Cash Proceeds received by the applicable Group Member in connection with such transaction are at least equal to the fair market value (as determined by the board of directors of the Borrower or a member of the senior management of the Borrower) of such property and (c) the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary applies the Net Cash Proceeds of such transaction in accordance with Section 2.11 provided that the aggregate amount of consideration paid to the Group Members (and the aggregate principal amount of any Attributable Indebtedness) in respect of transactions permitted under this Section 7.10 shall not exceed 75,000,000. 
 7.11 Swap Agreements . Enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which any Group Member has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Capital Stock) and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of any Group Member. 
 7.12 Changes in Fiscal Periods . Permit the fiscal year of the Borrower to end on a day other than July 31 or change the Borrower s method of determining fiscal quarters, in each case without the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 7.13 Negative Pledge Clauses . Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of any Group Member to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired to secure its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party other than (a) (i) this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the ABL Loan Documents, (ii) any agreement governing any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2 to the extent such prohibition or limitation is customary in agreements governing Indebtedness of such type and in any event so long as such agreement is not more restrictive than the Loan Documents and (iii) any agreement governing any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Loans, the ABL Loans or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2, in each case, with respect to this clause (iii), so long as any such agreement is not more restrictive than the Loan Documents, the ABL Loan Documents or the documents governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, as applicable, (b) any agreements governing any purchase money Liens or Capital Lease Obligations otherwise permitted hereby (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets financed thereby), (c) any agreement in effect at the time any Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such prohibition or limitation applies only to such Restricted Subsidiary (and, if applicable, its Subsidiaries) and such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, as such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented, modified extended renewed or replaced, so long as such amendment, restatement, supplement, modification, extension, renewal or replacement does not expand in any material respect the scope of any restriction contemplated by this Section 7.13 contained therein, (d) customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting, sublicensing, pledging or other transfers contained in leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, so long as such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, as the case may be,(e) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Restricted Subsidiary or any assets pending such sale, provided that such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Restricted Subsidiary or assets that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder and (f) customary restrictions in the definitive documentation governing any of the Target or its Restricted Subsidiaries receivables or factoring facilities or wholesale financing consistent with the Target s past practice prior to the Closing Date, so long as such restrictions relate only to the accounts receivable subject to such arrangement and or to distributions from any special purpose vehicle conducting such arrangement. 
 111 

7.14 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions . Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower to (a) make Restricted Payments in respect of any Capital Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary held by, or pay any Indebtedness owed to, any Group Member, (b) make loans or advances to, or other Investments in, any Group Member or (c) transfer any of its assets to any Group Member, except for (i) any encumbrances or restrictions existing under (A) this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the ABL Loan Documents, (B) any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2 so long as such encumbrance or restriction is customary in agreements governing Indebtedness of such type and is no more restrictive than the Loan Documents or (C) any agreement governing Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Loans, any ABL Loans or any other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2, in each case so long as any such agreement is not more restrictive than the Loan Documents, the ABL Loan Documents or the documents governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, as applicable, (ii) any encumbrances or restrictions with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into in connection with the Disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary, (iii) any encumbrance or restriction applicable to a Restricted Subsidiary (and, if applicable, its Subsidiaries) under any agreement of such Restricted Subsidiary in effect at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, as such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented, modified extended renewed or replaced, so long as such amendment, restatement, supplement, modification, extension, renewal or replacement does not expand in any material respect the scope of any restriction contemplated by this Section 7.14 contained therein, (iv) customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting, sublicensing, pledging or other transfers contained in leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, so long as such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, as the case may be and (v) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Restricted Subsidiary or any assets pending such sale, provided that such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Restricted Subsidiary or assets that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder. 
 7.15 Lines of Business . Enter into any business, either directly or through any Restricted Subsidiary, except for those businesses in which the Group Members were engaged on the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Acquisition) or that are reasonably related, ancillary or complementary thereto. 
 7.16 Amendments to Acquisition Documents . Following the Closing Date, amend, supplement or otherwise modify the terms and conditions of the Acquisition Documentation except for any such amendment, supplement or modification that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.17 Use of Proceeds . Request any Loan, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Restricted Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Loan (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent that such activities, business or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or a European Union member state or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 112 

7.18 Repayment. The Borrower shall not, and shall procure that its Restricted Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not, fund any repayment of any Loan or Letter of Credit with proceeds derived from a transaction prohibited by Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or Sanctions or in any manner that would cause a Party to be in breach of any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or Sanctions. 
 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 If any of the following events shall occur and be continuing 
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when due in accordance with the terms hereof or the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, within five days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or 
 (b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan Document shall prove to have been inaccurate in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made or 
 (c) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in clause (i) or (ii) of Section 6.4(a) (with respect to the Borrower only), Section 6.7(a) or Section 7 of this Agreement or Section 5.13 of the Security Agreement or 
 (d) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this Section), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice to the Borrower from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders or 
 (e) any Group Member shall (i) default in making any payment of any principal of any Material Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation, but excluding the Loans) on the scheduled or original due date with respect thereto or (ii) default in making any payment of any interest on any such Material Indebtedness beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Material Indebtedness was created or (iii)except in the case of the Continuing External Debt, default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or beneficiary of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or beneficiary) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Material Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Guarantee Obligation) to become payable or 
 (f) (i) any Group Member shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future Debtor Relief Laws, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, trustee, monitor, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets or (ii) there shall be commenced against any Group Member any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above that (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed or undischarged for a period of 60 days or (iii) there shall be commenced 
 113 

against any Group Member any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof or (iv) any Group Member shall take any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above or (v) any Group Member shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due or (vi) or any Group Member shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or 
 (g) (i) an ERISA Event and or a Foreign Plan Event shall have occurred (ii) a trustee shall be appointed by a United States district court to administer any Pension Plan (iii) the PBGC shall institute proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan (iv) any Group Member or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred or will be assessed Withdrawal Liability to such Multiemployer Plan and such entity does not have reasonable grounds for contesting such Withdrawal Liability or is not contesting such Withdrawal Liability in a timely and appropriate manner or (v) any other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan, a Foreign Benefit Arrangement, or a Foreign Plan and in each case in clauses (i) through (v) above, such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, if any, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (h) one or more judgments or decrees shall be entered against any Group Member involving in the aggregate a liability (not paid or covered by insurance to the extent as to which the insurer has not disputed coverage) of 100,000,000 or more, and all such judgments or decrees shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within 30 days from the entry thereof or 
 (i) any of the Security Documents or the Intercreditor Agreement shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect, or any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party shall so assert, or any Lien created by any of the Security Documents shall cease to be enforceable and of the same effect and priority purported to be created thereby (and, for the avoidance of doubt, as required by the Intercreditor Agreement), except (i) the release thereof as provided in Section 10.14 or (ii) as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent (or its agent or bailee in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) to maintain possession of any stock certificates, promissory notes or other instruments delivered to it under the Security Agreement or 
 (j) the guarantee contained in Article II of the Guarantee Agreement shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party shall so assert, except the release thereof as provided in Section 10.14 or 
 (k) the subordination provisions contained in any Subordinated Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount in excess of 100,000,000 shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect, or any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party shall so assert or 
 (l) a Change of Control shall occur 
 then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (f) above with respect to the Borrower, automatically the Commitments shall immediately terminate and the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall immediately become due and payable, and (B) if such event is any other Event of Default, either or both of the following actions may be taken with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) 
 114 

and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. Except as expressly provided above in this Section, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. 
 In addition to any other rights and remedies granted to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise all rights and remedies of a secured party under the New York Uniform Commercial Code or any other applicable law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, without demand of performance or other demand, presentment, protest, advertisement or notice of any kind (except any notice required by law referred to below) to or upon any Loan Party or any other Person (all and each of which demands, defenses, advertisements and notices are hereby waived), may in such circumstances forthwith collect, receive, appropriate and realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, or consent to the use by the Loan Parties of any cash collateral arising in respect of the Collateral on such terms as the Administrative Agent deems reasonable, and or may forthwith sell, lease, assign give an option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver, or acquire by credit bid on behalf of the Lenders, the Collateral or any part thereof (or contract to do any of the foregoing), in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange, broker s board or office of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or elsewhere, upon such terms and conditions as it may deem advisable and at such prices as it may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, all without assumption of any credit risk. The Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have the right upon any such public sale or sales, and, to the extent permitted by law, upon any such private sale or sales, to purchase the whole or any part of the Collateral so sold, free of any right or equity of redemption in any Loan Party, which right or equity is hereby waived and released. The Borrower further agrees, at the Administrative Agent s request, to assemble, or cause the applicable Loan Party to assemble, the Collateral and make it available to the Administrative Agent at places which the Administrative Agent shall reasonably select, whether at the Borrower s or such Loan Party s premises or elsewhere. The Administrative Agent shall apply the net proceeds of any action taken by it pursuant to this Section 8, after deducting all reasonable costs and expenses of every kind incurred in connection therewith or incidental to the care or safekeeping of any of the Collateral or in any other way relating to the Collateral or the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, to the payment in whole or in part of the obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents, in such order as the Administrative Agent may elect, and only after such application and after the payment by the Administrative Agent of any other amount required by any provision of law, including Section 9-615(a)(3) of the New York UCC, need the Administrative Agent account for the surplus, if any, to any Loan Party. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties, waives all claims, damages and demands it or any other Loan Party may acquire against the Administrative Agent or any Lender arising out of the exercise by them of any rights hereunder. If any notice of a proposed sale or other disposition of Collateral shall be required by law, such notice shall be deemed reasonable and proper if given at least 10 days before such sale or other disposition. 
 SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 
 9.1 Appointment . Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Administrative Agent as the agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and each such Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the 
 115 

Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. 
 9.2 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions . No Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except to the extent that any of the foregoing are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from its or such Person s (respectively) own gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Agents under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for any failure of any Loan Party a party thereto to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. The Agents shall not be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party. 
 9.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any instrument, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, facsimile or e-mail message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders) as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Loans. 
 9.5 Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The 
 116 

Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders) provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders. 
 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders . Each Lender expressly acknowledges that none of the Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates have made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent to any Lender. Each Lender represents to the Agents that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, any arranger of the Term Facility or any amendment thereto or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their affiliates and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, any arranger of the Term Facility or any amendment thereto or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their affiliates. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party that may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates. 
 9.7 Indemnification . The Lenders agree to severally indemnify each Agent and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, advisors and controlling persons (each, an Agent Indemnitee (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Aggregate Exposure Percentages in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Aggregate Exposure Percentages immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent Indemnitee under or in connection with any of the foregoing provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent Indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 117 

9.8 Agent in Its Individual Capacity . Each Agent and its affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party as though such Agent were not an Agent. With respect to its Loans made or renewed by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders shall include each Agent in its individual capacity 
 9.9 Successor Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent upon 30 days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. If the Administrative Agent shall resign as Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, then the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders, which successor agent shall (unless a Specified Event of Default with respect to the Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing) be subject to approval by the Borrower (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Administrative Agent, and the term Administrative Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Administrative Agent s rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any holders of the Loans. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as Administrative Agent by the date that is 30 days following a retiring Administrative Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective, and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Section 9 and of Section 10.5 shall continue to inure to its benefit 
 9.10 Arranger, Syndication Agent and Documentation Agents . None of the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent or the Documentation Agents shall have any duties or responsibilities hereunder in their respective capacities as such. 
 9.11 Credit Bidding . The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of 
 118 

closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.1), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata and the equity interests and or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 
 9.12 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, , 
 119 

the Commitments and this Agreement, and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder are and will continue to be satisfied in connection therewith, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or the Joint Leader Arrangers or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto), 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Joint Leader Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 9.13 Flood Laws . JPMCB has adopted internal policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders under the Flood Laws. JPMCB, as administrative agent or collateral agent on a syndicated facility, will post on the applicable electronic platform (or otherwise distribute to each Lender in the syndicate) documents that it receives in connection with the Flood Laws. However, JPMCB reminds each Lender and Participant in the facility that, pursuant to the Flood Laws, each federally regulated Lender (whether acting as a Lender or Participant in the facility) is responsible for assuring its own compliance with the flood insurance requirements. 
 120 

9.14 Release from any Restrictions on Representing Several Persons and Self-Dealing . For the purpose of performing its rights and obligations as Administrative Agent, each Secured Party hereby authorizes, and each future Secured Party by becoming a party to this Agreement in accordance with its terms authorizes, the Administrative Agent to act as its agent Stellvertreter ), and, to the extent possible, releases the Administrative Agent from any restrictions on representing several persons and self-dealing under any applicable law, and in particular from the restrictions of Section 181 of the German Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch ). The Administrative Agent has the power to grant sub-power of attorney, including the release from the restrictions of section 181 of the German Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch ). A Secured Party which is barred from its constitutional documents or by-laws from granting such exemption shall inform the Administrative Agent thereof within reasonable time after becoming a Secured Party and, upon request of the Administrative Agent thereof within reasonable time after becoming a Secured Party and, upon request of the Administrative Agent, promptly enter such documents and make such declarations as may be required to effect any amendment or waiver permitted by this Section 9.14 or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 9.15 Acknowledgements of Lenders. 
 (a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 9.15 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 121 

(c) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds of the Borrower or any other Loan Party. 
 (d) Each party s obligations under this Section 9.15 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.1 Amendments and Waivers . Subject to Section 2.16(b), (c) and (d), neither this Agreement, any other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.1. The Required Lenders and each Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, or, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, from time to time, (a) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences provided , however , that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall (i) forgive the principal amount or extend the final scheduled date of maturity of any Loan, extend the scheduled date of any amortization payment in respect of any Term Loan, reduce the stated rate of any interest or fee payable hereunder (except (x) in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates (which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Majority Facility Lenders of each adversely affected Facility) and (y) that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (i)) or extend the scheduled date of any payment thereof, or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Lender s Commitment, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (ii) eliminate or reduce the voting rights of any Lender under this Section 10.1 without the written consent of such Lender (iii) reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders without the written consent of each Lender, reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Majority Facility Lenders without the written consent of each Lender of the applicable Facility or change any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Facility) required to waive, amend or otherwise modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder without the written consent of each Lender (or each Lender of the applicable Facility, as applicable), (iv) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, release all or substantially all of the Collateral or release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their guarantee of the Obligations, in each case without the written consent of all Lenders (v) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.17(a) or (b) without the written consent of each Lender in respect of each Facility adversely affected thereby (vi) reduce the amount of Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow required to be applied to prepay Loans under this Agreement without the written consent of the Majority Facility Lenders with respect to each 
 122 

Facility adversely affected thereby or (vii) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 9 or any other provision of any Loan Document that affects the Administrative Agent without the written consent of the Administrative Agent. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and all future holders of the Loans. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (a) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Term Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (b) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Majority Facility Lenders, (ii) no Lender consent is required to effect any amendment or supplement to any intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement that is for the purpose of adding the holders of any Indebtedness as expressly contemplated by the terms of such intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement, as applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes to the applicable intercreditor agreement as, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, are required to effectuate the foregoing and provided that such other changes are not adverse, in any material respect, to the interests of the Lenders) provided, further, that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and (iii) guarantees, collateral documents and related documents executed by Loan Parties in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be, together with any other Loan Document, entered into, amended, supplemented or waived, without the consent of any other person, by the applicable Loan Party or Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, to (A) effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties, (B) as required by local law to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any property or so that the security interests therein comply with applicable Requirements of Law, or (C) to cure ambiguities, omissions, mistakes or defects or to cause such guarantee, collateral security document or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Administrative Agent, with the consent of the Borrower, may amend, modify or supplement any Loan Document without the consent of any Lender or the Required Lenders in order to correct, amend or cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or defect or correct any typographical error or other manifest error in any Loan Document and (ii) the Loan Documents may be amended in accordance with Sections 2.24, 2.25, 2.26 and 2.27. 
 10.2 Notices . All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile or e-mail), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered, or three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or one Business Day after being deposited, prepaid, with an overnight courier, or, in the case of facsimile or e-mail notice, when received, addressed as follows in the case of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and as set forth in an 
 123 

administrative questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent in the case of the Lenders, or to such other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto 
 Borrower Thor Industries, Inc. 
 601 East Beardsley Ave. 
 Elkhart, IN 46514-3305 
 Attention Colleen Zuhl, Senior Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Facsimile +1 855-692-6498 
 E-mail czuhl thorindustries.com 
 
 with a copy to Thor Industries, Inc. 
 601 East Beardsley Ave. 
 Elkhart, IN 46514-3305 
 Attn Todd Woelfer Trevo r G asper , Senior Vice 
 President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 Facsimile 866-549-4259 
 Email twoelfer tgasper thorindustries.com 
 
 and Baker & McKenzie LLP 
 1900 N. Pearl Street, Suite 1500 
 Dallas, Texas 75201 
 Attention Crews Lott 
 Facsimile +1 214-965-5989 
 Email crews.lott bakermckenzie.com 
 
 Administrative Agent JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 10 South Dearborn Street 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attention Briahna Amos 
 Telephone 312-954-1388 
 Facsimile 844-490-5663 
 E-mail jpm.agency.cri jpmchase.com 
 provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall not be effective until received. 
 Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Section 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, each in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 10.3 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and 
 124 

privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder. 
 10.5 Payment of Expenses and Taxes . The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers for all of their respective reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the syndication of the Commitments and the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver with respect thereto, and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and, if necessary, one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction and filing and recording fees and expenses, with statements with respect to the foregoing to be submitted to the Borrower at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date (in the case of amounts to be paid on the Closing Date) and from time to time thereafter on a quarterly basis or such other periodic basis as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate, (b) to pay or reimburse each Lender and the Administrative Agent for all of their reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, including the fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and including all costs and expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations provided that fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel set forth in this clause (b) shall be limited to fees, disbursements and other charges of (i) one counsel to the Administrative Agent and for the Lenders (taken together as a single group or client), (ii) if necessary, one local counsel required in any relevant local jurisdiction (which may include a single counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and applicable special regulatory counsel and (iii) if representation of the Administrative Agent and or all Lenders in such matter by a single counsel would be inappropriate based on the advice of legal counsel due to the existence of an actual or potential conflict of interest or the availability of different claims or defenses (as reasonably determined by the affected party), of another firm of counsel for similarly affected parties and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in any relevant local jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for such affected parties and one firm of special regulatory counsel for such affected Lender, (c) to pay, indemnify, and hold each Lender and the Administrative Agent harmless from, any and all recording and filing fees and any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, stamp, excise and other Taxes, if any, that may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of, or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, and (d) to pay, indemnify, and hold each Lender, the Arrangers and each Agent, their respective affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and controlling persons (each, an Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, including any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto and whether or not the same are brought by the Borrower, its equity holders, affiliates or creditors or any other Person, including any of the foregoing relating to any action taken in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, 
 125 

the payment of principal, interest and fees, the use of proceeds of the Loans or the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under, any Environmental Law applicable to the operations of any Group Member or any of the Properties and the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of legal counsel (limited to reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of one primary counsel for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and one firm of special regulatory counsel for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, where an Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected Indemnitee and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for such affected Indemnitee and one firm of special regulatory counsel for such affected Indemnitee)) in connection with claims, actions or proceedings by any Indemnitee against any Loan Party under any Loan Document (all the foregoing in this clause (d), collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ), provided , that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or controlling persons) provided , further , that this Section 10.5(d) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. Without limiting the foregoing, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower agrees not to assert and to cause its Subsidiaries not to assert, and hereby waives and agrees to cause its Subsidiaries to waive, all rights for contribution or any other rights of recovery with respect to all claims, demands, penalties, fines, liabilities, settlements, damages, costs and expenses of whatever kind or nature, under or related to Environmental Laws, that any of them might have by statute or otherwise against any Indemnitee. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission systems, except to the extent any such damages are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or controlling persons). No Indemnitee shall be liable for any indirect, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. All amounts due under this Section 10.5 shall be payable not later than 10 days after written demand therefor. The agreements in this Section 10.5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 10.6 Successors and Assigns Participations and Assignments . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees (each, an Assignee ), all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent of 
 126 

(A) the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund (as defined below) or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other Person and provided , further , that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless the Borrower shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after having received notice thereof and 
 (B) the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan to a Lender, an affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitments or Loans under any Facility, the amount of the Commitments or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 1,000,000) unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that (1) no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (2) such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its affiliates or Approved Funds, if any 
 (B) (1) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 and (2) the assigning Lender shall have paid in full any amounts owing by it to the Administrative Agent and 
 (C) the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 For the purposes of this Section 10.6, Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) below, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 10.5). Any assignment or transfer by 
 127 

a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 10.6 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Assignee, the Assignee s completed administrative questionnaire (unless the Assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (vi) Each assignee, by its execution and delivery of an Assignment and Assumption, shall be deemed to have represented to the assigning Lender and the Administrative Agent that such assignee is an Eligible Assignee. In no event shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any prospective assignee is an Eligible Assignee or have any liability with respect to any assignment made to a Disqualified Lender or any other Person that is not an Eligible Assignee. 
 (vii) Any assignment to a Disqualified Lender in violation of this Section 10.6 shall not be void, but the provisions of Section 10.6(g) shall apply. 
 (c) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more Eligible Assignees (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that (i) requires the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby pursuant to the proviso to the second sentence of Section 10.1 and (ii) directly affects such Participant. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.22 with respect to any Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19 and 2.20 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.19(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.19(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its 
 128 

interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (i) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (ii) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.18 or 2.19, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from an adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by any Lender with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority made subsequent to the Closing Date that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.7(b) as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant shall be subject to Section 10.7(a) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central banking authority, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or Assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. The Borrower, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant Lender, agrees to issue Notes to any Lender requiring Notes to facilitate transactions of the type described in this paragraph (d). 
 (e) Any Lender may, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no proceeds of ABL Loans are used, directly or indirectly, to fund the consideration for any such assignment, at any time assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations with respect to Term Loans under a Facility under this Agreement to the Borrower through (x) Dutch auctions open to all Lenders under such Facility on a pro rata basis in accordance with Section 2.25 or (y) notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, open market purchases on a non pro rata basis provided that, in connection with assignments pursuant to clause (y) above, (A) at the time of any such assignment, the Borrower shall make a No Undisclosed Information Representation, (B) any Term Loans assigned to the Borrower shall be automatically and permanently cancelled upon the effectiveness of such assignment and will thereafter no longer be outstanding for any purpose hereunder, and such Term Loans may not be resold (it being understood and agreed that any gains or losses by the Borrower upon purchase or acquisition and cancellation of such Term Loans shall not be taken into account in the calculation of Excess Cash Flow, Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA) and (C) the Borrower shall promptly provide notice to the Administrative Agent of such assignment of such Term Loans and the Administrative Agent, upon receipt of such notice, shall reflect the cancellation of the applicable Term Loans in the Register. 
 129 

(f) The Disqualified Lenders List (i) shall be made available to the Lenders by posting on IntraLinks IntraAgency or another relevant Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) and (ii) shall be provided to any Lender upon request by such Lender to the Administrative Agent. A Lender may provide the Disqualified Lenders List to any potential assignee or participant on a confidential basis in accordance with Section 10.15 hereof for the purpose of verifying whether such Person is a Disqualified Lender. 
 (g) (i) If any assignment or participation is made to any Disqualified Lender in violation of this Section 10.6, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Lender and the Administrative Agent, (A) purchase or prepay such Term Loan by paying the lowest of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender paid to acquire such Term Loans, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and or (B) require such Disqualified Lender to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 10.6), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees at the lowest of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Lenders (A) will not (x) have the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Lender will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Lender consented to such matter, and (y) for purposes of voting on any Bankruptcy Plan, each Disqualified Lender party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such Bankruptcy Plan, (2) if such Disqualified Lender does vote on such Bankruptcy Plan notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such Bankruptcy Plan in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2). 
 10.7 Adjustments Set-off . (a) Except to the extent that this Agreement or a court order expressly provides for payments to be allocated to a particular Lender or to the Lenders under a particular Facility, if any Lender (a Benefitted Lender shall receive any payment of all or part of the Obligations owing to it (other than in connection with an assignment made pursuant to Section 10.6), or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Section 8(f), or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of the Obligations owing to such other Lender, such Benefitted Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a 
 130 

participating interest in such portion of the Obligations owing to each such other Lender, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefitted Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral ratably with each of the Lenders provided , however , that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefitted Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 
 (b) In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, each Lender shall have the right, without notice to the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon any Obligations becoming due and payable by the Borrower (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to apply to the payment of such Obligations, by setoff or otherwise, any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, other than Excluded Accounts), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender, any affiliate thereof or any of their respective branches or agencies to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such application made by such Lender, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such application. 
 10.8 Counterparts . 
 (a) This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by e-mail or facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby(i) agrees that, 
 131 

for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower and or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 10.9 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 10.10 Integration . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents or any fee letters related thereto. 
 10.11 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 10.12 Submission To Jurisdiction Waivers . The Borrower and each Credit Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
 (a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States for the Southern District of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan (or in the event such courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, to the courts of the State of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan), and appellate courts from any thereof provided , that nothing contained herein or in any other Loan Document will prevent any Lender or the Administrative Agent from bringing any action to enforce any award or judgment or exercise any right under the Security Documents or against any Collateral or any other property of any Loan Party in any other forum in which jurisdiction can be established 
 132 

(b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same 
 (c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the Borrower or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent or any applicable Credit Party, at its address set forth in Section 10.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent or other applicable party shall have been notified pursuant thereto 
 (d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law and 
 (e) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section any indirect, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 10.14 Acknowledgements . The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Loan Parties and the Credit Parties is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, irrespective of whether the Credit Parties have advised or are advising the Loan Parties on other matters, and the relationship between the Credit Parties, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, in connection herewith and therewith is solely that of creditor and debtor, (b) the Credit Parties, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, have an arm s length business relationship that does not directly or indirectly give rise to, nor do the Loan Parties rely on, any fiduciary duty to the Loan Parties or their affiliates on the part of the Credit Parties, (c) the Loan Parties are capable of evaluating and understanding, and the Loan Parties understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (d) the Loan Parties have been advised that the Credit Parties are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from the Loan Parties interests and that the Credit Parties have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Loan Parties, (e) the Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent the Loan Parties have deemed appropriate in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (f) each Credit Party has been, is, and will be acting solely as a principal and, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing by it and the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Loan Parties, any of their affiliates or any other Person, (g) none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to the Loan Parties or their affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents except those obligations expressly set forth herein or therein or in any other express writing executed and delivered by such Credit Party and the Loan Parties or any such affiliate and (h) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Credit Parties or among the Loan Parties and the Credit Parties. 
 11.14 Releases of Guarantees and Liens . (a) Upon any sale, transfer or other Disposition by any Loan Party (other than any such sale, transfer or other Disposition to another Loan Party) of any Collateral in a transaction permitted by this Agreement, upon the pledge by any Loan Party (other than any such pledge in favor of another Loan Party), or upon the effectiveness of any written consent to the release of the security interest in any Collateral created under any Security Document pursuant to Section 10.1, the security interests in such Collateral created by the Security Documents shall be automatically released. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this clause (a), the 
 133 

Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, upon delivery of a certificate from such Loan Party confirming such termination or release is permitted under the Loan Documents, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such release. 
 (b) At such time as the Loans and the other obligations (other than indemnification or reimbursement obligations under Section 2.18, 2.19(a), 2.19(d) or 2.20 for which the Borrower has not been notified and contingent indemnification obligations) under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full and the Commitments have been terminated, the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by the Security Documents, and the Security Documents and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party under the Security Documents shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this clause (b), the Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender (without requirement of notice to or consent of any Lender except as expressly required by Section 10.1) to take any action requested by the Borrower having the effect of releasing any Collateral, Guarantee Obligations or the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under any Loan Documents if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents (i) to the extent necessary to permit consummation of any transaction not prohibited by any Loan Document or that has been consented to in accordance with Section 10.1 or (ii) under the circumstances described in paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
 10.15 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees to keep confidential all non-public information provided to it by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement that is designated by the provider thereof as confidential provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Administrative Agent or any Lender from disclosing any such information (a) to the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or any affiliate thereof, (b) subject to an agreement to comply with the provisions of this Section, to any actual or prospective Transferee or any direct or indirect counterparty to any Swap Agreement (or any professional advisor to such counterparty), (c) to its employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors or those of any of its affiliates, (d) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority, (e) in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or as may otherwise be required pursuant to any Requirement of Law, (f) if required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding, (g) that has been publicly disclosed (other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.15), (h) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Lender s investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender, (i) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the extent relevant to the proceedings, (j) to data service providers (including league table providers) that serve the lending industry to the extent such information is of the type customarily provided to such providers or (k) if agreed by the Borrower in its sole discretion, to any other Person. 
 134 

Each Lender acknowledges that information furnished to it pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities, and confirms that it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and that it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with those procedures and applicable law, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 All information, including requests for waivers and amendments, furnished by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to, or in the course of administering, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will be syndicate-level information, which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities. Accordingly, each Lender represents to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it has identified in its administrative questionnaire a credit contact who may receive information that may contain material non-public information in accordance with its compliance procedures and applicable law, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 The Borrower represents and warrants that it and its Subsidiaries either (i) have no registered or publicly traded securities outstanding, or (ii) files its financial statements with the SEC and or makes its financial statements available to potential holders of its 144A securities, and, accordingly, the Borrower hereby (A) authorizes the Administrative Agent to make the financial statements to be provided under Section 6.1(a) and (b), along with the Loan Documents, available to Public-Siders and (B) agrees that at the time such financial statements are provided hereunder, they shall already have been made available to holders of its securities. The Borrower will not request that any other material be posted to Public-Siders without expressly representing and warranting to the Administrative Agent in writing that such materials do not constitute material non-public information within the meaning of the federal securities laws or that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have no outstanding publicly traded securities, including 144A securities. For the avoidance of doubt, the Projections shall not be posted to Public-Siders. 
 The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Loan Parties hereunder (collectively, the Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks IntraAgency or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders may be Public-Siders. If any Borrower Materials are designated by the Loan Parties as PRIVATE , such Borrower Materials will not be made available to that portion of the Platform designated Public Investor, which is intended to contain only information that is either publicly available or not material information (though it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their securities for purposes of federal and state securities laws. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PRIVATE or CONFIDENTIAL as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their securities for purposes of federal and state securities laws. 
 10.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN . 
 10.17 USA Patriot Act . Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which 
 135 

information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 10.18 Intercreditor Agreement . Each Lender hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent (a) to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement on its behalf, perform the Intercreditor Agreement on its behalf and take any actions thereunder as determined by the Administrative Agent to be necessary or advisable to protect the interest of the Lenders, and each Lender agrees to be bound by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and (b) to enter into any other intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent on its behalf, perform such intercreditor agreement on its behalf and take any actions thereunder as determined by the Administrative Agent to be necessary or advisable to protect the interests of the Lenders, and each Lender agrees to be bound by the terms of such intercreditor agreement. Each Lender acknowledges that the Intercreditor Agreement governs, among other things, Lien priorities and rights of the Lenders and the ABL Secured Parties (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) with respect to the Collateral, including the ABL Priority Collateral. 
 10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 
 Signature Pages to Follow 
 136 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 THOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

Signature Page to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 137 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as 
 Administrative Agent and Lender 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

Signature Page to Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 138 

Exhibit B 
 to Amendment No. 2 to TL Credit Agreement 

Form of Borrowing Request 
 
 See Attached 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to TL Credit Agreement 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF 
 BORROWING REQUEST 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Telephone 312-954-1388 
 Facsimile 844-490-5663 
 Email jpm.agency.cri jpmchase.com 
 
 Attention Briahna Amos 
 Date 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of February 1, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2021, Amendment No. 2 to the TL Credit Facility dated May 9, 2023 and as further amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Thor Industries, Inc. (the Borrower ), each lender from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. This notice constitutes a Borrowing Request and the Borrower hereby gives you notice, pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, that it requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to such Borrowing 
 
 (A) Aggregate principal amount of Borrowing 

(B) Date of Borrowing (which is a Business Day) 
 
 (C) Type of Borrowing ABR Loan Term Benchmark (delete as applicable) 
 
 (D) Interest Period 
 
 a. One Month 
 
 b. Three Month 
 
 c. Six Month 

2 

 (E) Location and number of the Borrower s account to which proceeds of the requested Borrowing are to be disbursed 
 
 NAME AND LOCATION OF BANK 
 
 (Account No. 
 
 The Borrower hereby certifies that the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 5.2 of the Credit Agreement have been satisfied. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 BORROWER , 
 by 

Name 
 Title 

Exhibit C 
 to Amendment No. 2 to TL Credit Agreement 

Form of Interest Election Request 
 
 See Attached 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to TL Credit Agreement 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF 
 INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Telephone 312-954-1388 
 Facsimile 844-490-5663 
 Email jpm.agency.cri jpmchase.com 
 
 Attention Briahna Amos 

Date 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2021, Amendment No. 2 to the TL Credit Facility dated May 9, 2023 and as further amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Thor Industries, Inc. (the Borrower ), the Lenders party thereto, certain other parties and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. This notice constitutes an Interest Election Request and the Borrower hereby gives you notice, pursuant to Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, that it requests to convert an existing Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to such conversion requested hereby 
 
 (A) List date, Type, principal amount, currency and Interest Period (if 
 applicable) of existing Borrowing 
 
 (B) Effective date of interest election (which is a Business Day) 
 
 (C) Type of Borrowing 
 
 (D) Interest Period and last day thereof (if a Term Benchmark Borrowing) 

2 

Very truly yours, 
 BORROWER , 
 by 

Name 
 Title 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 4
 tho7312023exhibit1014.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO ABL CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO ABL CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of May 1, 2023 (this 
 Amendment among THOR INDUSTRIES INC., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the Parent Borrower ), certain Subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower identified on the signature pages hereto as US Co-Borrowers, (the US Co-Borrowers and together with the Parent Borrower and any other Borrowers that are Domestic Subsidiaries and are added as Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Amendment, collectively, the US Borrowers ), Carado GmbH, Sunlight GmbH, Capron GmbH, Niesmann+Bischoff GmbH, Movera GmbH and Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH, each a limited liability company organized under the laws of Germany and Dethleffs GmbH & Co. KG, B rstner GmbH & Co. KG, Hymer GmbH & Co. KG and LMC Caravan GmbH & Co. KG, each a limited liability partnership organized under the laws of Germany (collectively the German Borrowers ), Erwin Hymer Group UK Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (the UK Borrower , and together with the German Borrowers and the US Borrowers and any Additional Borrowers (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement), collectively, the Borrowers ), each lender party hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and the Amendment No. 2 Lenders (defined below), which amends the ABL Credit Agreement dated as of February 1, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the ABL Credit Facility, dated September 1, 2021 and as further amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement among the Borrowers, each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), the Administrative Agent and the other parties thereto. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement, certain Amendment No. 2 Lenders have agreed to make, and have made, certain loans and other extensions of credit to the Borrowers 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that certain amendments be made to the Existing Credit Agreement as described herein 
 WHEREAS, existing loans, commitments and or other extensions of credit under the Existing Credit Agreement denominated in Dollars incur or are permitted to incur interest, fees or other amounts based on the LIBO Rate in accordance with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date 
 WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders party hereto (constituting all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the date hereof) (the Amendment No. 2 Lenders have agreed to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth in Section 2 hereof 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows 

Section 1. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Amended Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Section 2. Amendments . (a) Effective as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (defined below), the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in accordance with Exhibit A hereto by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text )) and inserting the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text ), in each case in place where such text appears therein. 
 (b) Effective as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, Exhibit C (Form of Borrowing Request) to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be replaced by the Form of Borrowing Request attached as Exhibit B hereto. 
 (c) Effective as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, Exhibit D (Form of Interest Election Request) to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be replaced by the Interest Election Request attached as Exhibit C hereto. 
 Section 3. Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Amendment No. 2 Lenders as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date that 
 (a) Each Loan Party has the corporate or similar organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Amendment and, in the case of the Borrowers, to obtain extensions of credit hereunder. Each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or similar organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and, in the case of the Borrowers, to authorize the extensions of credit on the terms and conditions of the Amendment. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party party thereto. This Amendment constitutes, and each other Loan Document upon execution will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 
 (b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member, except for violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation. 
 2 

(c) Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to this Amendment and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if qualified by materiality) on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been so true and correct as of such earlier date. 
 (d) At the time and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of the borrowings hereunder on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Section 4. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Administrative Agent, each Amendment No. 2 Lender (including each Issuing Lender) and each of the Loan Parties. 
 (b) All reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses due to the Administrative Agent (including pursuant to Section 10 hereof) shall have been paid (or the Borrowers shall have made arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for such payments. 
 Section 5. Term SOFR Transition . 
 (a) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the existing Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date denominated in Dollars and bearing interest at the LIBO Rate Existing LIBOR Loans shall, after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, continue as a Term Benchmark (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) and interest thereon shall continue to be calculated in a manner consistent with the interest calculated thereon prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date until the end of the Interest Period currently in effect and applicable to such Existing LIBOR Loans provided , that prior to the end of the Interest Period currently in effect and applicable to such Existing LIBOR Loans, the applicable Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a conversion request pursuant to Section 2.12 of the Amended Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) requesting a conversion of such Existing LIBOR Loans to Term Benchmark Borrowing (bearing interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate) or ABR Loans, and failing delivery of such timely notice of such conversion shall be deemed to have selected a conversion of such Existing LIBOR Loans into Term Benchmark Borrowing bearing interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate with an Interest Period of one month. 
 Section 6. Acknowledgments . 
 Each Loan Party hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Amendment and reaffirms and confirms, as of the date hereof, (i) the covenants and agreements contained in each Loan Document to which it is a party, including, in each case, such covenants and agreements as in effect immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby and that on and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date each Loan Document remains in full force and effect, (ii) its guarantee of the Obligations (including, without limitation, the Revolving Loans) pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement and that that on and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date its guarantee will extend to the Obligations as amended by this Amendment, and (iii) its grant of Liens on the Collateral to secure the Obligations (including, without limitation, the Obligations with respect to the Revolving Loans) pursuant to the Security Documents and that on and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date the Liens will continue to secure the Obligations as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any Obligations. 
 3 

Section 7. Liens Unimpaired. After giving effect to this Amendment, neither the modification of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document effected pursuant to this Amendment nor the execution, delivery, performance or effectiveness of this Amendment 
 (a) impairs the validity, effectiveness or priority of the Liens granted pursuant to any Loan Document, and such Liens continue unimpaired with the same priority to secure repayment of all Obligations, whether heretofore or hereafter incurred or 
 (b) requires that any new filings be made or other action taken to perfect or to maintain the perfection of such Liens. 
 Section 8. Entire Agreement. This Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and verbal, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of any party under, the Amended Credit Agreement, nor alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Amended Credit Agreement, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. It is understood and agreed that on and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, each reference in each Loan Document to the Credit Agreement, whether direct or indirect, shall hereafter be deemed to be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment and that this Amendment is a Loan Document for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Section 9. Amendment, Modification and Waiver. This Amendment may not be amended, modified or waived except pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Section 10. Expenses . The Borrowers agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with this Amendment, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, pursuant to the terms of Section 10.5 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 4 

Section 11. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single instrument. Section 10.8(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Amendment and shall apply hereto. 
 Section 12. Governing Law and Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SECTIONS 10.12 AND 10.16 OF THE AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS AMENDMENT AND SHALL APPLY HERETO. 
 Section 13. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 Section 14. Effect of Amendment . Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Amended Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. 

Signature Pages to Follow 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 
 PARENT BORROWER 

THOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By s Colleen Zuhl 
 Name Colleen Zuhl 
 Title Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

US BORROWERS 
 AIRSTREAM, INC. 
 CRUISER RV, LLC 
 DRY, LLC 
 HEARTLAND RECREATIONAL VEHICLES, LLC 
 K.Z., INC. 
 KEYSTONE RV COMPANY 
 POSTLE OPERATING, LLC 
 THOR LIVIN' LITE, INC. 
 THOR MOTOR COACH, INC. 

By s Colleen Zuhl 
 Name Colleen Zuhl 
 Title Treasurer 

JAYCO, INC. 

By s Colleen Zuhl 
 Name Colleen Zuhl 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

GERMAN BORROWERS 

CARADO GMBH 
 
 By s Daniel Rogalski 
 Name Daniel Rogalski 
 Title Managing Director 

SUNLIGHT GMBH 
 
 By s Stephan Brutscher 
 Name Stephan Brutscher 
 Title Managing Director 

CAPRON GMBH 
 
 By s Daniel Rogalski 
 Name Daniel Rogalski 
 Title Managing Director 

ERWIN HYMER CENTER BAD WALDSEE GMBH 
 
 By s Reinhold Beller s Heiko Tichanow 
 Name Reinhold Beller Heiko Tichanow 
 Title Managing Director 

DETHLEFFS GMBH & CO. KG 
 
 By s Guenther Wank 
 Name Guenther Wank 
 Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

B RSTNER GMBH & CO. KG 
 
 By s Jens Kroner 
 Name Jens Kroner 
 Title Managing Director 

HYMER GMBH & CO. KG 
 
 By s Christian Bauer s Markus Dorner 
 Name Christian Bauer Markus Dorner 
 Title Managing Director 

LMC CARAVAN GMBH & CO. KG 
 
 By s Bodo Diller 
 Name Bodo Diller 
 Title Managing Director 

MOVERA GMBH 
 
 By s Markus K nig 
 Name Markus K nig 
 Title Director Finance 

NIESMANN+BISCHOFF GMBH 
 
 By s Hubert Brandl s Sabine Scholz 
 Name Guenther Wank 
 Title Managing Director Head of Finance and Controlling 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

UK BORROWER 

ERWIN HYMER GROUP UK LTD. 
 
 By s Chris Short 
 Name Chris Short 
 Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

GUARANTORS 
 KZIN, INC. 
 KZRV, LP 
 TOWABLE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 TEMPLE OPERATING, LLC 
 THOR TECH, INC. 
 THOR WAKARUSA LLC 
 MOTORIZED REAL ESTATE, LLC 
 2700 REAL ESTATE, LLC 
 TIFFIN MOTOR HOMES, INC. 
 VLRV, LLC 

By s Colleen Zuhl 
 Name Colleen Zuhl 
 Title Vice President 

ERWIN HYMER GROUP SE 

By s Jan de Haas 
 Name Jan de Haas 
 Title CSO 

TYR HOLDINGS LLC & CO. KG 

By s Colleen Zuhl 
 Name Colleen Zuhl 
 Title Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as 
 Administrative Agent, an Issuing Lender and a 
 Lender 
 
 By s John Morrone 
 Name John Morrone 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, as an Issuing Lender and a Lender 
 
 By s Mark Pope 
 Name Mark Pope 
 Title Assistant Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as an Issuing Lender and a Lender 
 
 By s Christopher Fudge 
 Name Christopher Fudge 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as an Issuing Lender and a Lender 
 
 By s Jake Elliott 
 Name Jake Elliott 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

BMO Harris Bank N.A., as an Issuing Lender 
 
 By s Brittany Morrissey 
 Name Brittany Morrissey 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch, as an Issuing Lender and a Lender 
 
 By s Brittany Morrissey 
 Name Brittany Morrissey 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Bank of Montreal, London Branch, as an Issuing Lender and a Lender 
 
 By s Richard Pittam 
 Name Richard Pittam 
 Title Managing Director, on Behalf of Bank of Montreal, London Branch 

By s Scott Matthews 
 Name Scott Matthews 
 Title CFO, on Behalf of Bank of Montreal, London Branch 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Bank of Montreal Europe, p.l.c, a Lender 
 
 By s Jim Barry 
 Name Jim Barry 
 Title Managing Director, Corporate Banking on Behalf of Bank of Montreal Europe 

By s Karen Conway 
 Name Karen Conway 
 Title Chief Operating Officer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

BMO Harris Bank N.A., successor in interest to Bank of the West, as a Lender 
 
 By s Joe Arnold 
 Name Joe Arnold 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Landesbank Hessen-Th ringen Girozentrale, as a Lender 
 
 By s Riiser s Sturm 
 Name Riiser Sturm 
 Title Director Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

PNC Bank N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s Chris D. Thornton 
 Name Chris D. Thornton 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

UNICREDIT BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH , as a Lender 
 
 By s Edward D. Herko 
 Name Edward D. Herko 
 Title Director 
 
 By s Laura Shelmerdine 
 Name Laura Shelmerdine 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Wells Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada, as a Lender 
 
 By s Carmella Massari 
 Name Carmella Massari 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. London Branch, as a Lender 
 
 By s Patricia Del Busto 
 Name Patricia Del Busto 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Key Bank National Association, as a Lender 
 
 By s Katherine Meadows 
 Name Katherine Meadows 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

LANDESBANK BADEN-WUERTTEMBERG, ACTING THROUGH ITS NEW YORK BRANCH, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Simone Ehmann 
 Name Simone Ehmann 
 Title Director 

By s Guisella Morales 
 Name Guisella Morales 
 Title Associate Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

 Amended Credit Agreement 
 
 See Attached 

Exhibit A 
 CONFORMED COPY, reflecting changes pursuant to the First Second Amendment, dated as of September May 1, 2021 2023 

 ABL CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 among 
 
 THOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
 as Parent Borrower, 
 
 The other Borrowers parties hereto, 
 
 The Several Lenders from Time to Time Parties Hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 
 Dated as of February 1, 2019, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2021 as amended by Amendment No. 2 to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2023 

_______________________________________ 
 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Syndication Agent 
 
 BANK OF MONTREAL, U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and WELLS FARGO BANK, 
 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agents, and 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP., 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

__________________________________________________________________ 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1 1.1 Defined Terms 1 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions 69 68 1.3 Conversion of Foreign Currencies 69 68 1.4 Certain Calculations and Tests 71 70 1.5 Interest Rates LIBOR Notifications 
 72 70 1.6 Compliance with Anti-Boycott Laws 73 71 SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 73 71 2.1 Commitments 73 71 2.2 Procedure for Revolving Loan Borrowing 74 73 2.3 Protective Advances 75 73 2.4 Reserved 76 74 2.5 Reserved 76 74 2.6 Swingline 76 74 2.7 Procedure for Swingline Borrowing Refunding of Swingline Loans 76 75 2.8 Fees, etc. 78 76 2.9 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 78 76 2.10 Optional Prepayments 78 76 2.11 Prepayment of Loans 79 77 2.12 Conversion and Continuation Options 79 78 2.13 Limitations on Term Benchmark Loans 81 79 2.14 Interest Rates and Payment Dates 81 79 2.15 Computation of Interest and Fees 82 80 2.16 Alternate Rate of Interest 82 80 2.17 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 85 84 2.18 Requirements of Law 87 86 2.19 Taxes 89 87 2.20 Indemnity 96 95 2.21 Change of Lending Office 97 95 2.22 Replacement of Lenders 97 96 2.23 Defaulting Lenders 97 96 2.24 Incremental Facilities 99 98 SECTION 3. LETTERS OF CREDIT 100 99 3.1 L C Commitment 100 99 3.2 Prodecure for Issuance of Letter of Credit 101 100 3.3 Fees and Other Charges 101 100 3.4 L C Participations 101 100 3.5 Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrowers 102 101 3.6 Obligations Absolute 103 101 3.7 Letter of Credit Payments 103 102 3.8 Applications 104 102 

SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 104 102 4.1 Financial Condition 104 102 4.2 No Change 105 104 4.3 Existence Compliance with Law 105 104 4.4 Power Authorization Enforceable Obligations 105 104 4.5 No Legal Bar 106 105 4.6 Litigation 106 105 4.7 No Default 106 105 4.8 Ownership of Property Liens 106 105 4.9 Intellectual Property 106 105 4.10 Taxes 106 105 4.11 Federal Regulations 107 105 4.12 Labor Matters 107 105 4.13 ERISA 107 105 4.14 Foreign Plans 108 106 4.15 Investment Company Act Other Regulations 108 107 4.16 Subsidiaries Capital Stock 109 107 4.17 Use of Proceeds 109 107 4.18 Environmental Matters 110 108 4.19 Accuracy of Information, etc. 110 109 4.20 Security Documents 111 109 4.21 Solvency 111 109 4.22 Senior Indebtedness 111 109 4.23 Flood Laws 111 109 4.24 Certain Documents 111 110 4.25 Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions 111 110 4.26 EEA Financial Institutions 111 110 4.27 Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions 111 110 4.28 Centre of Main Interests and Establishments 112 110 SECTION 5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 112 110 5.1 Conditions to Initial Extension of Credit 112 110 5.2 Conditions to Each Extension of Credit 117 115 SECTION 6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 117 116 6.1 Financial Statements 117 116 6.2 Certificates Borrowing Base Other Information 119 117 6.3 Payment of Obligations 121 120 6.4 Maintenance of Existence Compliance 121 120 6.5 Maintenance of Property Insurance 121 120 6.6 Inspection of Property Books and Records Discussions Appraisals Field Examinations 122 120 6.7 Notices 123 121 6.8 Environmental Laws 124 122 6.9 Additional Loan Parties 124 122 

6.10 Additional Collateral, etc. 125 123 6.11 Designation of Subsidiaries 126 124 6.12 Control Agreements 126 125 6.13 Post-Closing Covenants 127 125 6.14 Foreign Plans 127 126 6.15 Transfer of Accounts of European Loan Parties Notification of Account Debtors 128 126 6.16 European Loan Party Cash Management 129 127 6.17 Financial Assistance 129 127 6.18 Centre of Main Interests and Establishments 129 127 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 129 128 7.1 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 129 128 7.2 Indebtedness 129 128 7.3 Liens 133 132 7.4 Fundamental Changes 136 135 7.5 Disposition of Property 137 135 7.6 Restricted Payments 139 137 7.7 Investments 140 139 7.8 Optional Payments and Modifications of Certain Debt Instruments 143 141 7.9 Transactions with Affiliates 144 142 7.10 Sales and Leasebacks 144 143 7.11 Swap Agreements 144 143 7.12 Changes in Fiscal Periods 145 143 7.13 Negative Pledge Clauses 145 143 7.14 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions 145 144 7.15 Lines of Business 146 144 7.16 Amendments to Acquisition Documents 146 144 7.17 Use of Proceeds 146 144 7.18 Continuing External Debt 146 145 7.19 Tax residence VAT groups 146 145 7.20 Repayment 146 145 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 147 145 SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 150 148 9.1 Appointment 150 148 9.2 Delegation of Duties 150 149 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions 150 149 9.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent 151 149 9.5 Notice of Default 151 149 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 151 150 9.7 Indemnification 152 150 9.8 Agent in Its Individual Capacity 152 151 9.9 Successor Administrative Agent 152 151 

9.10 Arranger, Syndication Agent and Documentation Agents 153 151 9.11 Credit Bidding 153 151 9.12 Certain ERISA Matters 154 152 9.13 Flood Laws 155 153 9.14 Administrative Agent holding German Collateral 155 154 9.15 Parallel Debt 156 155 9.16 UK Security Trust Trusts Generally 157 155 9.17 Acknowledgements of Lenders 158 156 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 159 157 10.1 Amendments and Waivers 159 157 10.2 Notices 160 159 10.3 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies 161 160 10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties 162 160 10.5 Payment of Expenses and Taxes 162 160 10.6 Successors and Assigns Participations and Assignments 163 162 10.7 Adjsutments Set-off 167 166 10.8 Counterparts 168 166 10.9 Severability 169 167 10.10 Integration 169 167 10.11 GOVERNING LAW 169 167 10.12 Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers 169 168 10.13 Acknowledgements 170 168 10.14 Releases of Guarantees and Liens 171 169 10.15 Confidentiality 171 169 10.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 172 171 10.17 USA Patriot Act 173 171 10.18 Intercreditor Agreement 173 171 10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 173 171 10.20 Additional Borrowers 173 172 10.21 Application of Payments of Foreign Loan Parties US Borrowers Joint and Several Liability 174 172 10.22 Reserved 175 173 10.23 Judgment Currency 175 173 10.24 Foreign Borrower Assumption 175 173 

SCHEDULES 
 
 1.1A Commitments 
 1.1B Eligible Accounts 
 1.1C Mortgaged Property 
 1.1D Existing Letters of Credit 
 1.1E Consolidated EBITDA 
 4.1(d) Contingent Liabilities 
 4.4(b) Consents Authorizations 
 4.13 Pension Plans 
 4.16 Subsidiaries Capital Stock 
 4.20(a) Filing Jurisdictions 
 6.2(j) Accounts 
 6.13 Post-Closing Actions 
 7.2(e) Existing Indebtedness 
 7.3(f) Existing Liens 
 7.5(l) Scheduled Dispositions 
 7.7(k) Existing Investments 

EXHIBITS 
 
 A Form of Guarantee Agreement 
 B-1 Form of US Security Agreement 
 B-2 Form of German Security Agreements 
 B-3 Form of UK Security Agreement 
 C Form of Borrowing Request 
 D Form of Interest Election Request 
 E Form of Compliance Certificate 
 F Form of Closing Certificate 
 G Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 H Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 I-1 Form of Increased Facility Activation Notice Incremental Revolving Commitments 
 I-2 Form of New Lender Supplement 
 J Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 K Form of Intercreditor Agreement 
 L Form of Solvency Certificate 

ABL CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of February 1, 2019, among Thor Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Parent Borrower ), certain Subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower identified on the signature pages hereto as US Co-Borrowers, (the US Co-Borrowers and together with the Parent Borrower and any other Borrowers that are Domestic Subsidiaries and are added as Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, collectively, the US Borrowers ), Carado GmbH, Sunlight GmbH, Capron GmbH, Niesmann+Bischoff GmbH, Movera GmbH and Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH, each a limited liability company organized under the laws of Germany and Dethleffs GmbH & Co. KG, B rstner GmbH & Co. KG, Hymer GmbH & Co. KG and LMC Caravan GmbH & Co. KG, each a limited liability partnership organized under the laws of Germany (collectively the German Borrowers ), Erwin Hymer Group UK Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (the UK Borrower , and together with the German Borrower, collectively, the European Co-Borrowers and together with the US Borrowers and any Additional Borrowers, collectively, the Borrowers ), several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the Lenders ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 
 The parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 
 
 1.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.1. 
 ABL Priority Collateral has the meaning set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 ABR means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period on as published by two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 , provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the Interpolated Rate) Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m. London 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the SOFR Reference Rate methodology . Any change in the ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the ABR is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.16 hereof , then the ABR shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the ABR as so determined would be less than 1 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 ABR Loans means Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the ABR. 
 Acceptable Field Examination means a field examination conducted by the Administrative Agent or its designee of the Accounts, Inventory and related working capital matters of the applicable Borrower and its Subsidiaries and of the related data processing and other systems of the applicable Borrower and its Subsidiaries, the results of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 

Acceptable Inventory Appraisal means an appraisal of the Inventory of the applicable Borrower and its Subsidiaries from a firm (or firms) satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which appraisal(s) shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Documents, as applicable. Account Debtor means any Person obligated on an Account. 
 Acquisition means the acquisition by the Parent Borrower, directly or indirectly, of 100 of the Capital Stock of the Target. 
 Acquisition Agreement means the Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2018, among Gertraud Hymer, Carolin Hachenberg, Christian Hymer, as sellers (collectively, the Sellers ), Tyr Holdings LLC & Co. KG, as buyer, and the Parent Borrower. 
 Acquisition Documentation means collectively, (i) the Acquisition Agreement and all schedules, exhibits and annexes thereto and (ii) all side letters and agreements affecting the terms thereof that are material to the interests of the Lenders. 
 Acquisition Signing Date means September 18, 2018. 
 Additional Borrower has the meaning set forth in Section 10.20. 
 Additional Permitted Amount has the meaning set forth in the definition of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor , such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 
 Adjusted Excess Availability means Availability plus Qualified Unrestricted Cash. 
 Adjusted LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders hereunder. References to the Administrative Agent shall include any branch or affiliate of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. designated by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in accordance with this Agreement for the purpose of performing its obligations in such capacity. 
 
 2 

Advisory Fees has the meaning set forth in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 10 or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise. 
 Agents means the collective reference to the Administrative Agent and any other agent identified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 Aggregate Exposure means with respect to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the amount of such Lender s Commitment then in effect or, if the Commitments have been terminated, the Dollar Equivalent amount of such Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. 
 Aggregate Exposure Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Lender s Aggregate Exposure at such time to the Aggregate Exposure of all Lenders at such time. 
 Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 Alternate Rate means, for any day and for any currency, the sum of (a) a rate per annum selected by the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower based on market conditions, reflecting the cost to the Lenders of obtaining funds, plus (b) the Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars. When used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, Alternate Rate refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Rate. 
 Amendment No. 1 means the Amendment No. 1 to ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 
 Amendment No. 2 means the Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means September 1, 2021, the date on which all conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 of Amendment No. 1 are satisfied. 
 Amendment No. 2 Effective Date means May 1, 2023, the date on which all conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 of Amendment No. 2 are satisfied. 
 Ancillary Document has the meaning set forth in Section 10.8(b). 
 Anti-Boycott Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 1.6. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Parent Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 3 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws means applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which the Parent Borrower or its Subsidiaries is located or doing business that relate to money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering, or any financial record keeping and reporting requirements related thereto. 
 Applicable Margin means a rate per annum determined pursuant to the Applicable Pricing Grid based on Average Quarterly Adjusted Excess Availability as set forth in the definition of Applicable Pricing Grid. 
 Applicable Pricing Grid means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan, Overnight Rate Loans (denominated in Pounds Sterling), Overnight Rate Loans (denominated in Dollars or and Euro and based on LIBOR SOFR ), CBR Loan (denominated in Pounds Sterling) CBR Loan (denominated in Dollars or Euro) or Overnight Rate Loan (denominated in Euro and based on ESTR) payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Spread , Term Benchmark Spread , RFR Spread , Overnight Rate Spread (Pounds Sterling) , Overnight Rate Spread (Dollars and Euro LIBOR SOFR )) , CBR Spread (Pounds Sterling) , CBR Spread (Dollars and Euro) or Overnight Rate Spread (Euro (ESTR)) , as the case may be, as defined in the table set forth below, based upon the Average Quarterly Adjusted Excess Availability (as a percentage of Total Commitments) during the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower provided that the Applicable Pricing Grid shall be set at Category 1 during the period from the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date to, and including, the last day of the first fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower ending after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date 
 
 Average Quarterly Adjsuted Excess Availability (as a percentage of Total Commitments) ABR Spread Term Benchmark Spread Overnight Rate Spread (Dollars and Euro LIBOR Daily Simple SOFR )) CBR Spread (Dollars and Euro) 
 RFR Spread Overnight Rate Spread (Pounds Sterling) CBR Spread (Pounds Sterling) Overnight Rate Spread (Euro (ESTR)) Category 1 
 50 
 0.25 1.25 1.2826 1.2956 Category 2 
 50 
 0.50 1.50 1.5326 1.5456 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, each change in the Applicable Pricing Grid resulting from a change in Average Quarterly Adjusted Excess Availability (as a percentage of Total Commitments) shall be effective during the period commencing on and including the first day of each fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower and ending on the last day of such fiscal quarter, it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of determining the Applicable Pricing Grid on the first day of any fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower, the Average Quarterly Adjusted Excess Availability (as a percentage of Total Commitments) during the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower shall be used. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Average Quarterly Adjusted Excess Availability (as a percentage of Total Commitments) shall be deemed to be in Category 2 at the option of the Administrative Agent or at the request of the Required Lenders if the Borrowers fail to deliver any Borrowing Base Certificate required to be delivered by them pursuant to Section 6.2(f), during the period from the expiration of the time required for delivery thereof until the immediately following Business Day after the date such Borrowing Base Certificate is so delivered. In addition, during the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, at their 
 4 

option, by notice to the Parent Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable, notwithstanding any provision of Section 10.1 requiring the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby for reductions in interest rates), declare that the highest rate set forth in each column of the Applicable Pricing Grid shall apply. 
 Applicable Reference Period means as at any date of determination, the most recently ended Reference Period for which financial statements with respect to each fiscal quarter included in such Reference Period have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a) or 6.1(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, the Reference Period ended October 31, 2018). 
 Applicable Transactions has the meaning set forth in the definition of Pro Forma 
 Basis. 
 Application means an application, in such form as the Issuing Lender may specify from time to time, requesting the Issuing Lender to open a Letter of Credit. 
 Approved Fund has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(b). 
 Arranger means each Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner identified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 Assignee has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(b). 
 Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption, substantially in the form of Exhibit G, or such other form as the Administrative Agent may approve. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means in respect of any sale and leaseback transaction, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at the implied interest rate in such transaction compounded annually) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such sale and leaseback transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). 
 Availability means at any time, an amount equal to (a) the lesser of (i) the Total Commitments and (ii) the Borrowing Base minus (b) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Revolving Percentage of all outstanding Revolving Loans). 
 Available Commitment means as to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) such Lender s Commitment then in effect over (b) such Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. 
 Available Currency means Dollars, Euros, Pounds Sterling and Canadian Dollars, and any additional currencies determined after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date by mutual agreement of the Borrowers, Lenders, Issuing Lenders and the Administrative Agent provided that each such currency is a lawful currency that is readily available, freely transferable and not restricted, able to be converted into Dollars and available in the London interbank deposit market. In the event such additional currency is agreed upon, the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower may make such changes to the Loan Documents (without the consent of any other parties hereto) as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to implement such Available Currency extensions of credit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, prior to the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021 and (ii) the date each Revolving Lender has confirmed to the Administrative Agent that it consents to funding Revolving Loans in Pounds Sterling, no Borrower may request any Revolving Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling. 
 5 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for Dollars or any other Available Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.16(f). 
 Average Quarterly Adjusted Excess Availability means, for any fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower, an amount equal to the average daily Adjusted Excess Availability during such fiscal quarter, as determined by the Administrative Agent s system of records (absent manifest error) provided , that in order to determine Adjusted Excess Availability on any day for purposes of this definition, the Borrowing Base for such day shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.2(f) (or if prior thereto, Section 5.1(q) as of such day). 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to any Loan Party or its Restricted Subsidiaries by any Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) commercial credit cards, (b) stored value cards, (c) purchasing cards and (d) treasury, depositary or cash management services (including controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, overdrafts and interstate depository network services) or any similar transaction. 
 Banking Services Obligations means with respect to the Loan Parties or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries, any and all obligations of the Loan Parties or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. 
 Banking Services Reserves means all Reserves that the Administrative Agent from time to time establishes in its Permitted Discretion for Banking Services then provided or outstanding. 
 6 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq). 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, interim receiver, conservator, trustee, monitor, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided, further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States (or any other applicable jurisdiction) or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Bankruptcy Plan means a reorganization or plan of liquidation pursuant to any Debtor Relief Laws. 
 Basel III means 
 (a) the agreements on capital requirements, a leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in Basel III A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems , Basel III International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring and Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated 
 (b) the rules for global systemically important banks contained in Global systemically important banks assessment methodology and the additional loss absorbency requirement Rules text published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011, as amended, supplemented or restated and 
 (c) any further guidance or standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision relating to Basel III . 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Available Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Available Currency or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Available Currency provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event , a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Available Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of Section 2.16. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in an Available Currency other than Dollars or in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election , Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in 3 2 below 
 (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 
 7 

2 1 in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the sum of (a) Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 3 2 )the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Available Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower provided, further , that, in the case of clause (3), when such clause is used to determine the Benchmark Replacement in connection with the occurrence of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the alternate benchmark rate selected by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower shall be the term benchmark rate that is used in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate in the relevant other Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) , or (2 or (3 above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
 8 

(2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Available Currency at such time . 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in dollars , any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business D ay, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date or . 
 (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Parent Borrower pursuant to Section 2.16(c) or 
 9 

(4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Available Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.16 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.16. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 10 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Benefitted Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 10.7(a). Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 
 Borrower has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 Borrower DTTP Filing means an HM Revenue & Customs Form DTTP2, duly completed and filed by a relevant Borrower within the applicable time limit, which contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence provided by a Lender to the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 10.15. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type and currency and made to the same Borrower, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, (b) a Protective Advance or (c) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Base means, collectively, the US Borrowing Base, the German Borrowing Bases and the UK Borrowing Base. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate, signed and certified as accurate and complete by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower, in substantially the form of Exhibit J or another form which is acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 Borrowing Date means any Business Day specified by the applicable Borrower as a date on which such Borrower requests the Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by a Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.2, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Business has the meaning set forth in Section 4.18(b). 
 Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to close provided that, (a) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such date that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (b) with respect to notices and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on Loans having an interest rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Overnight Rate, such day is also a day for trading by and between banks in Available Currency deposits in the applicable interbank eurodollar market, b c when used in connection with a Term Benchmark Loan or Loans to the European Co-Borrower, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for general business in London and or Frankfurt, c d with respect to any transaction in Euros (including notices with respect thereto), such day is also a day on which is Target Day, d e in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Available Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only an RFR Business Day and e f in relation to Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for general business in Toronto, Canada. 
 11 

Canadian Dollars means lawful money of Canada. 
 Capital Expenditures means for any period, with respect to any Person, the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the acquisition or leasing (pursuant to a capital lease) of fixed or capital assets or additions to equipment (including replacements, capitalized repairs and improvements during such period) that is required to be capitalized under GAAP on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Capital Lease Obligations means as to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations at any time shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such time determined in accordance with GAAP provided further that all leases of any Person that were or would have been characterized as operating leases in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to July 31, 2018 (whether or not such operating leases were in effect on such date) shall be accounted for as operating leases (and not as capital leases) for purposes of this Agreement if any change in GAAP following such date would otherwise require such leases to be re-characterized as capital leases. 
 Capital Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation) and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing. 
 Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within two years from the date of acquisition (b) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits or overnight bank deposits having maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition issued by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof having combined capital and surplus of not less than 250,000,000 (c) commercial paper of an issuer rated at least A-2 by Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC S&P or P-2 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s ), or carrying an equivalent rating by a nationally recognized rating agency, if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of commercial paper issuers generally, and maturing within nine months from the date of acquisition (d) repurchase obligations of any Lender or of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition, having a term of not more than 30 days, with respect to securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government (e) securities with maturities of two years or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at least A by S&P or A by Moody s (f) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition (g) money market mutual or similar funds that invest exclusively in assets satisfying the requirements of clauses (a) through (f) of this definition (h) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 5,000,000,000 or (i) in the case of Investments by a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary, Investments of comparable tenor and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (h) customarily utilized in countries in which such Foreign Subsidiary operates for short-term cash management purposes. 
 12 

CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 
 Central Bank Rate means, (A) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (c) any other Available Currency determined after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower and (ii) zero plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of SONIA for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest SONIA applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period and (c) any other Available Currency determined after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Available Currency for a maturity of one month (or, in the event the EURIBOR Screen Rate for deposits in the applicable Available Currency is not available for such maturity of one month, shall be based on the EURIBOR Interpolated Rate, as of such time) provided that if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 CFC means each Person that is a controlled foreign corporation for purposes of the Code. 
 13 

CFC Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is (a) a CFC, (b) a Domestic Subsidiary (including any Person classified as a partnership or disregarded entity, in each case for US federal income tax purposes owned by such Domestic Subsidiary) substantially all of the assets of which consist of Capital Stock or Indebtedness of one or more CFCs, or (c) owned directly or indirectly by a CFC (including any Person classified as a partnership or disregarded entity, in each case for US federal income tax purposes owned by such CFC). 
 Change of Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC thereunder) of Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower (other than the acquisition by the Sellers in connection with the Equity Contribution) representing more than 35 of either the aggregate ordinary voting power or the aggregate equity value represented by the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower (b) persons who were (i) directors of the Parent Borrower on the Closing Date, (ii) nominated by the board of directors of the Parent Borrower or (iii) appointed by directors who were directors of the Parent Borrower on the Closing Date or were nominated or approved as provided in clause (ii) above ceasing to occupy a majority of the seats (excluding vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Parent Borrower or (c) the occurrence of any change in control (or similar event, however denominated) with respect to the Parent Borrower under and as defined in any indenture or other agreement or instrument evidencing or governing the rights of the holders of any Material Indebtedness (other than Continuing External Debt) of the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Closing Date means the date on which the conditions precedent to the effectiveness set forth in Section 5.1 are satisfied, which date was February 1, 2019. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral means all property of the Loan Parties, now owned or hereafter acquired, upon which a Lien is purported to be created by any Security Document. 
 
 Collateral Access Agreement means any landlord waiver or other agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, between the Administrative Agent and any third party (including any bailee, consignee, customs broker, or other similar Person) in possession of any Collateral or any landlord of any real property where any Collateral is located, as such landlord waiver or other agreement may be amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Collection Account means individually and collectively, each Collection Account or similar term referred to in the applicable Security Documents. 
 Commitment means as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make Revolving Loans and participate in Swingline Loans, Letters of Credit and Protective Advances in an aggregate principal and or face amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Commitment opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A or in the Assignment and Assumption or Increased Facility Activation Notice pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The Total Commitments on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date is 1,000,000,000. 
 14 

Commitment Fee Rate means 0.20 per annum. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit E. 
 Confidential Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated October 2018. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Cash Taxes means for any period, with respect to the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the aggregate amount of all income and similar Taxes, to the extent the same are payable in cash with respect to such period. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus , without duplication and to the extent reflected as a charge in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of 
 (a) income tax expense, 
 (b) interest expense, amortization or writeoff of debt discount and debt issuance costs and commissions, discounts and other fees and charges associated with Indebtedness (including the Loans and the Term Loans), 
 (c) depreciation and amortization expense, 
 (d) non-cash charges, losses, expenses or impairments, including stock-based compensation and LIFO reserves established during such period from time to time (but excluding any such non-cash charge to the extent that it represents an accrual or reserve for cash expenses in any future period), 
 (e) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring expenses or losses (including losses on sale of equipment or businesses outside of the ordinary course of business), 
 (f) any fees, charges, costs or expenses incurred during such period in connection with any Investment (including any Permitted Acquisition), Disposition, issuance of Indebtedness or Capital Stock, or amendment, modification, repayment or refinancing of any debt instrument, in each case permitted under this Agreement, including (i) any such transactions undertaken but not completed and any transactions consummated prior to the Closing Date and (ii) any financial advisory fees, accounting fees, legal fees and other similar advisory and consulting fees (collectively, Advisory Fees ), 
 (g) any fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions, including Advisory Fees and (solely for purposes of this clause (g)) cash charges in respect of strategic market reviews, stay or sign-on bonuses, integration-related bonuses, restructuring, consolidation, severance or discontinuance of any portion of operations, employees and or management, 
 15 

(h) restructuring and similar charges, accruals, reserves, severance, relocation costs, integration and facilities opening costs and other business optimization expenses (including in connection with revenue synergies), signing costs, retention or completion bonuses, transition costs, costs related to closure consolidation of facilities and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans, 
 (i) the amount of pro forma run-rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies actually implemented by the Parent Borrower or related to a Permitted Acquisition projected to be realized as a result of actions taken or are expected to be taken, in each case, that are reasonably identifiable, factually supportable and projected by the Parent Borrower in good faith to be realized as a result of Permitted Acquisitions, Dispositions permitted under Section 7.5, cost savings or business optimization initiatives or other similar transactions or initiatives taken on or after the Closing Date, in each case to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement (collectively, Initiatives (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, and synergies had been realized on the first day of the relevant Reference Period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized in respect thereof provided that (i) actions in respect of such cost-savings, operating expense reductions, and synergies have been, or will be, taken within 18 months of the applicable Initiative, (ii) no cost savings, operating expense reductions or synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (i) to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges otherwise added to (or excluded from) Consolidated EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, for such period, (iii) projected amounts (and not yet realized) may no longer be added in calculating Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (i) to the extent occurring more than six full fiscal quarters after the applicable Initiative, (iv) the Parent Borrower must deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth such estimated cost-savings, operating expense reductions, operating improvements and synergies and (B) information and calculations supporting in reasonable detail such estimated cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies and (v) with respect to any Reference Period, the aggregate amount added back in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period pursuant to this clause (i) shall not exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA (calculated prior to giving effect to any add-backs pursuant to this clause (i)), 
 (j) non-recurring cash expenses recognized for restructuring costs, information technology and other integration costs and business optimization expenses in connection with any Initiative, 
 (k) net unrealized losses on Swap Agreements, and 
 minus, 
 (a) to the extent included in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of 
 (i) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring income or gains (including, whether or not otherwise includable as a separate item in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, gains on the sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business), 
 (ii) income tax credits (to the extent not netted from income tax expense), 
 16 

(iii) net unrealized gains on Swap Agreements and 
 (iv) any other non-cash income (including gains on the sale of equipment or businesses and LIFO reserves terminated during such period from time to time) other than normal accruals in the ordinary course of business for non-cash income that represents an accrual for cash income in a future period and 
 (b) any cash payments made during such period in respect of items described in clause (d) above subsequent to the fiscal quarter in which the relevant non-cash expenses or losses were reflected as a charge in the statement of Consolidated Net Income, all as determined on a consolidated basis. 
 For the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any Reference Period pursuant to any determination of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, Four Quarter EBITDA or Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, (i) if at any time during such Reference Period the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have made any Material Disposition, the Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the property that is the subject of such Material Disposition for such Reference Period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such Reference Period and (ii) if during such Reference Period the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have made a Material Acquisition, Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Material Acquisition occurred on the first day of such Reference Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to the immediately preceding sentence and any adjustments made pursuant to a calculation made on a Pro Forma Basis , Consolidated EBITDA for each of the fiscal quarters ended January 31, 2018, April 30, 2018, July 31, 2018 and October 31, 2018 shall be deemed to be the respective amounts set forth of Schedule 1.1E. 
 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means for any period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such period less the aggregate amount actually paid by the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period on account of Capital Expenditures (excluding Capital Expenditures financed through the incurrence of Indebtedness or the issuance of Capital Stock otherwise permitted under this Agreement) less expenses for taxes paid in cash during such period to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such period. 
 Consolidated Fixed Charges means for any period, the sum (without duplication) of 
 (a) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, (b) scheduled principal payments made (or scheduled principal payments required to be made) during such period on account of principal of Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (c) Restricted Payments and prepayments of Junior Indebtedness made in cash during such period pursuant to Section 7.6(b), (g), (h) or (i) or Section 7.8(a)(iv) or (v). 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means for any period, total cash interest expense (including imputed interest expense attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP). 
 17 

Consolidated Leverage Ratio means as at the last day of any Reference Period, the ratio of (a)(i) Consolidated Total Debt on such day less (ii) the aggregate Unrestricted Cash on such day to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period. 
 Consolidated Net Income means for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided that there shall be excluded (a) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles, (b) the net after tax effect of extraordinary, non-recurring, unusual or exceptional gains, losses, charges and expenses, including any relating to or arising in connection with claims or litigation (including legal fees, settlements, judgments and awards), (c) the net after tax effect of gains, losses, charges and expenses attributable to asset dispositions or the sale or other disposition of any equity interests of any person other than in the ordinary course of business, as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower, (d) the net after tax effect of gains, losses, charges and expenses attributable to disposed, discontinued, closed or abandoned operations and any net after tax gains, losses, charges and expenses related to the disposal of disposed, abandoned, closed or discontinued operations, (e) the net after tax effect of gains, losses, charges and expenses attributable to the early extinguishment or conversion of Indebtedness, hedge agreements or other derivative instruments (including deferred financing expenses written off and premiums paid), (f) the net income (or loss) for such period of any Unrestricted Subsidiary, or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting provided that Consolidated Net Income shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments that are actually paid to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such period in cash or Cash Equivalents (or to the extent subsequently converted into cash or Cash Equivalents), (g) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) in any line item in such Person s consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of purchase accounting, as the case may be, in connection with the Transactions, any Acquisition or any joint venture investments or the amortization or write off of any amounts thereof, net of taxes, (h) impairment and amortization charges, asset write offs and write downs (but excluding any write offs or write downs of inventory), including impairment and amortization charges, asset write offs and write downs related to goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets, investments in debt and equity securities or as a result of a change in law or regulation, in each case, pursuant to GAAP, (i) non-cash compensation charges and expenses, including any such charges and expenses arising from grants of stock appreciation or similar rights, phantom equity, stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock or other rights or equity incentive programs and non-cash deemed finance charges in respect of any pension liabilities or other provisions, (j) (i) charges and expenses pursuant to any management equity plan, long term incentive plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any stock subscription or shareholder agreement and (ii) charges, expenses, accruals and reserves in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of equity interests held by management of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in the case of each of (i) and (ii) above, to the extent that (in the case of any cash charges and expenses) such charges, expenses, accruals and reserves are funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the Parent Borrower or net cash proceeds of an issuance of equity interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Parent Borrower, (k) any non-cash loss, charge or expense relating to the incurrence of obligations in respect of an earn out or other similar contingent obligations (but only for so long as such loss, charge or expense remains a non-cash contingent obligation), (l) to the extent covered by insurance (including business interruption insurance) and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Parent Borrower has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that (i) such coverage is not denied by the applicable carrier or indemnifying party in writing within 365 days and (ii) such amount is in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such determination (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any 
 18 

amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within 365 days), losses, charges, expenses, accruals and reserves with respect to liability or casualty events or business interruption, (m) (i) non-cash or unrealized gains or losses in respect of obligations under hedge agreements or any ineffectiveness recognized in earnings related to qualifying hedge transactions or the fair value of changes therein recognized in earnings for derivatives that do not qualify as hedge transactions, in each case, in respect of obligations under hedge agreements, and (ii) gains or losses resulting from unrealized currency translation gains or losses related to currency re-measurements of Indebtedness (including gains or losses resulting from (x) hedge agreements for currency exchange risk and (y) intercompany Indebtedness), (n) non-cash interest and similar charges or expenses on defined benefit, defined contribution or other pension plans, (o) any expenses or charges to the extent paid by a third party that is not a Restricted Subsidiary on behalf of the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (and not required to be reimbursed), and any gain resulting from such payment, (p) any expenses, charges or losses that are covered by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any Investment, Permitted Acquisition or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets permitted under the Loan Documents, to the extent actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Parent Borrower has made a determination that a reasonable basis exists for indemnification or reimbursement and only to the extent that such amount is in fact indemnified or reimbursed within 365 days of such determination (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so indemnified or reimbursed within such 365 day period), (q) any net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 712 and 715, Statement on Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 87, 106 and 112, as applicable, and any other items of a similar nature, (r) non-recurring charges, expenses and fees incurred, including financial advisory, accounting, auditor, legal and other consulting and advisory fees and any or other filing fees and expenses, or any amortization thereof, in connection with any equity offering, acquisition, merger, consolidation, amalgamation, Division, Investment, recapitalization, Disposition, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (including deferred financing expenses), refinancing transaction, restructuring or amendment or modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including in connection with the Transactions and any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any transaction undertaken but not completed) and any non-recurring charges and expenses (including non-recurring merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Division expenses) incurred as a result of any such transaction and (s) losses, charges and expenses relating to the Transactions paid within the six months after the Closing Date (including, without limitation, any financial advisory fees, filing fees, accounting fees, legal fees and other similar advisory and consulting fees and related out of pocket expenses and other fees, discounts and commissions, including with regard to arranging or syndication). 
 Consolidated Secured Debt means at any date, Consolidated Total Debt at such date that is secured by a Lien on any property of any Group Member. 
 Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio means as at the last day of any Reference Period, the ratio of (a)(i) Consolidated Secured Debt on such day less (ii) the aggregate Unrestricted Cash on such day to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such period. 
 Consolidated Total Assets means at any date of determination, the total assets, in each case reflected on the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as at the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower for which a balance sheet is available, determined in accordance with GAAP (and, in the case of any determination related to the incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens or any Investment, on a pro forma basis including any property or assets being acquired in connection therewith). 
 19 

Consolidated Total Debt means at any date (without duplication), all Capital Lease Obligations, purchase money Indebtedness, Indebtedness for borrowed money and letters of credit (but only to the extent drawn and not reimbursed), in each case of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Continuing External Debt means Indebtedness of Target and its Subsidiaries that by its terms cannot be prepaid without the consent of the lender(s) thereof and which remains outstanding on the Closing Date. 
 Continuing External Debt Payoff Amount means, with respect to the Continuing External Debt for which both (a) the consent to the repayment thereof is required and such consent has not been obtained from the lender(s) thereof and (b) an event of default (or equivalent event) exists thereunder in connection with the Loan Parties entry into or consummation of the Transactions, the aggregate amount necessary to repay the principal, interest and any estimated break costs for such Continuing External Debt, as determined by good faith estimate of the Parent Borrower, in consultation with the Administrative Agent. 
 Contractual Obligation means as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Contribution Notice means a contribution notice issued by the Pensions Regulator under s38 or s47 of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 2004. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender and, for the purposes of Section 10.13 only, any other Agent and any Arranger. 
 Daily Simple ESTR means, for any Business d D ay, ESTR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining an interest rate per annum of ESTR, based on the published rate of ESTR as of the Business Day of such request. Any change to the Daily Simple ESTR for business loans due to a change in the applicable ESTR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the ESTR without notice to the Parent Borrower provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower. 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) , for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Pounds Sterling , the greater of (a) , SONIA for the day that is 5 Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is a Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (b) 0 and (ii) Dollars (only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16), the greater of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) 0 . Any change in Daily Simple RFR due to a change in the applicable RFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the RFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day , (a SOFR , with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being Rate Day , a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day(such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such 
 20 

SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is esta pu blished by the SOFR Administrat ive or Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining on the S OFR Admin istrator s Website. A ny change in Daily Simple SOFR for business loans provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent due to a change in SOFR shall be effectiv e fro m and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 D aily Simple SOFR Borrowing when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally including without limitation, the United Kingdom s Insolvency Act 1986. 
 Default means any of the events specified in Section 8, whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit, Swingline Loans or Protective Advances or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Parent Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit, Swingline Loans and Protective Advances under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such written certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has, or a direct or indirect parent entity thereof has, become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 21 

Deposit Account has the meaning set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York, or with respect to Foreign Loan Parties, such comparable term as set forth in the applicable Security Documents. 
 Deposit Account Control Agreement means, individually and collectively, each Deposit Account Control Agreement referred to in the US Security Agreement and, in relation to any German Security Document or UK Security Document, any similar agreements, documentation or requirement (including a notice of charge (or as the case may be, a notice of assignment)) necessary to perfect the security interest of the Administrative Agent and or effect control over the relevant deposit or collections accounts referred to in such Security Documents. 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the fair market value of non-cash consideration received by the Parent Borrower or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a Disposition that is so designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer, setting forth the basis of such valuation, less the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration within 180 days of receipt thereof. 
 Dilution Factors means, without duplication, with respect to any period, the aggregate amount of all deductions, credit memos, returns, adjustments, allowances, bad debt write offs and other non-cash credits which are recorded to reduce accounts receivable in a manner consistent with current and historical accounting practices of the Loan Parties as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Dilution Ratio means at any date, the amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (a) the aggregate amount of the applicable Dilution Factors for the twelve (12) most recently ended fiscal months (or such shorter period as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion) divided by (b) total gross sales for the twelve (12) most recently ended fiscal months (or the applicable shorter period determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion). 
 Dilution Reserve means at any date, (a) the percentage amount by which the applicable Dilution Ratio exceeds five percent multiplied by (b) the Eligible Accounts. 
 Disposition means with respect to any property, any sale, lease, sale and leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer or other disposition thereof (in one transaction or in a series of transfers and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise). The terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings. 
 Disqualified Capital Stock means with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event or condition 
 (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Capital Stock of such Person that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock) whether pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise 
 (b) is convertible or exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof, for Indebtedness or Capital Stock (other than solely for Capital Stock of such Person that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock) or 
 22 

(c) is redeemable (other than solely for Capital Stock of such Person that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock) or is required to be repurchased by the applicable Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder thereof 
 in each case, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Revolving Termination Date (or, in the case of any such Capital Stock outstanding on the Closing Date, the Closing Date) provided , however , that (i) Capital Stock of any Person that would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for terms thereof giving holders thereof the right to require such Person to redeem or purchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of an asset sale or a change of control (or similar event, however denominated) shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if any such requirement becomes operative only after repayment in full of all the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and (ii) Capital Stock of any Person that is issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees or by any such plan to such employees shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by such Person or any of its subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s termination, death or disability. 
 Disqualified Lenders means (a) any Person that was specifically identified by the Parent Borrower to the Administrative Agent in writing by name prior to the Closing Date, (b) any entity that is a competitor of the Parent Borrower, the Target or any of their respective Subsidiaries (each, a Competitor ), in each case that has been specified by the Parent Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent on or after the Closing Date, and (c) any Affiliate of any Person described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) that is either (i) clearly identifiable solely on the basis of the similarity of its name as an Affiliate of such Person(s) and is not a bona fide debt investment fund or (ii) identified as an Affiliate in writing after the date hereof in a written supplement to the Disqualified Lenders List and is not a bona fide debt investment fund provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) any person that is a Lender and subsequently becomes a Disqualified Lender will be deemed to not be a Disqualified Lender hereunder, (ii) Disqualified Lender shall exclude any Person identified by the Parent Borrower as no longer being a Disqualified Lender by written notice to the Administrative Agent, and (iii) in no event shall the designation of any Person as a Disqualified Lender apply (x) to disqualify any Person until three (3) Business Days after such Person shall have been identified in writing to the Administrative Agent via electronic mail submitted to JPMDQ_Contact jpmorgan.com (or to such other address as the Administrative Agent may designate to the Parent Borrower from time to time) (the Designation Effective Date ), or (y) retroactively to disqualify any Person that, prior to the Designation Effective Date, has (1) acquired an assignment or participation interest under this Agreement, (2) entered into a trade to acquire an assignment or participation interest under this Agreement or (3) become a Competitor before such entity is added to the list of Disqualified Lenders (the Disqualified Lenders List ). 
 Dividing LLC has the meaning set forth in the definition of Division . 
 Division means that division of the assets and or liabilities of an LLC (the Dividing LLC among two or more LLCs (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement) which may or may not include the Dividing LLC. The terms Divide and Divided shall have correlative meanings. 
 Division Successor means any LLC that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing LLC, holds all or any portion of the assets or liabilities previously held by such Dividing LLC immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing LLC which retains any of its assets or liabilities after a Division shall be a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division in respect of such assets and or liabilities. 
 23 

Documentation Agents means the Documentation Agents identified on the cover page of the Agreement. 
 Documents has the meaning set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York, or with respect to Foreign Loan Parties, such comparable term as set forth in the applicable Security Documents. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in another Available Currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Available Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by Reuters on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Available Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower. 
 Dollars , dollars or means lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Guarantor means (a) the Parent Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) and (b) each other Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary and an obligor under or guarantor in respect of the Term Loans or any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof. 
 Domestic Loan Party means, without duplication, each US Borrower and each Domestic Guarantor. 
 Domestic Qualifying Account means the accounts set forth on Schedule 6.2(j)(ii). 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower organized under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States. 
 Dutch Collection Account has the meaning set forth in Section 6.12(c). 
 Dutch Security Document means the second ranking Dutch law governed deed of pledge over the shares in the capital of Sif Industries B.V. among the Parent Borrower as pledgor, the Administrative Agent as pledgee and Sif Industries B.V. as the company and any other deed of pledge, deed of mortgage or other agreement entered into by a Loan Party granting a security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent that is governed by Dutch law, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 24 

Early Opt-in Election means, if the then current Benchmark with respect to Dollars is LIBO Rate, the occurrence of 
 (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Parent Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 
 (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Parent Borrower and the Lenders. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 EHG means Erwin Hymer Group SE. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Eligible Accounts means at any time, the Accounts of the Loan Parties which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion are eligible as the basis for the extension of Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans and the issuance of Letters of Credit. Without limiting the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion provided herein, Eligible Accounts shall not include any Account 
 (a) which is not subject to a first priority perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent provided that Accounts shall not be deemed ineligible with respect to this clause (a) solely as the result of a Lien thereon of the type described in the definition of Priority Payable Reserve, solely to the extent an applicable Priority Payable Reserve is maintained with respect to such Accounts 
 (b) which is subject to any Lien other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, (ii) a Lien in favor of the Term Loan Administrative Agent which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, (iii) a Lien in favor of the administrative agent or trustee in respect of any Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent and (iv) a Permitted Encumbrance which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent provided that Accounts shall not be deemed ineligible with respect to this clause (b) solely as the result of a Lien thereon of the type described in the definition of Priority Payable Reserve, solely to the extent an applicable Priority Payable Reserve is maintained with respect to such Accounts 
 25 

(c) (i) which is unpaid more than 90 days after the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 60 days after the original due date therefor or (ii) which has been written off the books of the Loan Parties or otherwise designated as uncollectible (in determining the aggregate amount from the same Account Debtor that is unpaid hereunder there shall be excluded the amount of any net credit balances relating to Accounts due from such Account Debtor which are unpaid more than 90 days from the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 60 days from the original due date) 
 (d) which is owing by an Account Debtor for which more than 50 of the Accounts owing from such Account Debtor and its Affiliates are ineligible pursuant to clause (c) above 
 (e) which is owing by an Account Debtor to the extent the aggregate amount of Accounts owing from such Account Debtor and its Affiliates to the Loan Parties exceeds 25 of the aggregate Eligible Accounts provided that, with respect to Freedom Roads LLC (also known as Camping World) only, such percentage shall be thirty-five percent (35 )) 
 (f) with respect to which any covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or in any Security Document has been breached or is not true in any material respect 
 (g) which (i) does not arise from the sale of goods or performance of services in the ordinary course of business, (ii) is not evidenced by an invoice or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (utilizing its Permitted Discretion) which has been sent to the Account Debtor, (iii) represents a progress billing, (iv) is contingent upon a Loan Party s completion of any further performance, (v) represents a sale on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment or cash-on-delivery or any other repurchase or return basis (other than rights related to the return or repossession of finished goods by Loan Parties of the type described in clause (ii) of the parenthetical to clause (f) of the definition of Eligible Inventory or (vi) relates to payments of interest 
 (h) (i) for which the goods giving rise to such Account have not been transferred in accordance with stated shipping terms to the Account Debtor or for which the services giving rise to such Account have not been performed by a Loan Party or (ii) for which the goods giving rise to such Account have been transferred in accordance with stated shipping terms to the Account Debtor by FOB destination and such goods have not yet been received by the Account Debtor 
 (i) with respect to which any check or other instrument of payment has been returned uncollected for any reason 
 (j) which is owed by an Account Debtor which has (i) applied for, suffered, or consented to the appointment of any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, monitor, or liquidator of all or substantially all of its assets, (ii) had possession of all or substantially all of its property taken by any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, monitor or liquidator, (iii) filed, or had filed against it, any request or petition for liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debts, adjudication as bankrupt, winding-up, or voluntary or involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Laws (other than post-petition accounts payable of an Account Debtor that is a debtor-in-possession under the Bankruptcy Code (or analogous Debtor Relief Laws) and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), (iv) admitted in writing its inability, or is generally unable to, pay its debts as they become due, (v) becomeinsolvent, or (vi) ceased operation of its business or, in the case of clauses (i) or (ii), the equivalent in any applicable jurisdiction 
 26 

(k) which is owed by any Account Debtor which has sold all or a substantially all of its assets 
 (l) which is owed in any currency other than those set forth on Schedule 1.1B 
 (m) which is owed by (i) the government (or any department, agency, public corporation, or instrumentality thereof) of any country other than the U.S. or (ii) the government of the U.S., or any department, agency, public corporation, or instrumentality thereof, unless the Federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. 3727 et seq . and 41 U.S.C. 15 et seq .), and any other steps necessary to perfect the Lien of the Administrative Agent in such Account have been complied with to the Administrative Agent s satisfaction, in each case, unless such Account is backed by a letter of credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent 
 (n) which is owed by any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any employee, officer, director, agent or stockholder of any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates 
 (o) which is owed by an Account Debtor or any Affiliate of such Account Debtor to which any Loan Party is indebted, but only to the extent of such indebtedness, or is subject to any security, deposit, progress payment, retainage or other similar advance made by or for the benefit of an Account Debtor, in each case to the extent thereof 
 (p) which is subject to any counterclaim, deduction, defense, setoff or dispute (which shall include any current account arrangement Kontokorrentabrede )) but only to the extent of any such counterclaim, deduction, defense, setoff or dispute 
 (q) which is evidenced by any promissory note, chattel paper or instrument 
 (r) which is owed by an Account Debtor located in any jurisdiction which requires filing of a Notice of Business Activities Report or other similar report in order to permit the applicable Loan Party to seek judicial enforcement in such jurisdiction of payment of such Account, unless the applicable Loan Party (i) has filed such report or qualified to do business in such jurisdiction, (ii) is exempt from such filing requirement, (iii) is otherwise not required to make such filing under the Law provided that such Loan Party has made any such filing promptly following (A) the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default or (B) a request therefor by the Administrative Agent in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion or the Required Lenders 
 (s) which is owed by an Account Debtor that is a Sanctioned Person 
 (t) with respect to which any Loan Party has made any agreement with the Account Debtor for any reduction thereof, other than discounts and adjustments given in the ordinary course of business, or any Account which was partially paid and the applicable Loan Party created a new receivable for the unpaid portion of such Account, in each case, to the extent thereof 
 (u) which does not comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws and regulations, whether Federal, state or local, including the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z of the Board 
 27 

(v) which is for goods that have been sold under a purchase order or pursuant to the terms of a contract or other agreement or understanding (written or oral) that provides that any Person other than a Loan Party has or has had an ownership interest in such goods, or which indicates any party other than a Loan Party as payee or remittance party 
 (w) which was created on cash on delivery terms 
 (x) which, in respect of any European Co-Borrower, is subject to any limitation on assignment or other restriction (whether arising by operation of law, by agreement or otherwise) which would, under the local governing law of the contract creating such Account, have the effect of restricting the assignment for or by way of security or the creation of security over such Account generally, in each case unless such limitation is not enforceable with respect to Accounts governed by German law due to Section 354a of the German Commercial Code such limitation is otherwise not enforceable 
 (y) as to which the contract or agreement underlying such Account is governed by (or, if no governing law is expressed therein, is deemed to be governed by) the laws of any jurisdiction other than (i) in the case of Accounts owing to any US Loan Party, the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (ii) in the case of Accounts owing to any European Co-Borrower, any Eligible Jurisdiction or (iii) an Account that is (x) backed by a letter of credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent, (y) supported by credit insurance acceptable to the Administrative Agent, naming the Administrative Agent as an additional insured and lender loss payee (calculated net of the amount of any premiums, deductibles, co-insurance, fees or similar costs of and amounts relating to such credit insurance payable by any Borrower) or (z) solely with respect to the European Co-Borrowers, such Accounts that are acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion 
 (z) which is owed by an Account Debtor which (i) does not maintain its chief executive office in the U.S., Canada or, solely with respect to any Account Debtor of any European Co-Borrower, any Eligible Jurisdiction, and (ii) is not organized under applicable law of the U.S., any state of the U.S., Canada, or any province or territory of Canada, or, solely with respect to any Account Debtor of any European Co-Borrower, is not incorporated or established in an Eligible Jurisdiction, in each case, unless such Account is (x) backed by a letter of credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent, (y) supported by credit insurance acceptable to the Administrative Agent, naming the Administrative Agent as an additional insured and lender loss payee (calculated net of the amount of any premiums, deductibles, co-insurance, fees or similar costs of and amounts relating to such credit insurance payable by any Borrower) or (z) solely with respect to the European Co-Borrowers, such Accounts that are acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion 
 (aa) which is excluded from the scope of any Security Document by virtue of the definition of Excluded Assets 
 (bb) which is subject to any subsisting (i) factoring agreement and or (ii) receivables financing agreement or 
 (cc) which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion may not be paid by reason of the Account Debtor s inability to pay. 
 In determining the amount of an Eligible Account, the face amount of an Account may, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that any Loan Party may be obligated to rebate to an Account Debtor pursuant to 
 28 

the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by the applicable Loan Party to reduce the amount of such Account. Standards of eligibility may be made more restrictive from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion with any such changes to be effective four days after delivery of notice thereof to the applicable Borrower and the Lenders provided that if consultation with the applicable Borrower and or notice to the applicable Borrower and the Lenders is not practicable or if failure to implement any such change within a shorter time period would, in the good faith judgment of the Administrative Agent, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the Collateral or the rights of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, such change may be implemented within a shorter time as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund, (d) any commercial bank and (e) any other financial institution or investment fund engaged as a primary activity in the ordinary course of its business in making or investing in commercial loans or debt securities, other than, in each case, (i) a natural person or (ii) any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Affiliate of the Borrower provided that solely for purposes of an assignment pursuant to Section 10.6(b), Eligible Assignee shall not include any Person that is a Disqualified Lender at the time of such assignment. 
 Eligible Jurisdiction means each of Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom (or, as the case may be, England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland), provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion, remove one or more of the countries (other than Germany and the United Kingdom (or, as the case may be, England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland)) comprising the Eligible Jurisdictions and subsequently add one or more countries back as Eligible Jurisdictions. 
 Eligible Inventory means at any time, the Inventory of the Loan Parties which the Administrative Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion is eligible as the basis for the extension of Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans and the issuance of Letters of Credit. Without limiting the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion provided herein, Eligible Inventory shall not include any Inventory 
 (a) which is not subject to a first priority perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, governed by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Inventory in question is located provided that Inventory shall not be deemed ineligible with respect to this clause (a) solely as the result of a Lien thereon of the type described in the definition of Priority Payable Reserve, solely to the extent an applicable Priority Payable Reserve is maintained with respect to such Inventory 
 (b) which is subject to any Lien other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, (ii) a Lien in favor of the Term Loan Administrative Agent which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, (iii) a Lien in favor of the administrative agent or trustee in respect of any Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent and (iv) a Permitted Encumbrance which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent provided that Inventory shall not be deemed ineligible with respect to this clause (b) solely as the result of a Lien thereon of the type described in the definition of Priority Payable Reserve, solely to the extent an applicable Priority Payable Reserve is maintained with respect to such Inventory 
 29 

(c) which is, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion, slow moving, obsolete, unmerchantable, defective, used, unfit for sale, not salable at prices approximating at least the cost of such Inventory in the ordinary course of business or unacceptable due to age, type, category and or quantity 
 (d) with respect to which any covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or in any Security Document has been breached or is not true and which does not conform to all standards imposed by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Inventory, in each case, in any material respect 
 (e) in which any Person other than a Loan Party shall (i) have any direct or indirect ownership, interest or title to such Inventory or (ii) provide on any purchase order or invoice with respect to such Inventory as having an interest therein 
 (f) which is not raw materials, work-in-process or finished goods or which constitutes supplies, spare or replacement parts, subassemblies, packaging and shipping material, manufacturing supplies, samples, prototypes, displays or display items, bill-and-hold, goods that are returned or marked for return, repossessed goods, defective or damaged goods, goods held on consignment, or goods which are not of a type held for sale in the ordinary course of business provided that (i) supplies may be included if approved by the Administrative Agent and shown on an applicable appraisal acceptable to Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and (ii) finished goods that are returned to or repossessed by a Loan Party shall be included so long as (x) such finished goods were returned or repossessed (A) as a result of a dealer floor planning arrangement where such dealer has purchased such finished goods using financing provided by a dealer financier and defaulted in its payment to such financier or (B) as otherwise required by law (y) the title to such finished good has fully vested in the Loan Party and (z) such finished goods are not otherwise excluded under clause (c) above) 
 (g) which is not located in the U.S. or Canada in the case of the US Loan Parties, in the case of the UK Borrower, England and Wales and, in the case of any German Borrower, Germany or is in transit with a common carrier from vendors and suppliers (it being understood that any such Inventory that is in transit from any Loan Party to another Loan Party or from any Loan Party to a warehouse owned or leased by such Loan Party or another Loan Party within the same jurisdiction shall not be excluded pursuant to this clause (g) solely because such Inventory is in transit provided that in the case of any such Inventory in transit to a warehouse leased by a Loan Party, the Administrative Agent has received a Collateral Access Agreement in respect thereof that continues to be in effect or an appropriate Rent Reserve has been taken in respect thereof) 
 (h) which is located in any location leased by a Loan Party unless (i) the lessor has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement, (ii) a Rent Reserve has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion or (iii) the Inventory is located at an Excluded Germany Location 
 (i) which is located in any third party warehouse or is in the possession of a bailee (other than a third party processor) and is not evidenced by a Document, unless (i) such warehouseman or bailee has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may require or (ii) an appropriate Rent Reserve has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion 
 30 

(j) which is being processed offsite at a third party location or outside processor, or is in-transit to or from such third party location or outside processor unless such third party or outside processor has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement and Reserves have been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion 
 (k) which is a discontinued product (excluding discontinuations of products for specific model years as a result of update to the next model year) 
 (l) which is the subject of a consignment by the applicable Loan Party as consignor 
 (m) which contains or bears any intellectual property rights licensed to the applicable Loan Party unless the Administrative Agent is reasonably satisfied that it may sell or otherwise dispose of such Inventory without (i) infringing the rights of such licensor, (ii) violating any contract with such licensor, or (iii) incurring any liability with respect to payment of royalties other than royalties incurred pursuant to sale of such Inventory under the current licensing agreement 
 (n) which is not reflected in the books and records of the Loan Parties (unless such Inventory is reflected in a report to the Administrative Agent as in transit Inventory), unless permitted by the Administrative Agent 
 (o) for which reclamation rights have been asserted by the seller 
 (p) which has been acquired from a Sanctioned Person 
 (q) for which (i) any contract or related documentation (including invoices or purchase orders) relating to such Inventory includes retention of title rights in favor of the vendor or supplier thereof or (ii) under applicable governing laws, retention of title may be imposed unilaterally by the vendor or supplier thereof provided that Inventory of a European Co-Borrower which may be subject to any rights of retention of title shall not be excluded from Eligible Inventory solely pursuant to this clause (q) in the event that (A) the full purchase price of such Inventory has, or will have, been paid prior, or upon the delivery of, such Inventory to the relevant European Co-Borrower or (B) a Letter of Credit has been issued under and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for the purchase of such Inventory 
 (r) Inventory subject to any dealer floorplanning arrangement 
 (s) Inventory at any location with less than 100,000 in Inventory 
 (t) Inventory consisting of or containing Hazardous Materials (other than gasoline, diesel or oil) or 
 (u) which the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion determines is unacceptable. 
 Standards of eligibility may be made more restrictive from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion with any such changes to be effective four days after delivery of notice thereof to the applicable Borrower and the Lenders provided that if consultation with the applicable Borrower and or notice to the applicable Borrower and the Lenders is not practicable or if failure to implement any such change within a shorter time period would, in the good faith judgment of the Administrative Agent, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the Collateral or the rights of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, such change may be implemented within a shorter time as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 31 

Environmental Laws means any and all foreign, Federal, state, local or municipal laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decrees, requirements of any Governmental Authority or other Requirements of Law (including common law) regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of human health or the environment, as now or may at any time hereafter be in effect. 
 Equity Contribution means the direct or indirect issuance on the Closing Date of shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers with a value equal to approximately 10 of the aggregate base purchase price under the Acquisition Agreement. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means (a) any entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control with a Group Member within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA (b) any corporation that is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code of which a Group Member is a member (c) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code of which a Group Member is a member and (d) with respect to any Group Member, any member of an affiliated service group within the meaning of Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code of which any corporation described in clause (b) above or any trade or business described in clause (c) above is a member. Any former ERISA Affiliate of any Group Member shall continue to be considered an ERISA Affiliate of the Group Member within the meaning of this definition with respect to the period such entity was an ERISA Affiliate of the Group Member and with respect to liabilities arising after such period for which the Group Member could be liable under the Code or ERISA. 
 ERISA Event means (a) the failure of any Plan to comply with any material provisions of ERISA and or the Code (and applicable regulations under either) or with the material terms of such Plan (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of a non-exempt Prohibited Transaction (c) any Reportable Event (d) the failure of any Group Member or ERISA Affiliate to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or any failure by any Pension Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Pension Plan, whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA (e) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (f) the filing pursuant to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Pension Plan (g) the occurrence of any event or condition which could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or the incurrence by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan, including but not limited to the imposition of any Lien in favor of the PBGC or any Pension Plan (h) the receipt by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Pension Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA (i) the failure by any Group Member or any of its ERISA Affiliates to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Sections 431 or 432 of the Code (j) the incurrence by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (k) the receipt by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from a Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, Insolvent, in endangered or 
 32 

critical status (within the meaning of Sections 431 or 432 of the Code or Sections 304 or 305 of ERISA), or terminated (within the meaning of Section 4041A of ERISA) or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA (l) the failure by any Group Member or any of its ERISA Affiliates to pay when due (after expiration of any applicable grace period) any installment payment with respect to Withdrawal Liability under Section 4201 of ERISA (m) the withdrawal by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (n) the imposition of liability on any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA (o) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate of fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the Code or under Section 409, Section 502(c), (i) or (l), or Section 4071 of ERISA in respect of any Plan (p) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Plan other than a Multiemployer Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate in connection with any Plan (q) receipt from the IRS of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan (or any other Plan) to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code or (r) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Code or pursuant to Section 303(k) or 4068 of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan. 
 ESTR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Euro Short Term Rate for such Business Day published by the ESTR Administrator on the ESTR Administrator s Website. 
 ESTR Administrator means the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of the Euro Short Term Rate). 
 ESTR Administrator s Website means the European Central Bank s website, currently at http www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor source for the Euro Short Term Rate identified as such by the ESTR Administrator from time to time. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EURIBOR Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the EURIBOR Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the EURIBOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate is available for Euros) that is shorter than the Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period and (b) the EURIBOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate is available for Euros) that exceeds the Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time provided that, if any EURIBOR Interpolated Rate shall be less than 0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0 for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 33 

EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period provided that, if the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period with respect to Euros then the EURIBOR Rate shall be the EURIBOR Interpolated Rate. 
 EURIBOR Screen Rate means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as of 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Parent Borrower. If the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be less than zero, the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 European Co-Borrowers has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 European Guarantor means each Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that is organized under the laws of any member state of the European Union or England and Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) and has executed the Guarantee Agreement and entered into Security Documents provided, however, in no event shall a European Guarantor include Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH. 
 European Loan Party means each European Co-Borrower and each European 
 Guarantor. 
 European LC Sub-Limit means 25,000,000. 
 European Obligations means the Obligations of the European Loan Parties. 
 European Revolving Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b). 
 European Sub-Limit means 250,000,000. 
 European Swingline Sub-Limit means 25,000,000. 
 Event of Default means any of the events specified in Section 8, provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Excluded Account means (a) payroll accounts, fiduciary accounts, escrow accounts or other accounts that any Loan Party may hold in trust for others, (b) zero balance accounts and (c) other Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts of the Loan Parties holding aggregate balances in an amount not to exceed the Dollar Equivalent of 10,000,000 for all such accounts at any one time provided that no Collection Account shall at any time constitute an Excluded Account. 
 34 

Excluded Assets means (a) Excluded Accounts (b) Excluded Dealer Assets (c) assets subject to certificates of title, letter of credit rights other than supporting obligations as defined in the UCC or equivalent provisions of the laws of any other applicable jurisdiction and commercial tort claims other than claims with a Dollar Equivalent value less than 5,000,000, for which a claim has been filed in a court of competent jurisdiction, except to the extent that a security interest may be granted therein by the filing of a financing statement (d) margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U) and pledges and security interests prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation or agreements with any Governmental Authority (e) equity interests in any person other than the Subsidiary Guarantors to the extent such person is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary and such pledge is not permitted by the terms of such Subsidiary s organizational or joint venture documents, in each case, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or any other anti-assignment provisions of any other applicable jurisdiction (f) equity interests in Unrestricted Subsidiaries (g) any lease, license, contract or other agreement or document or any property subject to a purchase money security interest or similar arrangement not prohibited by the Loan Documents to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would require the consent of a third party, violate or invalidate such lease, license, contract agreement, document or purchase money arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Parent Borrower or a Subsidiary) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable law or any other anti-assignment provisions of any other applicable jurisdiction (other than the proceeds and receivables thereof the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or any other anti-assignment provisions of any other applicable jurisdiction) (h) those assets as to which the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower reasonably agree in writing that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence of obtaining such a security interest or perfection thereof is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security to be afforded thereby (i) assets of any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation or, to the extent listed on Schedule 4.16 detailing what is excluded, by any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date (or, if later, the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary) from pledging assets to secure the Obligations or for which governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization would be required for a pledge of such assets unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received (j) assets to the extent a pledge, guarantee, security interest, payment or other action with respect to or in such assets to secure the Obligations would result in an investment in United States property by a CFC within the meaning of Sections 956 and 957 of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder that is taken into account in the income of a direct or indirect owner of such CFC Subsidiary pursuant to Section 951(a)(1)(B) of the Code or would otherwise result in a material adverse tax consequence, as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower and in consultation with the Administrative Agent (k) any intent-to-use trademark application filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 1051, prior to the accepted filing of a Statement of Use and issuance of a Certificate of Registration pursuant to Section 1(d) of the Lanham Act or an accepted filing of an Amendment to Allege Use whereby such intent-to-use trademark application is converted to a use in commerce application pursuant to Section 1(c) of the Lanham Act and any other Intellectual Property in any jurisdiction where such pledge or security interest would cause the invalidation or abandonment of such Intellectual Property under applicable law and (l) real property of any Foreign Loan Party (except for any UK Loan Party). 
 Excluded Dealer Assets means, with respect to the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries, the non-core assets of dealers acquired in connection with business continuation initiatives with the view of Disposing such assets consistent with past practices. 
 Excluded Dealer Subsidiary means any Subsidiary all or substantially all of whose assets are comprised of Excluded Dealer Assets. 
 35 

Excluded Dispositions means the Disposition of the Capital Stock of the Excluded Dealer Subsidiaries or the Excluded Dealer Assets. 
 Excluded Germany Location means each location of a German Borrower in which it possesses a hereditary building right Erbbaurecht pursuant to section 1 para. 1 German hereditary building right act Erbbaurechtsgesetz and is a transferable and heritable in rem right to own buildings on or under the surface of a property. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, (b) any Excluded Dealer Subsidiary, (c) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (d) any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary that is a joint venture, to the extent the organizational documents thereof prohibit it from guaranteeing the Obligations, (e) any Subsidiary that is prohibited or restricted by applicable law, rule or regulation or by any contractual obligation that is listed on Schedule 4.16 and existing on the Closing Date (or, if later, the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary) from guaranteeing the Obligations or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a guarantee unless such consent, approval, licensor authorization has been received, (f) any CFC Subsidiary whose provision of a pledge, guarantee, security interest, payment or other action would constitute an investment in United States property within the meaning of Sections 956 and 957 of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder that is taken into account in the income of a direct or indirect owner of such CFC Subsidiary pursuant to Section 951(a)(1)(B) of the Code or would otherwise result in a material adverse tax consequence to the Parent Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, (g) not-for-profit Subsidiaries and captive insurance companies, (h) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition financed with Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to the Loan Documents as assumed Indebtedness and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof that guarantees such Indebtedness, in each case to the extent such secured Indebtedness prohibits such Subsidiary from becoming a Subsidiary Guarantor and (i) any Subsidiary whose provision of a guarantee would have a cost (including tax cost), burden, difficulty or consequence that is excessive in relation to the value afforded thereby as agreed between the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means with respect to any Loan Party (a) any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, and only for so long as, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, as applicable, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure to constitute an eligible contract participant, as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder, at the time the guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Loan Party becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (b) any other Swap Obligation designated as an Excluded Swap Obligation of such Loan Party as specified in any agreement between the relevant Loan Parties and counterparty applicable to such Swap Obligations, and agreed by the Administrative Agent. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Credit Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Credit Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of a Credit Party being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a 
 36 

Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of a Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) a Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Parent Borrower under Section 2.22) or (ii) a Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.19, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to a Credit Party s failure to comply with Section 2.19(f), (g), (d) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA and (e) any UK Excluded Withholding Taxes. 
 Existing Indebtedness Refinancing has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(d). Existing Letters of Credit shall mean each standby letter of credit existing on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 1.1D. 
 Facility Office means any office or offices of a Lender through which it will perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code. 
 FCA has the meaning set forth in Section 1.9. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Payment Date means (a) the first calendar day of each August, November, February and May and (b) the last day of the Revolving Commitment Period. 
 Financial Support Direction means a financial support direction issued by the Pensions Regulator under s43 of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 2004. 
 Flood Laws means, collectively, (a) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (b) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (c) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the LIBO Adjusted Term SOFR Rate , the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR , the Overnight Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, or the Daily Simple RFR, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt t he initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Overnight Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, or the Daily Simple RFR shall be 0 . 
 37 

Foreign Borrowers means the Borrowers that are not US Borrowers. 
 Foreign Borrowing Limits has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b). 
 Foreign Guarantor means each Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) and has executed the Guarantee Agreement and entered into Security Documents provided , however , in no event shall a Foreign Guarantor include Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH. 
 Foreign Loan Party means (i) each Foreign Borrower and (ii) each Foreign Guarantor. 
 Foreign Obligations means the Obligations of the Foreign Loan Parties. 
 Foreign Qualifying Account means the accounts set forth on Schedule 6.2(j)(i). 
 Foreign Security Documents means each Security Document that is not a US Security Document. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Foreign Benefit Arrangement means any employee benefit arrangement mandated by non-US law that is maintained or contributed to by any Group Member, any ERISA Affiliate or any other entity related to a Group Member on a controlled group basis. 
 Foreign Plan means any pension plan, pension undertaking, supplemental pension, retirement savings or other retirement income plan, obligation or arrangement of any kind other than any state social security arrangements that is not subject to US law and that is established, maintained or contributed to by any Group Member, or ERISA Affiliate or any other entity related to a Group Member on a controlled group basis or in respect of which any Group Member, or ERISA Affiliate or any other entity related to a Group Member on a controlled group basis has any liability, obligation or contingent liability. 
 Foreign Plan Event means with respect to any Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan, (a) the failure to make or, if applicable, accrue in accordance with normal accounting practices, any employer or employee contributions required by applicable law or by the terms of such Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan (b) the failure to register or loss of good standing with applicable regulatory authorities of any such Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan required to be registered the failure of any Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan to comply with any material provisions of applicable law and regulations or with the material terms of such Foreign Benefit Arrangement or Foreign Plan, (d) the Pensions Regulator issues (i) a warning relating to a Financial Support Direction or a Contribution Notice or (ii) a Financial Support Direction or a Contribution Notice to any Loan Party that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (e) any Loan Party has been notified that any of them has incurred a debt or other liability under Sections 75 or 75A of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 1995 that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 38 

Four Quarter EBITDA means, as of any date of determination, Consolidated EBITDA for the Reference Period most recently ended for such date for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Sections 6.1(a) or 6.1(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the Pro Forma Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Section 4.1(a), calculated on a Pro Forma Basis). 
 Full Cash Dominion Period means (a) each period when an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or (b) each period beginning on the fifth consecutive Business Day on which Adjusted Excess Availability is less than the greater of (i) 10 of the Line Cap and (ii) 60,000,000 provided that any such Full Cash Dominion Period commencing pursuant to clause (b) shall end when and if Adjusted Excess Availability shall have been not less than such specified level for 30 consecutive days provided , further , that no Full Cash Dominion Period pursuant to clause (b) shall commence prior to the date that is ninety days following the Closing Date. 
 Funding Office means each office of the Administrative Agent specified in Section 10.2 or such other office as may be specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its funding office by written notice to the Parent Borrower and the Lenders. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time. In the event that any Accounting Change (as defined below) shall occur and such change results in a change in the method of calculation of financial covenants, standards or terms in this Agreement, then the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree to enter into negotiations to promptly amend such provisions of this Agreement so as to reflect equitably such Accounting Changes with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Parent Borrower s results of operations and or financial condition shall be the same after such Accounting Changes as if such Accounting Changes had not been made. Until such time as such an amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Parent Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, all financial covenants, standards and terms in this Agreement shall continue to be calculated or construed as if such Accounting Changes had not occurred. Accounting Changes refers to changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants or, if applicable, the SEC. 
 German Borrowers has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 German Borrowing Base means at any time, in relation to each German Borrower, the sum of 
 (a) 85 of that German Borrower s Eligible Accounts at such time, plus 
 (b) the lesser of (i) 75 of that German Borrower s Eligible Inventory (valued at the lower of cost (determined, with respect to any Eligible Inventory of that German Borrower, on a first-in-first-out basis) and market) and (ii) the product of (x) 85 (which percentage will be increased to 87.5 from January (starting with the first day of such month) to March (ending with the last day of such month) of each fiscal year provided that, each fiscal year, the Parent Borrower may elect with respect to such fiscal year, with at least 15 days written notice to the Administrative Agent prior to the start of the three consecutive month period for such fiscal year (or in the event the start of such three consecutive month period is being pushed back and would occur after January at least 15 days prior to the first day of January), a different period of three consecutive months (starting with the first day of the applicable first month and ending on the last day of the applicable last month) be utilized for purposes of this clause (ii) so long as such different period occurs between December to April provided , further , that no more than one such three consecutive month period may occur in any fiscal year) multiplied by (y) the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent Inventory appraisal of that German Borrower ordered by the Administrative Agent multiplied by (z) that German Borrower s Eligible Inventory valued 
 39 

at the lower of cost (determined, with respect to any Eligible Inventory of that German Borrower, on a first-in-first-out basis) or market, minus 
 (c) Reserves (if any, and without duplication) 
 provided that (i) in determining the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage with respect to Inventory, the Administrative Agent may determine such percentage on a blended, product-line or other basis as it determines in its Permitted Discretion and (ii) no more than 70 of the Eligible Accounts and 35 of the Eligible Inventory of the German Borrower shall be included in any German Borrowing Base until an Acceptable Inventory Appraisal has been delivered to the Administrative Agent and an Acceptable Field Examination has been completed provided that until the earlier of (x) the date that is 120 days after the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) and (y) the first date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received an Acceptable Inventory Appraisal and an Acceptable Field Examination shall have been completed, the Eligible Accounts and Eligible Inventory of the German Borrowers shall be included in the relevant German Borrowing Bases in the following manner (A) the advance rate set forth in clause (a) shall be 70 and (B) in lieu of including Eligible Inventory of the German Borrowers in the applicable German Borrowing Bases in accordance with clause (b) above, the applicable German Borrowing Bases shall include 35 multiplied by the sum of such German Borrower s Eligible Inventory valued at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in, first-out basis) or market less provided , further that, notwithstanding the above, each German Borrowing Base shall be zero until such time as the relevant German Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent all applicable German Security Documents (and related evidence and other documentation which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request) to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 5.1(n). 
 The Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion reduce the advance rates set forth above or adjust Reserves or reduce one or more of the other elements used in computing each German Borrowing Base, with any such changes to be effective three days after delivery of notice thereof to the Parent Borrower and the Lenders provided that if consultation with the applicable German Borrower and or notice to the applicable German Borrower and the Lenders is not practicable or if failure to implement any such change within a shorter time period would, in the good faith judgment of the Administrative Agent, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the Collateral or the rights of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, such change may be implemented within a shorter time as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Each German Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent (and detailing the German Borrowing Bases), pursuant to Section 5.1(r) or 6.2(f) of this Agreement. 
 German Guarantee Limitations means the limitations to enforcement of a guarantee in relation to any German Borrower as set out in the relevant Guarantee Agreement. 
 German Insolvency Event means 
 (a) a German Relevant Entity is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is deemed to or declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends or threatens to suspend making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness, including a stoppage of payment situation Zahlungsun- f higkeit ), a status of over-indebtedness berschuldung ), the presumed inability to pay its debts as they fall due drohende Zahlungsunf higkeit ), or actual insolvency proceedings 
 40 

(b) a moratorium is declared in respect of any Indebtedness of a German Relevant Entity, or 
 (c) (i) such German Relevant Entity is otherwise in a situation to file for insolvency because of any of the reasons set out in Sections 17 to 19 of the German Insolvency Code Insolvenzordnung and (ii) a petition for insolvency proceedings in respect of its assets Antrag auf Er ffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens has been filed based on section 17 to section 19 of the German Insolvency Code Insolvenzordnung ), or actions are taken pursuant to section 21 German Insolvency Code Insolvenzordnung by a competent court. 
 German Loan Party means each of the German Borrowers and each Subsidiary Guarantor that (a) is organized under the laws of Germany, and or (b) becomes a party to a German Security Document and the Guarantee Agreement. 
 German Qualifying Lender means, in respect of interest payable by a German Taxed Borrower, a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under this Agreement or documents related to this Agreement and is 
 (a) lending through a Facility Office in Germany or 
 (b) a German Treaty Lender. 
 German Relevant Entity means any German Loan Party or any Loan Party capable of becoming subject of insolvency proceedings under the German Insolvency Code Insolvenzordnung ). 
 German Security Agreements means the agreements substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2, or such other form as the Administrative Agent may approve. 
 German Security Documents means the German Security Agreement and each pledge agreement, security assignment agreement, security transfer agreement, land charge deed, security purpose agreement or other agreement that is entered into by any German Loan Party in favor of the Administrative Agent, and any other pledge agreement, security assignment agreement, security transfer agreement, land charge deed, security purpose agreement, security confirmation agreement, supplemental account pledge agreement or other agreement entered into by a Loan Party granting a security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent that is governed by the laws of Germany, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 German Taxed Borrower means a Borrower that is resident for tax purposes in Germany. 
 German Treaty has the meaning set forth in the definition German Treaty State . 
 German Treaty Lender means a Lender which 
 (a) is treated as a resident of a German Treaty State for the purposes of the German Treaty and 
 41 

(b) does not carry on a business in Germany through a permanent establishment with which that Lender's participation in the Loan or Letter of Credit is effectively connected. 
 German Treaty State means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement with Germany German Treaty which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed by Germany on interest. 
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state, provincial, territorial or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity (including any European supranational body, the European Central Bank and the Council of Ministers of the European Union) exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners). 
 Group Members means the collective reference to the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Guarantee Agreement means the ABL Guarantee Agreement to be executed and delivered by each Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 
 Guarantee Obligation means as to any Person (the guaranteeing person ), any obligation, including a reimbursement, counterindemnity or similar obligation, of the guaranteeing Person that guarantees or in effect guarantees, or which is given to induce the creation of a separate obligation by another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit) that guarantees or in effect guarantees, any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations (the primary obligations of any other third Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof provided , however , that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee Obligation is made and (b) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith. 
 Hazardous Materials means (a) any substance, material, or waste that is included within the definitions of hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, toxic substances, toxic materials, toxic waste, or words of similar import in any Environmental Law (b) those substances listed as hazardous substances by the United States Department of Transportation (or any successor agency) (49 C.F.R. 172.101 and amendments thereto), by the Environmental Protection Agency (or any successor agency) (40 C.F.R. Part 302 and amendments thereto) or any other applicable Governmental Authority and (c) any substance, material, or waste that is petroleum, petroleum-related, or a petroleum by-product, asbestos or asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, 
 42 

flammable, explosive, radioactive, freon gas, radon, or a pesticide, herbicide, or any other agricultural chemical. 
 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the European Union. 
 HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme means the Board of H.M. Revenue and Customs Double Taxation Treaty Passport scheme. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that (a) did not, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower most recently ended, have gross assets with a value in excess of 5 of Consolidated Total Assets and (b) taken together with all Immaterial Subsidiaries as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower most recently ended, did not have gross assets with a value in excess of 10 of Consolidated Total Assets for the fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower most recently ended. Each Immaterial Subsidiary as of the Closing Date is noted in Schedule 4.16, and the Parent Borrower shall update the list of Immaterial Subsidiaries on a quarterly basis after the Closing Date as necessary to reflect all Immaterial Subsidiaries at such time as set forth in Section 6.2(a). 
 Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of EURIBOR Rate. 
 Impacted Interest Period has the meaning set forth in the definition of LIBO Rate. 
 Increased Facility Activation Notice means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 or in such other form as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Increased Facility Closing Date means any Business Day designated as such in an Increased Facility Activation Notice. 
 Incremental Commitments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(a). 
 Indebtedness means of any Person at any date, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services, (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) all obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as an account party or applicant under or in respect of acceptances, letters of credit, surety bonds or similar arrangements, (g) the liquidation value of all redeemable preferred Disqualified Capital Stock of such Person, (h) all Guarantee Obligations of such Person in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above, (i) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation (but only to the extent of the lesser of (i) the amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of such property), and (j) for the purposes of Section 8(e) only, all net obligations of such Person in respect of Swap Agreements provided that Indebtedness shall not include (i) trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business and not overdue more than 90 days, (ii) deferred compensation payable to directors, officers or employees of any Group Member, (iii) any purchase price adjustment or earnout obligation until such adjustment or obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and (iv) any other indebtedness or portion thereof with respect to which and to the extent the trustee or other applicable depository in respect of such indebtedness holds cash or cash equivalents in an amount sufficient to repay the principal of, and accrued 
 43 

interest on, such indebtedness, and the foregoing shall constitute a redemption or a complete defeasance of such indebtedness pursuant to the applicable agreement governing such indebtedness. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
 Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 10.5. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document or Letter of Credit and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) above, Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 10.5. 
 Insolvent means with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. 
 Intellectual Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including copyrights, copyright licenses, patents, patent licenses, industrial designs, trademarks, trademark licenses, technology, know-how and processes, all registrations and applications therefor, and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement or other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means the ABL Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Parent Borrower, certain Subsidiary Guarantors, the Administrative Agent and the Term Loan Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit K. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the applicable Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.12, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit D or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) as to any ABR Loan (other than any Swingline Loan), the first calendar day of each August, November, February and May to occur while such Loan is outstanding and the final maturity date of such Loan, (b) as to any Term Benchmark Loan having an Interest Period of three months or less, the last day of such Interest Period, (c) as to any Term Benchmark Loan having an Interest Period longer than three months, each day that is three months, or a whole multiple thereof, after the first day of such Interest Period and the last day of such Interest Period, (d) as to any Loan (other than any Revolving Loan that is an ABR Loan and any Swingline Loan), the date of any repayment or prepayment made in respect thereof, (e) as to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month), and (f) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and (g) subject to Section 2.16, with respect to any Daily Simple SOFR Loan each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) . Interest Payment Date shall also include the Revolving Termination Date. 
 44 

Interest Period means as to any Term Benchmark Loan, (a) initially, the period commencing on the borrowing or conversion date, as the case may be, with respect to such Term Benchmark Loan and ending one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the applicable Borrower in its Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request, as the case may be, given with respect thereto and (b) thereafter, each period commencing on the last day of the next preceding Interest Period applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan and ending one, two, three or six months thereafter i n each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment , as selected by the applicable Borrower by irrevocable notice by submitting an Interest Election Request to the Administrative Agent not later than 12 00 Noon, Local Time, on the date that is three Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto provided that all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following 
 (i) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day 
 (ii) no Borrower may select an Interest Period that would extend beyond the Revolving Termination Date and 
 (iii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. 
 Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable Available Currency) that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable Available Currency) that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time provided that if any Interpolated Rate shall be less than 0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0 for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 (iv) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.16(d) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. 
 Inventory has the meaning set forth in the applicable Security Documents, as applicable. 
 45 

Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 7.7. IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 Issuer Individual Commitment means (a) 20,000,000 respectively, for each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of Montreal, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and (b) the commitment of each additional Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Issuing Lender means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of Montreal, U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, any additional Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.1(c) and any other Revolving Lender approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and the Parent Borrower that has agreed in its sole discretion to act as an Issuing Lender hereunder, or any of their respective affiliates or branches, in each case in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit. Each reference herein to the Issuing Lender shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, Barclays Bank PLC shall only be required to provide standby Letters of Credit. 
 Joint Venture means a joint venture, partnership or other similar arrangement entered into by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether in corporate, partnership or other legal form provided that in no event shall any Subsidiary be considered to be a Joint Venture. 
 JPMCB JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors. 
 Junior Indebtedness means (a) any Subordinated Indebtedness and (b) any Material Unsecured Indebtedness of any Group Member. 
 L C Commitment means 100,000,000 (which is a sublimit of the Commitments), as such amount may be reduced from time to time by the mutual agreement of the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower. 
 L C Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Lender pursuant to a Letter of Credit, including in respect of a time draft presented thereunder. 
 L C Exposure means at any time, the total L C Obligations. The L C Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Revolving Percentage of the total L C Exposure at such time. 
 L C Obligations means at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of the then outstanding Letters of Credit and (b) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of drawings under Letters of Credit that have not then been reimbursed pursuant to Section 3.5. 
 L C Participants means the collective reference to all the Revolving Lenders other than the Issuing Lender. 
 
 46 

LCA Election has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4. 
 LCA Test Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4. 
 Lender Parent means with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a Subsidiary. 
 Lenders has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 Letters of Credit has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a). 
 LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted Interest Period with respect to the applicable currency then the LIBO Rate shall be the Interpolated Rate. 
 LIBO Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for such currency, as applicable) for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower) provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero , such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, assignment by way of security, retention of title arrangement, right of retention or other security interest or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing and, in general, any right in rem created for the purpose of granting security). 
 Limited Condition Acquisition means any acquisition, including by way of merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Division, by Parent Borrower or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries permitted pursuant to the Loan Documents whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 
 Line Cap means the lesser of (a) the Total Commitments and (b) the Borrowing Base. LLC means any Person that is a limited liability company. 
 Loan means any loan made by any Lender pursuant to this Agreement, including Swingline Loans and Protective Advances. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, Amendment No. 1, Amendment No. 2, the Guarantee Agreement, the Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes and any amendment, waiver, supplement or other modification to any of the foregoing. 
 47 

Loan Parties means each Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Local Time means (a) local time in New York City, United States of America with respect to a Loan, Letter of Credit, Borrowing or L C Disbursement made, repaid, or requested, as applicable, by or on behalf of any US Borrower (to the extent denominated in Dollars), (b) local time in Toronto, Canada with respect to a Letter of Credit or L C Disbursement made, repaid, or requested, as applicable, by or on behalf of any US Borrower (to the extent denominated in Canadian Dollars) and (c) local time in London, England with respect to a Loan, Letter of Credit, Borrowing or L C Disbursement made, repaid, or requested, as applicable, by or on behalf of any European Co-Borrower (or any such extension of credit to any US Borrower denominated in Euros or Pounds Sterling). 
 Material Acquisition means any acquisition of property or series of related acquisitions of property that (a) constitutes assets comprising all or substantially all of an operating unit of a business or constitutes all or substantially all of the common stock of a Person and (b) involves the payment of consideration by the Group Members in excess of 100,000,000. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, property, operations or financial condition of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or thereunder. 
 Material Disposition means any Disposition of property or series of related Dispositions of property that yields gross proceeds to the Group Members in excess of 100,000,000. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans) or Swap Obligations of any one or more of the Parent Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount of 100,000,000 or more provided that any Indebtedness outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be Material Indebtedness. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of any Swap Obligation at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Parent Borrower and or any applicable Restricted Subsidiary would be required to pay if the applicable Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Unsecured Indebtedness means any Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount of 50,000,000 or more that is not secured by a Lien on any property of any Group Member. 
 Materials of Environmental Concern means any gasoline or petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum products or any hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes, defined or regulated as such in or under any Environmental Law, including asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and urea-formaldehyde insulation. 
 Moody s has the meaning set forth in the definition of Cash Equivalents. 
 Mortgaged Properties means the real properties listed on Schedule 1.1C and any real property that becomes subject to a Mortgage pursuant to this Agreement, in each case as to which the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties shall be granted a Lien pursuant to the Mortgages. 
 Mortgages means each of the mortgages, deeds of trust, deeds of immovable hypothec and or deeds to secure debt made by any Loan Party in favor of, or for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (with such changes thereto as shall be advisable under the law of the jurisdiction in which such mortgage, deed of trust or deed to secure debt is to be recorded), including any Mortgages executed and delivered pursuant to Sections 5.1(k), 6.10(b) and 6.13. 
 48 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate (a) makes or is obligated to make contributions, (b) during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions or (c) has any actual or contingent liability. 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a Plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means in connection with any issuance or sale of Capital Stock or any incurrence of Indebtedness, the cash proceeds received from such issuance or incurrence, net of attorneys fees, investment banking fees, accountants fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith. 
 Net Orderly Liquidation Value means with respect to Inventory of any Person, the orderly liquidation value thereof as determined in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent by an appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, net of all costs of liquidation thereof. 
 New Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(b). 
 New Lender Supplement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(b). 
 Non-U.S. Lender means (a) if the applicable Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the applicable Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Notes means the collective reference to any promissory note evidencing Loans. NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided, further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Obligations means collectively, (a) the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations and interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to the Borrowers, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations, all other obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender, whether direct or indirect,absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Letters of Credit or any other document made, delivered or given in connection herewith or therewith, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender that are required to be 
 49 

paid by the Borrowers pursuant hereto) or otherwise, (b) all Banking Services Obligations and (c) all Secured Swap Obligations. 
 Original Indebtedness has the meaning set forth in the definition of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness. 
 Other Benchmark Rate Election means, with respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars, if the then-current Benchmark is the LIBO Rate, the occurrence of 
 (i.) a request by the Parent Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify each of the other parties hereto that, at the determination of the Parent Borrower, Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed), in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate, a term benchmark rate as a benchmark rate, and 
 (ii.) the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and the Parent Borrower jointly elect to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Parent Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Other Connection Taxes means with respect to any Credit Party, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Credit Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Credit Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court, or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document or Letter of Credit, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Sections 2.21 or 2.22). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Term Benchmark borrowings denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Overnight Loans means Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Overnight Rate. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day , (i) prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Event for Loans denominated in Dollars or Euros , a rate per annum equal to the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for overnight deposits in Euros or Dollars (as the case may be) as displayed on the applicable Reuters screen (currently page LIBOR01) (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a page of the Reuters screen, on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be reasonably selected by the Applicable Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower) at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, on such day, (ii) after the applicable Benchmark Transition Event for Loans denominated in Dollars or Euros , (x) with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR, and (y) with respect to Loans denominated in Euros, the Daily Simple ESTR and iii z with respect to Loans denominated in Sterling, the Daily Simple RFR for Sterling provided that if an Overnight Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 50 

Parent Borrower has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(c). 
 Participating Member States means, at any time, any member state of the European Union which has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 Patriot Act has the meaning set forth in Section 10.17. 
 Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(a). 
 Payment Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(b). 
 Payment Conditions means, with respect to any Specified Restricted Transaction, the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (a) as of the date of any such Specified Restricted Transaction and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (b) If the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, is greater than or equal to 1.00 to 1.00, then Adjusted Excess Availability (both before and after giving pro forma effect to such Specified Restricted Transaction both as of such date and on an average daily basis during the thirty (30) consecutive day period ending on and including the date of such Specified Restricted Transaction) shall be not less than (i) in the case of a Specified Restricted Payment or Specified Restricted Debt Payment, the greater of (A) 15.0 of the Line Cap and (B) 90,000,000, or (ii) in the case of a Specified Restricted Investment, the greater of (A) 12.5 of the Line Cap and (B) 70,000,000, in each case, as of such date 
 (c) If the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, is less than 1.00 to 1.00, then Adjusted Excess Availability (both before and after giving pro forma effect to such Specified Restricted Transaction both as of such date and on an average daily basis during the thirty (30) consecutive day period ending on and including the date of such Specified Restricted Transaction) shall be not less than (i) in the case of a Specified Restricted Payment or Specified Restricted Debt Payment, the greater of (A) 20.0 of the Line Cap and (B) 125,000,000, or (ii) in the case of a Specified Restricted Investment, the greater of (A) 17.5 of the Line Cap and (B) 112,500,000, in each case, as of such date and 
 51 

(d) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower certifying as to compliance with the preceding clauses and demonstrating (in reasonable detail) the calculations required thereby. 
 Payment Requirements has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(c). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established under Section 4002 of ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Pension Plan means any employee benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan, but not including a Multiemployer Plan) that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA (a) which is or was sponsored, maintained or contributed to by, or required to be contributed to by, any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate or (b) with respect to which any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate has any actual or contingent liability . 
 Pensions Regulator means the body corporate called the Pensions Regulator established under Part I of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 2004, as amended. 
 Permitted Acquisition means the purchase or other acquisition by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation, Division or otherwise) of all or a majority of the Capital Stock of, or all or substantially all of the property of, any Person, or of any business, unit, division or product line, of any Person provided that with respect to each purchase or other acquisition (a) after giving effect thereto, the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries are in compliance with Section 7.15, (b) immediately before and after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to any such purchase or other acquisition, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (c) any such newly created or acquired Subsidiary shall, to the extent required by Section 6.9, comply with the requirements of Section 6.9. 
 Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Domestic Loan Party (other than the Term Loans and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) (a) that is (and any Guarantees thereof by any Loan Party are) secured by a Lien on the Collateral that, with respect to the ABL Priority Collateral, is junior to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and that is not secured by any other property or assets of the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (b) that does not mature earlier than the date that is 91 days after the Revolving Termination Date (other than, for purposes of this clause (b), customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions, would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of the preceding clause (b)), (c) that does not provide for any amortization, mandatory prepayment, redemption or repurchase (other than upon a change of control, fundamental change, customary asset sale or event of loss mandatory offers to purchase and customary acceleration rights after an event of default and, for the avoidance of doubt, rights to convert or exchange into Capital Stock of any Borrower in the case of convertible or exchangeable Indebtedness) prior to the date that is 91 days after the Revolving Termination Date (other than with respect to customary bridge financings, which may have such an earlier maturity date and which, subject to customary conditions, would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of the preceding clause (c)), (d) that contains covenants, events of default, guarantees and other terms that are customary for similar Indebtedness in light of then-prevailing market conditions (it being understood and agreed that such Indebtedness shall include financial maintenance covenants only to the extent any such financial maintenance covenant is (i) applicable only to periods after the Revolving Termination Date or (ii) included in or added to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders) and, when taken as a whole (other than interest rates, rate floors, fees and optional prepayment or redemption terms), are not 
 52 

more favorable to the lenders or investors providing such Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness, as the case may be, than those set forth in the Loan Documents are with respect to the Lenders (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Revolving Termination Date) provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness or the modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension thereof (or such shorter period of time as may reasonably be agreed by the Administrative Agent), together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such resulting Indebtedness or drafts of the material definitive documentation relating thereto, stating that the Parent Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirements of this clause (d) shall be conclusive, and (e) that is not guaranteed by any Person other than by the Parent Borrower and or Restricted Subsidiaries that are Domestic Loan Parties. 
 Permitted Discretion means a determination made in good faith and in the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender similarly situated) business judgment provided that any exercise of Permitted Discretion for purposes of the definitions of Dilution Factors , Dilution Ratio , Eligible Accounts , Eligible Jurisdiction , Eligible Inventory , German Borrowing Base Priority Payable Reserve , Reserves , UK Borrowing Base , US Borrowing Base and for purposes of Section 6.2(f) shall, in each case, be following (to the extent practicable) reasonable prior notice to, and consultation with, the Parent Borrower). 
 Permitted Encumbrances means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.3(a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (n) provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness (other than with respect to Section 7.3(n)). 
 Permitted Liens means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.3. 
 Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means with respect to any Indebtedness of any Person (the Original Indebtedness ), any modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension of such Indebtedness, in whole or in part provided , that (i) no Person that is not an obligor with respect to the Original Indebtedness shall be an obligor with respect to such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness, (ii) the final maturity and weighted average life to maturity of such Indebtedness shall not be shortened as a result of such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension, (iii) in the case of any modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension of Indebtedness incurred pursuant Section 7.2(b), the other material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness after giving effect to such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension, taken as a whole (other than interest rates, rate floors, fees and optional prepayment or redemption terms), shall not be materially more restrictive as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith, (iv) (x) in the case of any Original Indebtedness consisting of a revolving credit facility, the committed amount (in the case of a revolving credit facility) or principal of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the committed amount in respect of the Original Indebtedness and (y) otherwise, the principal amount (or accreted value or committed amount, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value or committed amount, if applicable) of the Original Indebtedness, except in each case by an amount (such amount, the Additional Permitted Amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon at such time plus reasonable fees and expenses incurred in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension, (v) for the avoidance of doubt, the Original Indebtedness is paid down (or commitments in respect thereof are reduced) on a dollar-for-dollar basis by such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness (other than by the Additional Permitted Amount), (vi) if the Original Indebtedness shall have been subordinated to the Obligations, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall also be subordinated to the Obligations on terms not less favorable in any material respect to the Lenders and (vii) such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the assets that secured such 
 53 

Original Indebtedness (or would have been required to secure such Original Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof) or, in the event Liens securing such Original Indebtedness shall have been contractually subordinated to any Lien securing the Obligations, by any Lien that shall not have been contractually subordinated to at least the same extent. 
 Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (a) that is not (and any Guarantees thereof are not) secured by any collateral (including the Collateral), (b) that does not mature earlier than the date that is 91 days after the Revolving Termination Date (other than, for purposes of this clause (b), customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions, would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing so long as such permanent financing satisfies the requirements in this clause (b)), (c) that does not provide for any amortization, mandatory prepayment, redemption or repurchase (other than upon a change of control, fundamental change, customary asset sale or event of loss mandatory offers to purchase and customary acceleration rights after an event of default and, for the avoidance of doubt, rights to convert or exchange into Capital Stock of any Borrower in the case of convertible or exchangeable Indebtedness) prior to the date that is 91 days after the Revolving Termination Date (other than with respect to customary bridge financings, which may have such an earlier maturity date and which, subject to customary conditions, would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which satisfies the requirements of the preceding clause (c)), (d) that contains covenants, events of default, guarantees and other terms that are customary for similar Indebtedness in light of then-prevailing market conditions (it being understood and agreed that such Indebtedness shall not include any financial maintenance covenants and that applicable negative covenants shall be incurrence-based to the extent customary for similar Indebtedness) and, when taken as a whole (other than interest rates, rate floors, fees and optional prepayment or redemption terms), are not more favorable to the lenders or investors providing such Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness, as the case may be, than those set forth in the Loan Documents are with respect to the Lenders (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Revolving Termination Date) provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness or the modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension thereof (or such shorter period of time as may reasonably be agreed by the Administrative Agent), together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such resulting Indebtedness or drafts of the material definitive documentation relating thereto, stating that the Parent Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirements in this clause (d) shall be conclusive, and (e) that is not guaranteed by any Person other than on an unsecured basis by the Parent Borrower and or Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, unlimited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, including any employee welfare benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), any employee pension benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA but excluding any Multiemployer Plan), and any plan which is both an employee welfare benefit plan and an employee pension benefit plan, and in respect of which any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such Plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 54 

Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq. , as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Platform has the meaning set forth in Section 10.15. 
 Pledged Collateral has the meaning set forth in the US Security Agreement, or with respect to Foreign Loan Parties, such comparable term as set forth in the applicable Security Documents. 
 Pounds Sterling or refers to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom and, in respect of all payments to be made under this Agreement in Pounds Sterling, means immediately available, freely transferable funds in such currency. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Priority Payable Reserve means, with respect to any European Co-Borrower, any reserve for amounts which rank (as a matter of applicable law) in priority to the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent to secure, or for other claims and or deductions from, the European Obligations, including without limitation, in the Permitted Discretion of the Administrative Agent, any such amounts due and not paid for wages, or vacation pay, severance pay, employee deductions, income tax, insolvency costs, amounts due and not paid under any legislation relating to workers compensation or to employment insurance amounts currently or past due and not paid for realty, municipal or similar taxes (to the extent impacting personal or movable property), sales tax and pension obligations. 
 Pro Forma Basis means with respect to the calculation of any test or covenant hereunder, such test or covenant being calculated after giving effect to (a) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (b) any designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, (c) any Material Acquisition, (d) any Material Disposition and (e) any assumption, incurrence, repayment or other Disposition of Indebtedness or any Restricted Payment (all of the foregoing, Applicable Transactions using, for purposes of determining such compliance, the historical financial statements of all entities or assets so designated, acquired or sold (to the extent available) and the consolidated financial statements of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, which shall be reformulated as if all Applicable Transactions during the Applicable Reference Period, or subsequent to the Applicable Reference Period and on or prior to the date of such calculation, had been consummated at the beginning of such period (and shall include, with respect to any Material Acquisition or Material Disposition, any adjustments calculated in accordance with (and subject to the requirements and limitations of) clause (h) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA provided that with respect to any assumption, incurrence, repayment or other Disposition of Indebtedness (i) if such Indebtedness has a floating rate of interest, the interest expense on such Indebtedness will be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of calculation had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Obligations applicable to such Indebtedness if such Swap Obligation has a remaining term as at the date of calculation in excess of 12 months), (ii) interest on Capital Lease Obligations shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP, (iii) interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility shall be based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period and (iv) interest on Indebtedness that may be optionally determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be 
 55 

deemed to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if none, then based upon such optional rate as the Parent Borrower may designate. For the avoidance of doubt, in calculating Consolidated Fixed Charges, (x) the Consolidated Fixed Charges assumed or incurred in connection with a Material Acquisition consummated during the Applicable Reference Period or subsequent to the Applicable Reference Period and on or prior to the date of such calculation shall be included and (y) the Consolidated Fixed Charges Disposed of pursuant to a Material Disposition consummated during the Applicable Reference Period or subsequent to the Applicable Reference Period and on or prior to the date of such calculation shall be excluded. 
 Pro Forma Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a). 
 Prohibited Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975(c) of the Code. 
 Projections has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(b). 
 Properties has the meaning set forth in Section 4.18(a). 
 Protective Advance Exposure means at any time, the Dollar Equivalent of the sum of the aggregate amount of all outstanding Protective Advances at such time. The Protective Advance Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Revolving Percentage of the total Protective Advance Exposure at such time. 
 Protective Advances has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. 
 Public-Sider means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of the Parent Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries while in possession of the financial statements provided by the Parent Borrower under the terms of this Agreement. 
 Qualified Capital Stock means Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower other than Disqualified Capital Stock. 
 Qualified Unrestricted Cash means Unrestricted Cash constituting Collateral that is held in deposit accounts and securities accounts of the Loan Parties subject to a control agreement or any similar agreement or documentation required for the perfection of the security interest of the Administrative Agent over the relevant deposit or securities accounts in favor of the Administrative Agent and, in each case, satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent provided that (x) no Unrestricted Cash of the Foreign Loan Parties shall constitute Qualified Unrestricted Cash other than Unrestricted Cash otherwise meeting the requirements of this definition that is held in the Foreign Qualifying Accounts (or any successor or replacement account thereof satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and (y) no Unrestricted Cash of a Domestic Loan Party may qualify as Qualified Unrestricted Cash unless it is in an account of a Domestic Loan Party (1) located at the Administrative Agent, (2) constituting a Domestic Qualifying Account (or any successor or replacement account thereof satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (3) constituting a Specified Account (or any successor or replacement account thereof satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) or (4) that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that, in each case, otherwise meets the requirements of this definition, it being agreed that the amount of Unrestricted Cash in the Specified Accounts that may constitute Qualified Unrestricted Cash may not exceed the Dollar Equivalent of 15,000,000. 
 56 

Reference Period means each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Borrower. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is LIBO the Term SOFR Rate, 11 00 a.m. (London 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two London banking U.S. Government Securities Business d D ays preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four Business Days prior to such setting, or (4) if such Benchmark is none of the LIBO Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate or SONIA, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Parent Borrower. 
 Refunded Swingline Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7. Register has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(b). 
 Regulation has the meaning set forth in Section 4.28. 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Reimbursement Obligation means the obligation of the applicable Borrower to reimburse the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.5 for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the LIBO Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Rate, or (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Daily Simple RFR. 
 57 

Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the LIBO Screen Term SOFR Reference Rate or (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate. 
 Rent Reserve means with respect to any store, warehouse distribution center, regional distribution center or depot where any Inventory subject to Liens arising by operation of law or granted by a Loan Party is located, a reserve equal to three months rent at such store, warehouse distribution center, regional distribution center or depot. 
 Report means reports prepared by the Administrative Agent or another Person showing the results of appraisals, field examinations or audits pertaining to the assets of the Loan Parties from information furnished by or on behalf of the Parent Borrower, after the Administrative Agent has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement, which Reports may be distributed to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Pension Plan, other than those events as to which notice is waived pursuant to DOL Reg. Section 4043 as in effect on the Closing Date (no matter how such notice requirement may be changed in the future). 
 Reported Banking Services Obligations means Banking Services Obligations of any Loan Party or its Restricted Subsidiaries owing to one or more Lenders or their respective Affiliates or branches provided that, as of any date of determination, such obligations shall constitute Reported Banking Services Obligations solely to the extent that the Lender party thereto or its Affiliate or branch (other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) shall have reported the amount of such outstanding obligations to the Administrative Agent as of the last day of the previous fiscal quarter on or prior to the date that is 15 days following the end of such fiscal quarter (or (x) prior to the date that is 15 days following the end of the first fiscal quarter following the Closing Date, within 15 days of the Closing Date such Lender or Affiliate or branch shall have reported the amount of such outstanding obligations as of the Closing Date, and (y) within 10 days of any request therefor by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Affiliate or branch shall have reported the amount of such outstanding obligations as of any other date reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent). 
 Reported Secured Swap Obligations means Secured Swap Obligations of any Loan Party owing to one or more Lenders or their respective Affiliates provided that, as of any date of determination, such obligations shall constitute Reported Secured Swap Obligations solely to the extent that as of any date of determination, such Lender party thereto or its Affiliate (other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) shall have reported the amount of such outstanding Swap Obligations to the Administrative Agent as of the last day of the previous fiscal quarter on or prior to the date that is 15 days following the end of such fiscal quarter (or (x) prior to the date that is 15 days following the end of the first fiscal quarter following the Closing Date, within 30 days of the Closing Date such Lender or Affiliate shall have reported the amount of such outstanding obligations as of the Closing Date and (y) within 10 days of any request therefor by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Affiliate shall have reported the amount of such outstanding Swap Obligations as of any other date reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent). 
 Reporting Trigger Period means the period (a) commencing on the day that (i) an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or (ii) Adjusted Excess Availability is less than the greater of (A) 60,000,000 or (B) 10 of the Line Cap for five (5) consecutive Business Days and (b) continuing until the date that during the previous thirty (30) consecutive days (i) no Event of Default has existed and (ii) Adjusted Excess Availability has been greater than the greater of (A) 60,000,000, or (B) 10 of the Line Cap at all times. 
 58 

Required Lenders means at any time, the holders of more than 50 of the Total Commitments then in effect or, if the Commitments have been terminated, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. 
 Requirement of Law means as to any Person, the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Reserves means Dilution Reserves, Rent Reserves, Priority Payable Reserves and any other reserves which the Administrative Agent deems necessary, in its Permitted Discretion, to maintain (including (but without duplication of other reserves or adjustments), Banking Services Reserves, reserves for consignee s, warehousemen s and bailee s charges, reserves for Swap Obligations, reserves for contingent liabilities of any Loan Party, reserves for uninsured losses of any Loan Party, reserves for uninsured, underinsured, un-indemnified or under-indemnified liabilities or potential liabilities with respect to any litigation and reserves for taxes, fees, assessments, and other governmental charges, reserves for potential fees payable to an insolvency administrator pursuant to Sec. 171 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) or relevant successor provisions, reserves for VAT, reserves for the prescribed part of a UK Loan Party s net property that would be made available for the satisfaction of its unsecured liabilities pursuant to section 176A of the United Kingdom s Insolvency Act 1986, as amended, reserves with respect to liabilities of a UK Loan Party which constitute preferential debts pursuant to sections 175, 176ZA or 386 of the United Kingdom s Insolvency Act 1986, as amended, and reserves for extended or extendible retention of title over Accounts) with respect to the Collateral or any Loan Party). 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, director of financial reporting or treasurer of the applicable Borrower, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer of the Parent Borrower or any director of such Borrower acting in such capacity and in each case with respect to a German Loan Party including a managing director Gesch ftsf hrer and a member of the board Vorstand ). 
 Restricted Debt Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.8(a). 
 Restricted Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 1.6. 
 Restricted Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 59 

Reuters means, as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor 
 thereto. 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in any Available Currency (other than Dollars), each of the following (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion into or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in an Available Currency (other than Dollars), each of the following (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each quarter and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof and (c) any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine at any time when an Event of Default exists. 
 Revolving Commitment Period means the period from and including the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date to the Revolving Termination Date. 
 Revolving Extensions of Credit means as to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans held by such Lender then outstanding, (b) such Lender s Revolving Percentage of the L C Obligations then outstanding, (c) such Lender s Revolving Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding and (d) such Lender s Revolving Percentage of the Protective Advances then outstanding. 
 Revolving Lender means each Lender that has a Commitment or that holds Revolving 
 Loans. 
 Revolving Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b). 
 Revolving Percentage means as to any Revolving Lender at any time, the percentage which such Lender s Commitment then constitutes of the Total Commitments or, at any time after the Commitments shall have expired or terminated, the percentage which the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans then outstanding constitutes of the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans then outstanding, provided, that, in the event that the Revolving Loans are paid in full prior to the reduction to zero of the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit, the Revolving Percentages shall be determined in a manner designed to ensure that the other outstanding Revolving Extensions of Credit shall be held by the Revolving Lenders on a comparable basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Section 2.23 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Revolving Percentages shall be determined without regard to any Defaulting Lender s Commitment. 
 Revolving Termination Date means the earlier of (i) September 1, 2026 and (ii) the date that is 91 days prior to the earliest maturity date of any Term Loans (or any Indebtedness that refinances or replaces the Term Loans). 
 RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, SONIA. 
 RFR Administrator means the SONIA Administrator. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 60 

RFR Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. 
 RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple RFR. 
 S&P has the meaning set forth in the definition of Cash Equivalents. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria ). 
 Sanctioned Person means at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state , or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority. 
 Sanctions Provision has the meaning set forth in Section 1.6. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto and any analogous Governmental Authority. 
 Secured Parties means the collective reference to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Swingline Lenders, the Issuing Lenders and any other Person to which Obligations are owed. 
 Secured Swap Obligations means Swap Obligations of any Loan Party owing to one or more Lenders or their respective Affiliates provided that no later than 10 days after (or such later date as agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) the time that any transaction relating to such Swap Obligation is executed (or, if later, the Closing Date) the Parent Borrower (other than for transactions with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its Affiliates and branch) and the Lender party thereto or its Affiliate or branches (other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) shall have delivered written notice to the Administrative Agent that such a transaction has been entered into and that it constitutes a Secured Swap Obligation entitled to the benefits of the Security Documents. 
 Securities Account has the meaning set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York, or with respect to Foreign Loan Parties, such comparable term as set forth in the applicable Security Documents. 
 61 

Security Documents means the collective reference to the US Security Documents, the Mortgages, the German Security Documents, the UK Security Documents and all other security documents hereafter delivered to the Administrative Agent granting a Lien on any property of any Person to secure the obligations and liabilities of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 Sellers has the meaning set forth in the definition of Acquisition Agreement. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s Website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily 
 Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 Solvent means when used with respect to any Person, means that, as of any date of determination, (a) the fair value of the assets of such Person, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities on its debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (c) such Person will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured, (d) such Person will not have an unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is conducted as of such date of determination and proposed to be conducted following such date, (e) with respect to any German Relevant Entity, such entity not being subject to a German Insolvency Event and (f) with respect to any UK Loan Party, such entity not being subject to a UK Insolvency Event provided that clauses (a) through (d) above shall not apply to a German Relevant Entity or a UK Loan Party. 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 Specified Accounts means the accounts set forth on Schedule 6.2(j)(iii). 
 62 

Specified Event of Default means any Event of Default under Section 8(a)(i), Section 8(a)(ii), Section 8(f) or Section 8(g). 
 Specified Representations means the representations and warranties of the Parent Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors set forth in Sections 4.3(a), (b), 4.4(a), 4.5 (solely with respect to organizational or governing documents), 4.11, 4.15, 4.20, 4.21(i) and 4.25. 
 Specified Restricted Debt Payment means any Restricted Debt Payment made pursuant to Section 7.8(a)(iv). 
 Specified Restricted Investment means any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment made pursuant to Section 7.7(h). 
 Specified Restricted Payment means any Restricted Payment made pursuant to Section 7.6(g). 
 Specified Restricted Transaction means each Specified Restricted Debt Payment, Specified Restricted Investment and Specified Restricted Payment that by the terms of this Agreement requires such test to be calculated under the Payment Conditions. 
 Specified Transaction means (a) each Specified Restricted Transaction and (b) otherwise, any Investment (including any Limited Condition Acquisition), disposition, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, Restricted Payment, Subsidiary designation, Incremental Term Loans that by the terms of this Agreement requires such test to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis provided that any increase in the Commitments (including, for this purpose, any Commitment in respect of any Incremental Term Loan) above the amount of Commitments in effect on the Closing Date, for purposes of this Specified Transaction definition, shall be deemed to be fully drawn provided , further, that, at Parent Borrower s election, any such Specified Transaction (other than a Restricted Payment) having an aggregate value of less than 5,000,000 shall not be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Term Benchmark Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of any Group Member that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness under the Term Loan Credit Agreement shall not be considered Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 Subsidiary means as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned directly or indirectly through one or more 
 63 

intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means a Domestic Guarantor or a Foreign Guarantor that is a Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 Supermajority Lenders means at any time, the holders of more than 66 2 3 of (a) until the Closing Date, the Commitments then in effect and (b) thereafter, the Total Commitments then in effect or, if the Commitments have been terminated, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. 
 Swap means any agreement, contract, or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Parent Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement . 
 Swap Obligation means with respect to any Person, any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Swap Agreements, and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction. 
 Swingline Commitment means the ability of the Swingline Lender, in its discretion, to make Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.6 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed 100,000,000. 
 Swingline Exposure means at any time, the sum of the aggregate amount of all outstanding Swingline Loans at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Revolving Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time related to Swingline Loans other than any Swingline Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as a Swingline Lender and (b) if such Lender shall be a Swingline Lender, the principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender outstanding at such time (to the extent that the other Revolving Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans). 
 Swingline Lender means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans. 
 Swingline Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(a). 
 Swingline Participation Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(c). 
 Syndication Agent means the Syndication Agent identified on the cover page of this 
 Agreement. 
 64 

Target means Erwin Hymer Group SE, a European stock corporation (Societas Europaea, SE) under the laws of the European Union. 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate. 
 Ter m SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term Loan Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent under the Term Loan Documents, and its successors and assigns. 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement means the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Parent Borrower, the lenders and agents party thereto and the Term Loan Administrative Agent. 
 Term Loan Documents means collectively (a) the Term Loan Credit Agreement, (b) the Term Loan Security Documents, (c) the Intercreditor Agreement, (d) any promissory note evidencing loans under the Term Loan Credit Agreement and (e) any amendment, waiver, supplement or other modification to any of the documents described in clauses (a) through (d). 
 Term Loan Security Documents means the collective reference to the Guarantee Agreement (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement), the Security Agreement (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement), the Mortgages (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) and all other security documents delivered to the Term Loan Administrative Agent granting a Lien on any property of any Person to secure the obligations and liabilities of any Loan Party under any Term Loan Document. 
 Term Loan Obligations Payment Date has the meaning set forth in the Intercreditor 
 Agreement. 
 Term Loan Priority Collateral has the meaning set forth in the Intercreditor 
 Agreement. 
 Term Loan Representative has the meaning set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Term Loans means loans outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 65 

Term SOFR Rate means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day , with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Parent Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.16 that is not Term SOFR. 
 Total Commitments means at any time, the aggregate amount of the Commitments then in effect. 
 Total Revolving Extensions of Credit means at any time, the Dollar Equivalent aggregate amount of the Revolving Extensions of Credit of the Revolving Lenders outstanding at such time. 
 Transaction Costs means (a) the purchase price in connection with the Acquisition, (b) the fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions and (c) the consummation of the Existing Indebtedness Refinancing. 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the Acquisition, (b) the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties of this Agreement, the borrowing of Loans hereunder and the use of proceeds thereof, (c) the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties of the Term Loan Credit Agreement, the borrowing of Term Loans thereunder and the use of proceeds thereof and (d) the Existing Indebtedness Refinancing. 
 Transferee means any Assignee or Participant. 
 Treaty means the treaty establishing the European Economic Community, being the 
 66 

Treaty of Rome of March 25, 1957, as amended by the Single European Act 1987, the Maastricht Treaty (which was signed at Maastricht on February 7, 1992 and came into force on November 1, 1993), the Amsterdam Treaty (which was signed at Amsterdam on October 2, 1997 and came into force on May 1, 1999) and the Nice Treaty (which was signed on February 26, 2001), each as amended from time to time and as referred to in legislative measures of the European Union for the introduction of, changeover to or operating of the euro in one or more member states. 
 Type when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the ABR, the Overnight Rate or , the Daily Simple RFR or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR . 
 UK Borrower has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. UK Borrowing Base means at any time, the sum of 
 (a) 85 of the UK Borrower s Eligible Accounts at such time, plus 
 (b) the lesser of (i) 75 of the UK Borrower s Eligible Inventory (valued at the lower of cost (determined, with respect to any Eligible Inventory of the UK Borrower, on a first-in-first-out basis) and market) and (ii) the product of (x) 85 (which percentage will be increased to 87.5 from January (starting with the first day of such month) to March (ending with the last day of such month) of each fiscal year provided that, each fiscal year, the Parent Borrower may elect with respect to such fiscal year, with at least 15 days written notice to the Administrative Agent prior to the start of the three consecutive month period for such fiscal year (or in the event the start of such three consecutive month period is being pushed back and would occur after January at least 15 days prior to the first day of January), a different period of three consecutive months (starting with the first day of the applicable first month and ending on the last day of the applicable last month) be utilized for purposes of this clause (ii) so long as such different period occurs between December to April provided , further , that no more than one such three consecutive month period may occur in any fiscal year) multiplied by (y) the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent Inventory appraisal of the UK Borrower ordered by the Administrative Agent multiplied by (z) the UK Borrower s Eligible Inventory valued at the lower of cost (determined, with respect to any Eligible Inventory the UK Borrower, on a first-in-first-out basis) or market, minus 
 (c) Reserves (if any, and without duplication) 
 provided that (i) in determining the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage with respect to Inventory, the Administrative Agent may determine such percentage on a blended, product-line or other basis as it determines in its Permitted Discretion and (ii) no more than 70 of the Eligible Accounts and 35 of the Eligible Inventory of the UK Borrower shall be included in the UK Borrowing Base until an Acceptable Inventory Appraisal has been delivered to the Administrative Agent and an Acceptable Field Examination has been completed provided that until the earlier of (x) the date that is 120 days after the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) and (y) the first date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received an Acceptable Inventory Appraisal and an Acceptable Field Examination shall have been completed, the Eligible Accounts and Eligible Inventory of the UK Borrower shall be included in the UK Borrowing Base in the following manner (A) the advance rate set forth in clause (a) shall be 70 and (B) in lieu of including Eligible Inventory of the UK Borrower in the UK Borrowing Base in accordance with clause (a) above, the UK Borrowing Base shall include 35 multiplied by the sum of the UK Borrower s Eligible Inventory valued at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in, first-out basis) or market provided , further that, notwithstanding the above, the UK Borrowing Base shall be zero until such time as the UK Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent all applicable UK Security Documents (and related 
 67 

evidence and other documentation) to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 5.1(n). 
 The Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion reduce the advance rates set forth above or adjust Reserves or reduce one or more of the other elements used in computing the UK Borrowing Base, with any such changes to be effective three days after delivery of notice thereof to the Parent Borrower and the Lenders provided that if consultation with the UK Borrower and or notice to the UK Borrower and the Lenders is not practicable or if failure to implement any such change within a shorter time period would, in the good faith judgment of the Administrative Agent, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the Collateral or the rights of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, such change may be implemented within a shorter time as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. The UK Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent (and detailing the UK Borrowing Base), pursuant to Section 5.1(r) or 6.2(f) of this Agreement. 
 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Insolvency Event means (a) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other formal legal procedure or step is taken in relation to 
 (i) the suspension of payments generally, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any UK Loan Party by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties 
 (ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of any UK Loan Party by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties 
 (iii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of (A) any UK Loan Party or (B) any of a UK Loan Party s assets included in the UK Borrowing Base or (C) any of its other assets to the extent such appointment would materially impact any of the Credit Parties rights to any asset included in the UK Borrowing Base or 
 (iv) the enforcement of any security interest over (A) any assets of any UK Loan Party which are included in the UK Borrowing Base or (B) any of its other assets to the extent such enforcement would materially impact any of the Credit Parties rights to any asset included in the UK Borrowing Base 
 (v) or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction provided that paragraph (a) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 21 days of commencement or 
 68 

(b) any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of a UK Loan Party and is not discharged within 21 days 
 (c) any UK Loan Party is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due (or is deemed to or declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law), suspends or threatens to suspend making payments on any of its debts (as part of a general suspension of debts) or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors (excluding any Secured Party in its capacity as such) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness in an aggregate amount in excess of 100,000,000 
 (d) the value of the assets of any UK Loan Party is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities) 
 (e) a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any UK Loan Party. If a moratorium occurs, the ending of such moratorium will not remedy any Event of Default caused by that moratorium. 
 UK Loan Party means the UK Borrower and each other Loan Party that is organized under the laws of England and Wales. 
 UK Qualifying Lender means a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Loan Document or a Letter of Credit and is (a) a Lender (i) which is a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the Income Tax Act 2007) making an advance under a Loan Document or a Letter of Credit and is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or would be within such charge as respects such payment apart from section 18A of the Corporation Tax Act 2009 or (ii) in respect of an advance made under a Loan Document or a Letter of Credit by a person that was a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the Income Tax Act 2007) at the time that that advance was made and within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or (b) a UK Treaty Lender or (c) a Lender which is (1) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes (2) a partnership each member of which is (i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or (ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009 or (3) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009) of that company or (d) a Lender which is a building society (as defined for the purpose of section 880 of the Income Tax Act 2007) making an advance under a Loan Document or Letter of Credit. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 UK Security Agreement means the security agreement governed by the laws of England and Wales, substantially in the form of Exhibit B-3, or such other form as the Administrative Agent may approve. 
 69 

UK Security Document means the UK Security Agreement and each charge, assignment or other agreement that is entered into by any UK Loan Party in favor of the Administrative Agent, and any other charge, assignment other agreement entered into by a Loan Party granting a security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent that is governed by the laws of England and Wales, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 UK Treaty Lender means a Lender which 
 (a) is treated as a resident of a UK Treaty State for the purposes of the UK Treaty 
 (b) does not carry on a business in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment with which that Lender's participation in the Loan or Letter of Credit is effectively connected or, for the purposes of the UK Treaty with the United States to which interest arising from that Lender's participation in the Loan or Letter of Credit is attributable and 
 (c) fulfils any other conditions which must be fulfilled under the applicable UK Treaty by residents of that UK Treaty State in order for such residents to obtain full exemption from taxation imposed by the United Kingdom on interest, except that for this purpose, it shall be assumed that there is no special relationship between the relevant Borrower and the relevant Lender or between both of them and another person and that the following are satisfied (i) any condition in the applicable UK Treaty which relates to the amount or terms of any Loan or the terms of any Loan Document or Letter of Credit being on arm s length terms and (ii) any necessary procedural formalities. 
 UK Treaty State means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a UK Treaty with the United Kingdom which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed by the United Kingdom on interest. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 United Kingdom means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
 United States means the United States of America. 
 Unrestricted Cash means unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents owned by any Group Member and not controlled by or subject to any Lien or other preferential arrangement in favor of any creditor (other than Liens created under the Security Documents or the Term Loan Security Documents and Liens of the type referred to in Section 7.3(u) or Section 7.3(x)). 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Parent Borrower pursuant to Section 6.11 on or subsequent to the Closing Date and (b) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 US Borrowers has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 US Borrowing Base means at any time, the sum of 
 (a) 85 of each wholly owned Domestic Loan Party s Eligible Accounts at such 
 time, plus 
 70 

(b) the lesser of (i) 75 of each wholly owned Domestic Loan Party s Eligible Inventory (valued at the lower of cost (determined, with respect to any Eligible Inventory of the wholly owned Domestic Loan Parties, on a first-in-first-out basis) or market) and (ii) the product of (x) 85 (which percentage will be increased to 87.5 from January (starting with the first day of such month) to March (ending with the last day of such month) of each fiscal year provided that, each fiscal year, the Parent Borrower may elect with respect to such fiscal year, with at least 15 days written notice to the Administrative Agent prior to the start of the three consecutive month period for such fiscal year (or in the event the start of such three consecutive month period is being pushed back and would occur after January at least 15 days prior to the first day of January), a different period of three consecutive months (starting with the first day of the applicable first month and ending on the last day of the applicable last month) be utilized for purposes of this clause (ii) so long as such different period occurs between December to April provided , further , that no more than one such three consecutive month period may occur in any fiscal year) multiplied by (y) the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent Inventory appraisal of the wholly owned Domestic Loan Parties ordered by the Administrative Agent multiplied by (z) the wholly owned Domestic Loan Parties Eligible Inventory valued at the lower of cost (determined, with respect to any Eligible Inventory of the wholly owned Domestic Loan Parties, on a first-in-first-out basis) or market, minus 
 (c) Reserves (if any, and without duplication) 
 provided that (i) in determining the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage with respect to Inventory, the Administrative Agent may determine such percentage on a blended, product-line or other basis as it determines in its Permitted Discretion and (ii) no more than 70 of the Eligible Accounts and 35 of the Eligible Inventory of the Target and its Subsidiaries constituting Domestic Loan Parties (if any) shall be included in the US Borrowing Base until an Acceptable Inventory Appraisal has been delivered to the Administrative Agent and an Acceptable Field Examination has been completed. 
 The Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion reduce the advance rates set forth above or adjust Reserves or reduce one or more of the other elements used in computing the US Borrowing Base, with any such changes to be effective three days after delivery of notice thereof to the US Borrowers and the Lenders provided that if consultation with the applicable Borrower and or notice to the applicable Borrower and the Lenders is not practicable or if failure to implement any such change within a shorter time period would, in the good faith judgment of the Administrative Agent, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the Collateral or the rights of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, such change may be implemented within a shorter time as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. The US Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.1(r) or 6.2(f) of this Agreement. 
 US Co-Borrowers has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 US Obligations means Obligations of the Domestic Loan Parties. 
 US Revolving Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a). 
 71 

US Security Agreement means the ABL Collateral Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1, or such other form as the Administrative Agent may approve. 
 US Security Documents means the collective reference to the US Security Agreement, the Mortgages and all other security documents hereafter delivered to the Administrative Agent granting a Lien on any property of the US Loan Parties to secure the obligations and liabilities of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(f)(ii)(B)(3). VAT means 
 (a) any value added tax imposed by the Value Added Tax Act 1994 and supplemental legislation and regulations 
 (b) any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006 112) and 
 (c) any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, or imposed elsewhere. 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary means as to any Person, any other Person all of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares required by law) is owned by such Person directly and or through other Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. 
 Withdrawal Liability means any liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are used in sections 4203 and 4205, respectively, of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions . (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. 
 (b) As used herein and in the other Loan Documents, and any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, (i) accounting terms relating to any Group Member not defined in Section 1.1 and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.1, to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP provided that all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to (x) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or 
 72 

effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrowers or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (y) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof), (ii) the words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation , (iii) the word incur shall be construed to mean incur, create, issue, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist (and the words incurred and incurrence shall have correlative meanings), (iv) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, Capital Stock, securities, revenues, accounts, leasehold interests and contract rights, and (v) references to agreements or other Contractual Obligations shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements or Contractual Obligations as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 (c) The words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
 (d) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. 
 1.3 Conversion of Foreign Currencies . 
 (a) Consolidated Total Debt . Consolidated Total Debt (and metrics including in Consolidated Fixed Charges) denominated in any currency other than Dollars shall be calculated using the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of the date of the financial statements on which such amounts are reflected. 
 (b) Dollar Equivalents . Without limiting the other terms of this Agreement, the calculations and determinations under this Agreement of any amount in any currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to refer to the Dollar Equivalent thereof, as the case may be. The Administrative Agent shall determine the Dollar Equivalent of any amount in respect of extensions of credit hereunder in accordance with the terms of the definition of Revaluation Date, and a determination thereof by the Administrative Agent shall be presumptively correct absent manifest error. The Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, rely on any determination made by any Credit Party in any document delivered to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) for purposes of Section 7 and the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio or financial test for purposes of taking any action hereunder, on any relevant date of determination, amounts denominated in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 6.1(a) or (b), as applicable, for the relevant fiscal period and(ii) all Borrowing Base Certificates and related calculations delivered under this Agreement shall express such calculations or determinations in Dollars, as applicable based on a currency exchange rate used in preparing the applicable financial statements or financial reporting for the period applicable to such Borrowing Base Certificates. 
 73 

(c) Rounding Off . The Administrative Agent may set up appropriate rounding-off mechanisms or otherwise round off amounts hereunder to the nearest higher or lower amount in whole Dollars or cents to ensure amounts owing by any party hereunder or that otherwise need to be calculated or converted hereunder are expressed in whole Dollars or in whole cents, as may be necessary or appropriate. 
 (d) Available Currency Letters of Credit . With respect to each Letter of Credit denominated in an Available Currency 
 (i) the Administrative Agent shall determine the Dollar Equivalent of the L C Obligations with respect to such Letter of Credit denominated in an Available Currency. Such Dollar Equivalent amounts shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent amounts employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur. For purposes of the Loan Documents, the amount of each Letter of Credit issued in an Available Currency shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) wherever in this Agreement in connection with the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Letter of Credit is denominated in an Available Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Dollar Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Available Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Indebtedness . For purposes of determining compliance with any Dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar Equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed or first incurred (whichever yields the lower Dollar Equivalent), in the case of revolving credit debt provided that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance, replace, renew or refund other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing, replacement, renewal or refunding would cause the applicable Dollar denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, replacement, renewal or refunding, such Dollar-denominated restriction will be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing, replacement, renewal or refunding Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced, replaced, renewed or refunded (plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, original issue discount, defeasance costs, fees, commissions and expenses in connection therewith). 
 1.4 Certain Calculations and Tests. 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Loan Document to the contrary, in connection with a Specified Transaction undertaken in connection with the consummation of a Limited Condition Acquisition, when 
 (i) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires the calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio or the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 
 74 

(ii) determining compliance with representations, warranties, Defaults or Events of Default and 
 (iii) testing availability under baskets set forth in this Agreement (including baskets measured as a percentage of Consolidated Total Assets) 
 the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder shall, at the option of Parent Borrower (Parent Borrower s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Acquisition, an LCA Election ), be deemed to be the date the binding documentation for such Limited Condition Acquisition are entered into (the LCA Test Date and if, after such ratios and other provisions are measured on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Limited Condition Acquisition and the other Specified Transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they occurred at the beginning of the four consecutive fiscal quarter period being used to calculate such financial ratio ending prior to the LCA Test Date, Parent Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCA Test Date in compliance with such ratios and provisions, such provisions shall be deemed to have been complied with. For the avoidance of doubt, (A) if any of such ratios are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in such ratio (including due to fluctuations in Consolidated EBITDA of Parent Borrower) at or prior to the consummation of the relevant Limited Condition Acquisition, such ratios and other provisions will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations solely for purposes of determining whether the Limited Condition Acquisition is permitted hereunder and (B) such ratios and other provisions shall not be tested at the time of consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition or related Specified Transactions. If Parent Borrower has made an LCA Election for any Limited Condition Acquisition, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or basket availability with respect to any other Specified Transaction on or following the relevant LCA Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition, any such ratio or basket shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 1.4 shall not apply to the making of Loans or issuance of Letters of Credit under this Agreement, which will be governed by the conditions otherwise set forth herein applicable thereto. 
 1.5 Interest Rates LIBOR Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars or an Available Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued, and or the basis on which they are calculated may change. The London interbank offered rate LIBOR is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA publicly announced that (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, publication of all seven euro LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month British Pound Sterling LIBOR settings and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease immediately after June 30, 2023, publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease immediately after December 31, 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month British Pound Sterling LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to consultation by the FCA, be provided on a changed methodology (or synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored and immediately after June 30, 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6- 
 75 

month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to the FCA s consideration of the case, be provided on a synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. There is no assurance that dates announced by the FCA will not change or that the administrator of LIBOR and or regulators will not take further action that could impact the availability, composition, or characteristics of LIBOR or the currencies and or tenors for which LIBOR is published. Each party to this agreement should consult its own advisors to stay informed of any such developments. Public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of LIBOR. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, Sections 2.16(b and (c provide a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Parent Borrower, pursuant to Section 2.16(e), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Term Benchmark Loan is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to the Daily Simple RFR, LIBOR Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or other rates in the definition of LIBO Rate (or EURIBOR Rate or Overnight Rate or any interest rate used in this Agreement, with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.16(b) or (c), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.16(d)), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the Daily Simple RFR, the Overnight Rate, the LIBO Term SOFR Rate (or the EURIBOR Rate or the Overnight Rate) or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate (or the euro interbank offered rate or the Tokyo interbank offered rate, as applicable) then-current Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any Daily Simple RFR, interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Parent Borrower) to ascertain any RFR, Daily Simple RFR, Overnight Rate or Term Benchmark Rate, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 1.6 Compliance with Anti-Boycott Laws. Each Lender may choose that any provision in this Agreement relating to the terms Sanctioned Country, Sanctioned Person, or Sanctions including Sections 3.1, 4.25, 6.4, 7.17 and 7.20 (each hereinafter Sanctions Provision shall not be applicable to its benefit as far as the application of any Sanctions Provision would result in such Lender or any of its directors or employees being in violation of, conflict with, or having liability under Section 7 German Foreign Trade Ordinance Au enwirtschaftsverordnung ), Council Regulation (EC) No. 2271 96 or any other similar applicable anti-boycott laws (hereinafter Anti-Boycott-Laws ). Each Lender which chooses such compliance with Anti-Boycott-Laws (each hereinafter Restricted Lender has to notify the Administrative Agent to this effect (who in turn shall inform the Parent Borrower). 
 
 76 

SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 
 
 2.1 Commitments . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions herein, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to make revolving credit loans in Available Currencies (other than Canadian Dollars) US Revolving Loans to the applicable US Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Commitment Period in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding which would not result in either (i) the Revolving Loans of such Lender when added (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.6(b)) to the sum of (x) such Lender s Revolving Percentage of the L C Obligations then outstanding, (y) such Lender s Swingline Exposure then outstanding and (z) such Lender s Protective Advance Exposure then outstanding, exceeding the amount of such Lender s Commitment or (ii) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit exceeding the Line Cap, or (iii) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit to the US Borrowers exceeding the US Borrowing Base (after deducting Revolving Extensions of Credit made to or for the account of any other Borrowers which have been attributed to the US Borrowing Base), subject to the authority of the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, to make Protective Advances pursuant to the terms of Section 2.3. During the Revolving Commitment Period the US Borrowers may use the Commitments by borrowing, prepaying the Revolving Loans in whole or in part, and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. The US Revolving Loans may from time to time be comprised (A) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans or Term Benchmark Loans or, only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, Daily Simple SOFR Loans) and (B) in the case of Borrowings denominated in any other Available Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Available Currency, as determined by the applicable US Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.2 and 2.12. 
 (b) Subject to the terms and conditions herein, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to make revolving credit loans in Available Currencies (other than Canadian Dollars) European Revolving Loans , and together with US Revolving Loans, collectively, Revolving Loans to the European Co-Borrowers from time to time during the Revolving Commitment Period in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding which would not result in 
 (i) the Revolving Loans of such Lender when added (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.6(b)) to the sum of (x) such Lender s Revolving Percentage of the L C Obligations then outstanding, (y) such Lender s Swingline Exposure then outstanding and (z) such Lender s Protective Advance Exposure then outstanding, exceeding the amount of such Lender s Commitment 
 (ii) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit exceeding the Line Cap 
 (iii) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit made to the European Co-Borrowers exceeding the European Sub-Limit 
 (iv) Total Revolving Extensions of Credit made to any German Borrower exceeding the sum of (A) such German Borrower s German Borrowing Base, (B) the US Borrowing Base (after deducting Revolving Extensions of Credit made to or for the account of any other Borrowers utilizing the US Borrowing Base) and (C) the UK Borrowing Base (after deducting Revolving Extensions of Credit made to or for the account of any other Borrowers utilizing the UK Borrowing Base), it being understood Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH may not utilize the UK Borrowing Base or 
 (v) Total Revolving Extensions of Credit made to the UK Borrower exceeding the sum of (A) the UK Borrowing Base (after deducting Revolving Extensions of 
 77 

Credit made to or for the account of any other Borrowers utilizing the UK Borrowing Base) and (B) the US Borrowing Base (after deducting Revolving Extensions of Credit made to or for the account of the other Borrowers utilizing the US Borrowing Base) 
 (clauses (i) through (v) above, collectively, the Foreign Borrowing Limits subject to, in each case, the authority of the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, to make Protective Advances pursuant to the terms of Section 2.3. During the Revolving Commitment Period, the European Co-Borrowers may use the Commitment by borrowing, prepaying the Revolving Loans in whole or in part, and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. The European Revolving Loans may from time to time be comprised (A) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans (or, only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing) and (B) in the case of Borrowings denominated in any other Available Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Available Currency, as determined by the applicable Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.2. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.1(a) and (b) above, the Borrowers shall not be permitted to borrow Revolving Loans on the Closing Date that will be used to fund Transaction Costs in excess of the Dollar Equivalent of 200,000,000 in the aggregate. 
 (d) The Borrowers shall repay all outstanding Revolving Loans on the Revolving Termination Date. 
 (e) It is agreed after giving effect to any Loans made, and any Letters of Credit issued, on the Closing Date, the Parent Borrower shall be in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 7.18. 
 2.2 Procedure for Revolving Loan Borrowing . 
 (a) Each Borrower may borrow under the Commitments during the Revolving Commitment Period on any Business Day, provided that such Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice by submitting a Borrowing Request (which Borrowing Request must be received by the Administrative Agent (y) prior to 12 00 Noon, Local 11 00 a.m., New York Cit y T t ime (a) three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans or (b) one Business Day prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans or , z c prior to 11 00 a.m., Local Time five Business Day prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of RFR Loans or (d) only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, in the case of a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing ( provided that any such Borrowing Request of Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans to finance payments required by Section 2.6(b), 3.5 or ABR Loans on the Closing Date may be given not later than 10 00 A.M., New York City time, on the date of the proposed borrowing), specifying (i) the amount, currency and Type of Revolving Loans to be borrowed, (ii) the requested Borrowing Date and (iii) in the case of Term Benchmark Loans or, only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing , the respective amounts of each such Type of Loan and the respective lengths of the initial Interest Period therefor. Each borrowing under the Commitments shall be in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of (x) in the case of ABR Loans, 1,000,000, or a whole multiple thereof (or, if the then aggregate Available Commitments are less than 1,000,000, such lesser amount) and (y) in the case of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, 5,000,000, 5,000,000, 5,000,000 (or in the case of other Alternative Currencies, such amount as agreed by the Administrative Agent), as applicable, or a whole multiple of 1,000,000, 1,000,000, 1,000,000 (or in the case of other Alternative Currencies, such amount as agreed by the Administrative Agent) in excess thereof provided , that the Swingline Lender may request, on behalf of such Borrower, borrowings under the Commitments that are ABR Loans in other amounts pursuant to Section 2.7. Upon 
 78 

receipt of any Borrowing Request from the applicable Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender thereof. Each Revolving Lender will make the amount of its pro rata share of each borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Borrower at the applicable Funding Office prior to 12 00 Noon, Local 11 00 a.m., New York City T t ime, on the Borrowing Date requested by such Borrower in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent. Such borrowing will then be made available to the applicable Borrower by the Administrative Agent crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of such office with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Revolving Lenders and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 2.3 Protective Advances . (a) Subject to the limitations set forth below, the Administrative Agent is authorized by the Borrowers and the Lenders, from time to time in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion (but shall have absolutely no obligation to), to make Loans to the applicable Borrower, on behalf of all Lenders, which the Administrative Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary or desirable (i) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (ii) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Loans and other Obligations, or (iii) to pay any other amount chargeable to or required to be paid by such Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including payments of reimbursable expenses (including costs, fees, and expenses as described in Section 10.5) and other sums payable under the Loan Documents (any of such Loans are herein referred to as Protective Advances provided that, as of the date of the making of any Protective Advance, the aggregate amount of outstanding Protective Advances shall not exceed 10 of the Commitments outstanding as of such date provided , further, that the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit outstanding any time shall not exceed the Total Commitments. Protective Advances may be made even if the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.2 have not been satisfied. The Protective Advances shall be secured by the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent in and to the Collateral and shall constitute Obligations hereunder. All Protective Advances shall be (i), in the case of Protective Advances to a US Borrower, made in Dollars as ABR Loans and (ii), in the case of Protective Advances to a European Co-Borrower made in Dollars, Euros and Pounds Sterling, as Overnight Loans. The Administrative Agent s authorization to make Protective Advances may be revoked at any time by the Required Lenders. Any such revocation must be in writing and shall become effective prospectively upon the Administrative Agent s receipt thereof. At any time (a) the amount equal to the Line Cap minus (ii) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Revolving Percentage of all outstanding Revolving Loans) exceeds the amount of any Protective Advance and (b) the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.2 have been satisfied, the Administrative Agent may request the Revolving Lenders to make a Revolving Loan to repay a Protective Advance. At any other time the Administrative Agent may require the Lenders to fund their risk participations described in Section 2.3(b). 
 (b) Upon the making of a Protective Advance by the Administrative Agent (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default), each Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Administrative Agent, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Protective Advance in proportion to its Revolving Percentage. From and after the date, if any, on which any Lender is required to fund its participation in any Protective Advance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Lender such Lender s Revolving Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Protective Advance (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such 
 79 

Lender s participating interest was outstanding and funded and, in the case of principal and interest payments, to reflect such Lender s pro rata portion of such payment if such payment is not sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on all Protective Advances then due). 
 2.4 Reserved . 
 2.5 Reserved . 
 2.6 Swingline . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, from time to time during the Revolving Commitment Period, the Swingline Lender, may, in its sole discretion, make a portion of the credit otherwise available to the applicable Borrower under the Commitments by making swing line loans Swingline Loans to such Borrower provided that (in each case, with respect to the Dollar Equivalent thereof) (i) the sum of (w) the Swingline Exposure of the Swingline Lender (in its capacity as the Swingline Lender and a Revolving Lender), (x) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Revolving Loans made by the Swingline Lender (in its capacity as a Revolving Lender), (y) the L C Exposure of the Swingline Lender (in its capacity as a Revolving Lender) and (z) the Protective Advance Exposure of the Swingline Lender (in its capacity as a Revolving Lender) shall not exceed its Commitment then in effect, (ii) the sum of the outstanding Swingline Loans shall not exceed the Swingline Commitment, (iii) the sum of the outstanding Swingline Loans made to European Co-Borrowers shall not exceed the European Swingline Sub-Limit and (iv) the applicable Borrower shall not request, and the Swingline Lender shall not make, any Swingline Loan if, after giving effect to the making of such Swingline Loan, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit will exceed the Line Cap or the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit to the US Borrowers would exceed the US Borrowing Base (after deducting Revolving Extensions of Credit made to or for the account of any other Borrowers which have been attributed to the US Borrowing Base) or the Foreign Borrowing Limits would be exceeded, subject to the authority of the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, to make Protective Advances pursuant to the terms of Section 2.3. During the Revolving Commitment Period, the applicable Borrower may use the Swingline Commitment by borrowing, repaying and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. Swingline Loans to the US Borrowers shall be in Dollars and be ABR Loans only. Swingline Loans made to the European Co-Borrowers shall be in Dollars, Euros or Pounds Sterling and be Overnight Loans only. 
 (b) The applicable Borrower shall repay to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Revolving Termination Date and five Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made provided that on each date that a Revolving Loan is borrowed, such Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding to such Borrower and the proceeds of any such Revolving Loans made to such Borrower shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding to such Borrower. 
 2.7 Procedure for Swingline Borrowing Refunding of Swingline Loans. 
 (a) Whenever the applicable Borrower desires that the Swingline Lender make a Swingline Loan it shall give the Swingline Lender irrevocable notice by submitting a Borrowing Request (which Borrowing Request must be received by the Swingline Lender not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, on the proposed Borrowing Date), specifying (i) the currency and amount to be borrowed and (ii) the requested Borrowing Date (which shall be a Business Day during the Revolving Commitment Period). Each borrowing under the Swingline Commitment shall be in an amount equal to 500,000, 500,000, 500,000, as applicable, or a whole multiple of 100,000, 100,000 or 100,000, respectively, in excess thereof. Not later than 3 00 P.M., Local Time, on the Borrowing Date specified in the Borrowing Request in respect of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender shall, if it has agreed in its discretion to make such Swingline Loan, make available to the Administrative Agent at the relevant Funding Office an amount in immediately available funds equal to the amount of the Swingline Loan to be made by the Swingline 
 80 

Lender. The Administrative Agent shall make the proceeds of such Swingline Loan available to the applicable Borrower on such Borrowing Date by depositing such proceeds in the account designated by such Borrower on such Borrowing Date in immediately available funds. 
 (b) The Swingline Lender, at any time and from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion may, on behalf of each Borrower (each of which hereby irrevocably direct the Swingline Lender to act on its behalf), on one Business Day s notice given by the Swingline Lender no later than , 12 00 Noon, Local Time, request each Revolving Lender to make, and each Revolving Lender hereby agrees to make, a Revolving Loan, in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Revolving Percentage of the aggregate amount of the Swingline Loans (the Refunded Swingline Loans outstanding on the date of such notice, to repay the Swingline Lender. Each Revolving Lender shall make the amount of such Revolving Loan available to the Administrative Agent at the relevant Funding Office in immediately available funds, not later than 10 00 A.M., Local Time, one Business Day after the date of such notice. The proceeds of such Revolving Loans shall be immediately made available by the Administrative Agent to the Swingline Lender for application by the Swingline Lender to the repayment of the Refunded Swingline Loans. Each Borrower irrevocably authorizes the Swingline Lender to charge such Borrower s accounts with the Administrative Agent (up to the amount available in each such account) in order to immediately pay the amount of such Refunded Swingline Loans made to such Borrower to the extent amounts received from the Revolving Lenders are not sufficient to repay in full such Refunded Swingline Loans. Each Refunded Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan, provided that in the case of the European Co-Borrowers, such Refunded Swingline Loan shall instead be a Term Benchmark Loan with an Interest Period of 1 month or a RFR Loan, as applicable. 
 (c) If prior to the time a Revolving Loan would have otherwise been made pursuant to Section 2.7(b), one of the events described in Section 8(f) or (g) shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to any Borrower or if for any other reason, as determined by the Swingline Lender in its sole discretion, Revolving Loans may not be made as contemplated by Section 2.7(b), each Revolving Lender shall, on the date such Revolving Loan was to have been made pursuant to the notice referred to in Section 2.7(b), purchase for cash an undivided participating interest in the then outstanding Swingline Loans by paying to the Swingline Lender an amount (the Swingline Participation Amount equal to (i) such Revolving Lender s Revolving Percentage times (ii) the sum of the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding that were to have been repaid with such Revolving Loans. 
 (d) Whenever, at any time after the Swingline Lender has received from any Revolving Lender such Lender s Swingline Participation Amount, the Swingline Lender receives any payment on account of the Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender will distribute to such Lender its ratable portion of such payment (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s participating interest was outstanding and funded and, in the case of principal and interest payments, to reflect such Lender s pro rata portion of such payment if such payment is not sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on all Swingline Loans then due) provided , however, that in the event that such payment received by the Swingline Lender is required to be returned, such Revolving Lender will return to the Swingline Lender any portion thereof previously distributed to it by the Swingline Lender. 
 (e) Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make the Loans referred to in Section 2.7(b) and to purchase participating interests pursuant to Section 2.7(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Revolving Lender or any Borrower may have against the Swingline Lender, any Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Section 5, (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the applicable 
 81 

Borrower, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by the applicable Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Revolving Lender or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
 2.8 Fees, etc. (a) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a commitment fee for the period from and including the Closing Date to the last day of the Revolving Commitment Period, computed at the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily amount of the Available Commitment of such Lender during the period for which payment is made, payable quarterly in arrears on each Fee Payment Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date. 
 (b) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent the fees in the amounts and on the dates as set forth in any fee agreements with the Administrative Agent and to perform any other obligations contained therein. 
 2.9 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . Each Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Commitments or, from time to time, to reduce the amount of the Commitments provided that no such termination or reduction of Commitments shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any prepayments of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans made on the effective date thereof, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit would exceed the Line Cap, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit to the US Borrowers would exceed the US Borrowing Base (after deducting Revolving Extensions of Credit made to or for the account of any other Borrowers which have been attributed to the US Borrowing Base) or the Foreign Borrowing Limits would be exceeded. Any such reduction shall be in an amount not less than 2,500,000, or a whole multiple thereof, and shall reduce permanently the Commitments then in effect. 
 2.10 Optional Prepayments . Each Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay the Loans, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, upon irrevocable notice delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than 12 00 Noon, Local Time , three Business Days prior thereto, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, no later than 12 00 Noon, Local Time, in the case of RFR Loans, no later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, five Business Day prior thereto, and one Business Day prior thereto, in the case only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, in the case of a prepayment of a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, no later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of prepayment or in the case of ABR Loans, which notice shall specify the date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment is of Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans or ABR Loans provided , that if a Term Benchmark Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, such Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.20. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. If any such notice is given, the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with (except in the case of Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans and Swingline Loans) accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid. Partial prepayments of Revolving Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount equal to 1,000,000, 500,000, 500,000 (or in the case of other Alternative Available Currencies, such amount as agreed by the Administrative Agent), as applicable, or a whole multiple thereof. Partial prepayments of Swingline Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of not less than 100,000 or a whole multiple thereof. The application of any prepayment in relation to Loans of any US Borrower denominated in Dollars pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall be made first , to ABR Loans and second , to Term Benchmark Loans. 
 2.11 Prepayment of Loans . (a) In the event and on such occasion that (i) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit exceed the Total Commitments, (ii) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit (excluding for such purposes Protective Advances) exceed the Line Cap, (iii) the Total Revolving 
 82 

Extensions of Credit to the US Borrowers exceed the US Borrowing Base or (iv) any of the Foreign Borrowing Limits are exceeded, the applicable Borrowers shall promptly (and in any event within the notice period specified under Section 2.11(b) or in the event that such excess arises from the Administrative Agent exercising Permitted Discretion, then within five Business Days) prepay (or in the case of L C Exposure, cash collateralize) the Revolving Loans, L C Exposure, Swingline Loans and or (in the case of clause (i) above) the Protective Advances in an aggregate amount equal to such excess (it being understood that the Borrowers shall prepay Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and or Protective Advances prior to cash collateralization of L C Exposure). 
 (b) Any prepayment of Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(a) shall be made upon notice (which shall be irrevocable unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent) delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than 11 00 A.M., Local Time, three Business Days prior thereto, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, no later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, five Business Day prior thereto, in the case of RFR Loans and no later than 11 00 A.M., New York City time, one Business Day prior thereto, in the case of ABR Loans, which notice shall specify the date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment is of Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans or ABR Loans provided that if a Term Benchmark Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the applicable Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.20. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. If any such notice is given, the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with (except in the case of Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans and Swingline Loans) accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid The application of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.11 in relation to Loans of any US Borrower denominated in Dollars shall be made first, to ABR Loans and second, to Term Benchmark Loans. 
 (c) On each Business Day during any Full Cash Dominion Period, the Administrative Agent shall apply, subject to Section 2.17(b), all funds credited to any applicable Collection Account as of 10 00 A.M., Local Time, on such Business Day (whether or not immediately available) first to prepay any Protective Advances that may be outstanding, second to prepay the Swingline Loans and third to prepay other Revolving Loans (without a corresponding reduction in Commitments). In the event and to the extent that any Obligations, Protective Advances or Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) remain unpaid (the Payment Requirements following such application as a result of a mismatch between the currencies of the amounts in the Collection Accounts and the currencies in which the outstanding Payment Requirements are denominated, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested the Administrative Agent to convert any excess funds remaining in the Collection Accounts to the currency or currencies of the outstanding Payment Requirements and apply such converted amounts to such outstanding Payment Requirements. 
 2.12 Conversion and Continuation Options . (a) Each Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Term Benchmark Loans advanced to any US Borrower denominated in Dollars to ABR Loans by giving the Administrative Agent prior irrevocable notice of such election by submitting an Interest Election Request no later than 12 00 Noon, New York City time, on the Business Day preceding the proposed conversion date, provided that any such conversion of Term Benchmark Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Each US Borrower may elect from time to time to convert ABR Loans to Term Benchmark Loans by giving the Administrative Agent prior irrevocable notice of such election by submitting an Interest Election Request no later than 12 00 Noon, New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding the proposed conversion date (which Interest Election Request shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period therefor), provided that no ABR Loan may be converted into a Term Benchmark Loan when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole 
 83 

discretion not to permit such conversions. Upon receipt of any such Interest Election Request the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. 
 (b) Any Term Benchmark Loan may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the applicable Borrower giving irrevocable notice by submitting an Interest Election Request to the Administrative Agent, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the term Interest Period set forth in Section 1.1, of the length of the next Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans, provided that no Term Benchmark Loan may be continued as such (i) when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such continuations or (ii) if a Specified Event of Default with respect to any Borrower is in existence, and unless repaid, (y) each Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing (or in the case of the European Co-Borrowers a Loan bearing interest at the Alternate Rate) at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (z) each Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in an Available Currency (other than Dollars) shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency plus the Applicable Margin provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency (other than Dollars) cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Available Currency (other than Dollars) shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing (or in the case of the European Co-Borrowers a Loan bearing interest at the Alternate Rate) denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Available Currency) at the end of the Interest Period therefor or (B) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period, as applicable, in full provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above. If the applicable Borrower shall fail to give any required Interest Election Request as described above in this paragraph or if such continuation is not permitted pursuant to the preceding proviso such Loans, (x) if advanced to the US Borrowers and denominated in Dollars, shall be automatically converted to ABR Loans on the last day of such then expiring Interest Period and (y) if advanced to the European Co-Borrowers and denominated in Dollars, or, if not denominated in Dollars and advanced to any other Borrower, shall be automatically continued as Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period of one month. Upon receipt of any such Interest Election Request the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. 
 (c) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a RFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each RFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling plus the Applicable Margin for RFR Loans provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Pounds Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding RFR Loans shall either be (A) if borrowed by (I) a US Borrower, converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in US Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Available Currency) at the end of the Interest Period or on the Interest Payment Date, as applicable, therefor or (II) a European Co-Borrower, converted to a Loan denominated in Dollars bearing interest at the Alternate Rate (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Available Currency) at the end of the Interest Period or on the Interest Payment Date, as applicable, therefor or (B) if prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period or on the Interest Payment Date, as applicable, in full provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is five Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above. 
 84 

2.13 Limitations on Term Benchmark Loans . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all borrowings, conversions and continuations of Term Benchmark Loans and all selections of Interest Periods shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so that, (a) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of the Term Benchmark Loans comprising each Interest Period shall be equal to 5,000,000, 2,500,000, 2,500,000 (or in the case of other Alternative Available Currencies, such amount as agreed by the Administrative Agent) or a whole multiple of 1,000,000, 500,000, 500,000 (or in the case of other Alternative Available Currencies, such amount as agreed by the Administrative Agent), as applicable, in excess thereof and (b) no more than (i) 5 Interest Periods (in the aggregate), in the case of the US Borrowers and (ii) 35 Interest Periods (in the aggregate), in the case of Borrowers other than the US Borrowers, in each case shall be outstanding at any one time. 
 2.14 Interest Rates and Payment Dates . (a) Each Term Benchmark Loan shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted LIBO SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, as applicable, determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (b) Only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, each Daily Simple SOFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Daily SOFR plus the Applicable Rate. 
 b c Each ABR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the ABR plus the Applicable Margin. 
 c d Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Margin. 
 d e Each Swingline Loan or Protective Advance made to any European Co-Borrower shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 e f (i) If all or a portion of the principal amount of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (x) in the case of the Loans, the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section plus 2 or (y) in the case of Reimbursement Obligations in relation to Letters of Credit issued for the benefit of a US Borrower and denominated in Dollars, the rate applicable to Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans plus 2 , or to the extent in relation to Letter of Credit Issued for the benefit of the European Co-Borrowers, or issued for the benefit of any other Borrower and not denominated in Dollars, such rate as would be then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, denominated in the applicable currency, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period of one month (assuming, solely, for this purpose in the case of Canadian Dollar denominated Reimbursement Obligations, that Term Benchmark Loans include CDOR-rate Canadian Dollar loans that are treated as Revolving Loans), plus 2 , and (ii) if all or a portion of any interest payable on any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation or any commitment fee or other amount payable hereunder shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans plus 2 provided that for amounts denominated in another Available Currency (other than Dollars) such rate would be the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, denominated in such currency with, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans an Interest Period of one month, plus 2 (assuming, solely, for this purpose in the case of Canadian Dollar denominated amounts, that Term Benchmark Loans include CDOR-rate Canadian Dollar loans that are treated as Revolving Loans)), in each case, with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) above, from the date of such non-payment until such amount is paid in full (as well after as before judgment). 
 85 

f g Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, provided that interest accruing pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable from time to time on demand. 
 2.15 Computation of Interest and Fees . Interest and fees payable pursuant hereto shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed, except that, with respect to ABR Loans, the rate of interest on which is calculated on the basis of the Prime Rate, and Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the interest thereon shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366-, as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed (including the first day, but excluding the last day provided that if a Loan is repaid on the same day on which it is made, one day s interest shall be paid on such Loan). The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the applicable Borrower and the relevant Lenders of each determination of an Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple RFR, Overnight Rate or an Adjusted EURIBOR Rate. Any change in the interest rate on a Loan resulting from a change in the ABR or reserve requirements shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change becomes effective. The applicable ABR, Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, LIBO Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple RFR, Overnight Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or EURIBOR Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the applicable Borrower and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error. The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the applicable Borrower, deliver to such Borrower a statement showing the quotations used by the Administrative Agent in determining any interest rate pursuant to Section 2.14(a). 
 2.16 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) , and (f) and (g) of this Section 2.16 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, the LIBO Term SOFR Rate, the Overnight Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate , Daily Simple SOFR (solely to the extent Daily Simple SOFR is the relevant Benchmark with respect to Dollars or the EURIBOR Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Available Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Available Currency, or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, the LIBO Term SOFR Rate, the Overnight Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate , Daily Simple SOFR (to the extent relevant with respect to Dollars) or the EURIBOR Rate for the applicable Available Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Available Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Available Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Available Currency, 
 86 

then the Administrative Agent shall give facsimile or e-mail notice thereof to the applicable Borrower and the relevant Lenders as soon as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the applicable Borrower and the relevant Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (A) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall be ineffective, (B) if any Borrowing Request by a US Borrower requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as an (x) ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of 2.16 (i) or (ii) or (y) a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.16(a)(i) or (i) above and if any Borrowing Request by a European Co-Borrower requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as a Loan bearing interest at the Alternate Rate and (C) if any Borrowing Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing for the relevant rate above in an Available Currency (other than Dollars), then such request shall be ineffective provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Available Currency is outstanding on the date of the applicable Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.16(a) with respect to a Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until the Administrative Agent notifies the applicable Borrower and the relevant Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in Dollars, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an (x) ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of 2.16 (i) or (ii) or (y) a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.16(a)(i) or (i) above or in the case of the European Co-Borrowers a Loan bearing interest at the Alternate Rate) denominated in Dollars on such day, (ii) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in any Available Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency plus the Applicable Margin provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Available Currency other than Dollars shall, at the applicable Borrower s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by such Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Available Currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time or (iii) if such RFR Loan is denominated in any Available Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency plus the Applicable Margin provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Available Currency other than Dollars, at the applicable Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans (or in the case of the European Co-Borrowers a Loan bearing interest at the Alternate Rate) denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Available Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event , an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in 
 87 

respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause 3 2 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Available Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from the Required Lenders. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Parent Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt , the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole discretion. 
 d c In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 e d The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Parent Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event , an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.16, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.16. 
 f e Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR, LIBO Term SOFR Rate or EURIBOR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion 
 88 

in consultation with the Parent Borrower or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 g f Upon the applicable Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, any Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) such Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans (or in the case of the European Co-Borrowers a Loan bearing interest at the Alternate Rate) or (y) any Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in an Available Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Available Currency is outstanding on the date of the applicable Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Available Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.16, (i) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in Dollars, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (ii) or (y) a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of Benchmark Transition Event an ABR Loan (or in the case of the European Co-Borrowers a Loan bearing interest at the Alternate Rate) denominated in Dollars on such day, (ii) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in any Available Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency plus the Applicable Margin provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Available Currency other than Dollars shall, at the Parent Borrower s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by such Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Available Currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time or (iii) if such RFR Loan is denominated in any Available Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency plus the Applicable Margin provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Available Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Available Currency, at the applicable Borrower s 
 89 

election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (or in the case of the European Co-Borrowers a Loan bearing interest at the Alternate Rate) (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Available Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 2.17 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments . (a) Each borrowing by each Borrower from the Revolving Lenders hereunder, each payment by each Borrower on account of any commitment fee and any reduction of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be made pro rata according to the Revolving Percentages of the Lenders, in each case unless otherwise provided in this Agreement. 
 (b) Any proceeds of Collateral of any Loan Party received by the Administrative Agent (i) after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct or (ii) at any other time, not constituting (A) a specific payment of principal, interest, fees or other sum payable under the Loan Documents (which shall be applied as specified by the applicable Borrower), (B) a mandatory prepayment (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.11(a)) or (C) amounts to be applied from any Collection Account (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.11(c)), shall be applied, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, ratably first , to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements then owing to the Administrative Agent and any Issuing Lender from, or guaranteed by, such Loan Party under the Loan Documents (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Obligations), second , to pay any fees or expense reimbursements then owing to the Lenders from, or guaranteed by, such Loan Party under the Loan Documents (other than in connection with Banking Services or Swap Obligations), third , to pay interest due in respect of the Protective Advances owing by or guaranteed by such Loan Party, fourth , to pay the principal of the Protective Advances owing by or guaranteed by such Loan Party, fifth , to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans (other than the Protective Advances) and unreimbursed L C Disbursements, in each case owing or guaranteed by such Loan Party, ratably, sixth , to prepay principal on the Loans (other than the Protective Advances) and unreimbursed L C Disbursements owing or guaranteed by such Loan Party, to the payment of any amounts owing with respect to Reported Banking Services Obligations and Reported Secured Swap Obligations owing or guaranteed by such Loan Party, ratably, and to pay an amount to the Administrative Agent equal to 103 of the aggregate undrawn face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued on behalf of, or guaranteed by, such Loan Party, to be held as cash collateral for such Obligations, seventh , to the payment of any amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations (other than Reported Banking Services Obligations) and Secured Swap Obligations (other than Reported Secured Swap Obligations) owing or guaranteed by such Loan Party, ratably, eighth , to the payment of any other Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by, or guaranteed by, such Loan Party, ratably, and ninth , any balance remaining after the Obligations shall have been paid in full and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding (other than Letters of Credit which have been cash collateralized in accordance with the foregoing) shall be paid over to the applicable Loan Party at its account designated for such purpose by written notice by such Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or to whomsoever else may be lawfully entitled to receive the same. The application of any payment pursuant to this Section 2.17(b) shall be made first , to ABR Loans and second , to Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Obligations to maximize realization of the Collateral (it being understood that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall be payments be made pursuant to levels seventh or eighth above prior to the payment in full of all obligations described in levels first through seventh above). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) no amount received from any Loan Party shall be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Loan Party and (y) application of amounts from non-Domestic Loan Parties shall be subject to Section 10.21 
 90 

(c) Each payment (including each prepayment) by the Borrowers on account of principal of and interest on the Revolving Loans shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Revolving Loans then held by the Revolving Lenders, unless otherwise provided by this Agreement. 
 (d) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrowers hereunder, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise, shall be made without setoff or counterclaim and shall be made prior to 2 00 P.M., Local Time, on the due date thereof to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the Funding Office, in Dollars (or in the case of principal and interest in respect of Loans denominated in another Available Currency, such Available Currency, and subject to any payments required to be made in an Available Currency with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in an Available Currency as set forth in Section 3) and in immediately available funds. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to each relevant Lender promptly upon receipt in like funds as received, net of any amounts owing by such Lender pursuant to Section 9.7. If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Term Benchmark Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a Term Benchmark Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the case of any extension of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding two sentences, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. During any Full Cash Dominion Period, solely for purposes of determining the amount of Loans available for borrowing purposes, checks (in addition to immediately available funds applied pursuant to Section 2.11(c)) from collections of items of payment and proceeds of any Collateral shall be applied in whole or in part against the applicable Obligations as of 10 00 A.M., Local Time, on the Business Day of receipt, subject to actual collection. 
 (e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to a borrowing that such Lender will not make the amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender is making such amount available to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. If such amount is not made available to the Administrative Agent by the required time on the Borrowing Date therefor, such Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent, on demand, such amount with interest thereon, at a rate equal to in the greater of (i) in the case of Dollar borrowings, the NYFRB Rate and in the case of non-Dollar borrowing a customary rate determined by the Administrative Agent and (ii) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. for the period until such Lender makes such amount immediately available to the Administrative Agent. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this paragraph shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. If such Lender s share of such borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender within three Business Days after such Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum applicable at the time to the Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 (f) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by the applicable Borrower prior to the date of any payment due to be made by such Borrower hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower is making such payment, and the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be required to, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Lenders their respective pro rata 
 91 

shares of a corresponding amount. If such payment is not made to the Administrative Agent by such Borrower within three Business Days after such due date, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover, on demand, from each Lender to which any amount which was made available pursuant to the preceding sentence, such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum equal to, in the case of Borrowings in Dollars, the daily average NYFRB Rate and in the case of Borrowings not in Dollars, a customary rate determined by the Administrative Agent. Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against any Borrower. 
 (g) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.7(c), 2.7(d), 2.17(e), 2.17(f), 2.19(e), 3.4(a) or 9.7, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations to it under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid, and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 2.18 Requirements of Law . (a) If the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation, administration, implementation or application thereof or compliance by any Lender or other Credit Party with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority, in each case made or occurring subsequent to the Closing Date 
 (i) shall subject any Lender or other Credit Party to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (g) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 (ii) shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances, loans or other extensions of credit (or participations therein) by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Lender or other Credit Party that is not otherwise included in the determination of the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple RFR , EURIBOR Screen Rate or Adjusted EURIBOR Rate (or, only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16, Daily Simple SOFR or 
 (iii) shall impose on such Lender or other Credit Party any other condition (other than Taxes) 
 and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Credit Party, by an amount that such Lender or other Credit Party deems to be material, of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining Loans or issuing or participating in Letters of Credit, or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder in respect thereof, then, in any such case, the applicable Borrower shall, subject to clauses (d) and (e) below, promptly pay such Lender or such other Credit Party, upon its demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such other Credit Party for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable. If any Lender or such other Credit Party becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this paragraph, it shall promptly notify the applicable Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled and provide reasonable supporting detail. 
 92 

(b) If any Lender shall have determined that the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements or in the interpretation, administration, implementation or application thereof or compliance by such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender with any request or directive regarding capital or liquidity requirements (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority made subsequent to the Closing Date shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such corporation s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or under or in respect of any Letter of Credit to a level below that which such Lender or such corporation could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Lender s or such corporation s policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time, after submission by such Lender to the applicable Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of a written request therefor with reasonable supporting detail, the applicable Borrower shall, subject to clauses (d) and (e) below, pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such corporation for such reduction. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or by United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, and (ii) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, any European equivalent regulations (such as the European Market and Infrastructure Regulation and other regulations related thereto) and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, shall in each case be deemed to be a change in law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 (d) A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted by any Lender to the applicable Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, the applicable Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any amounts incurred more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the applicable Borrower of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor provided that, if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect. The obligations of the Borrowers pursuant to this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.18 to the contrary, no Lender shall be entitled to receive any compensation pursuant to this Section 2.18 unless it shall be the general policy or practice of such Lender to seek compensation from other similarly situated borrowers in the U.S. syndicated loan market with respect to its similarly affected loans under agreements with such borrowers having provisions similar to this Section 2.18. 
 2.19 Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and Letter of Credit shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that, after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums 
 93 

payable under this Section 2.19), the amounts received with respect to this agreement equal the sum which would have been received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b) The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it (for its own account and on behalf of any other Credit Party, as applicable) for, Other Taxes. 
 (c) As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.19, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Without duplication of payments made pursuant to Section 2.19(a) above, the Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Credit Party, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.19) payable or paid by such Credit Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Credit Party) and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the applicable Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.6(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (f) (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.19(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject 
 94 

such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the applicable Borrower is a U.S. Person 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of such Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or 
 95 

(4) to the extent a Non-U.S. Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Non-U.S. Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Non-U.S. Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Non-U.S. Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date. 
 
 96 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) On the date of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall (and any successor or replacement Administrative Agent) shall on or before the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent hereunder) deliver to the Parent Borrower two duly executed originals of either (i) IRS Form W-9 or (ii) IRS Form W-8ECI (with respect to any payments to be received on its own behalf) and IRS Form W-8IMY (for all other payments), establishing that it is a U.S. branch that has agreed to be treated as a U.S. Person for United States federal withholding Tax purposes with respect to payments received by it from the Borrowers for the account of others under the Loan Documents. 
 (h) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.19 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.19), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 2.19 shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (i) 
 (i) All amounts expressed to be payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit by any Loan Party to any Credit Party which (in whole or in part) constitute the consideration for any supply for VAT purposes are deemed to be exclusive of any VAT which is chargeable on that supply and, accordingly, subject to paragraph (ii) below, if VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Credit Party to any Loan Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit and such Credit Party is required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT, that Loan Party must pay to such Credit Party (in addition to and at the same time as paying any other consideration for such supply) an amount equal to the amount of the VAT (and such Credit Party must promptly provide an appropriate VAT invoice to that Loan Party). If any VAT was paid by any Loan Party to any Credit Party for any supply under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit and it transpires that such supply was out of scope of VAT or subject to a VAT exemption or subject to a reverse charge mechanism, the respective Loan Party and Credit Party shall fully cooperate in order to correct the situation. 
 (ii) If VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Credit Party (the VAT Supplier to any other Credit Party (the VAT Recipient under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, and any Loan Party (the Relevant Party is required by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan 
 97 

Document or any Letter of Credit to pay an amount equal to the consideration for that supply to the VAT Supplier (rather than being required to reimburse or indemnify the VAT Recipient in respect of that consideration) (x) (where the VAT Supplier is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant Party must also pay to the VAT Supplier (at the same time as paying that amount) an additional amount equal to the amount of the VAT. The VAT Recipient must (where this paragraph (x) applies) promptly pay to the Relevant Party an amount equal to any credit or repayment the VAT Recipient receives from the relevant tax authority which the VAT Recipient reasonably determines relates to the VAT chargeable on that supply and (y) (where the VAT Recipient is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant Party must promptly, following demand from the VAT Recipient, pay to the VAT Recipient an amount equal to the VAT chargeable on that supply but only to the extent that the VAT Recipient reasonably determines that it is not entitled to credit or repayment from the relevant tax authority in respect of that VAT. 
 (iii) Where this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit requires any Loan Party to reimburse or indemnify a Credit Party for any cost or expense, that Loan Party shall reimburse or indemnify (as the case may be) such Credit Party for the full amount of such cost or expense, including such part thereof as represents VAT, save to the extent that such Credit Party reasonably determines that it is entitled to credit or repayment in respect of such VAT from the relevant tax authority. 
 (iv) Any reference in this Section 2.19(i) to any Loan Party or Credit Party shall, at any time when such party is treated as a member of a group for VAT purposes, include (where appropriate and unless the context otherwise requires) a reference to the person deemed for VAT purposes to make or receive supplies on behalf of such VAT group. 
 (v) In relation to any supply made by a Credit Party to any Loan Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, if reasonably requested by such Credit Party, that Loan Party must promptly provide such Credit Party with details of that Loan Party s VAT registration and such other information as is reasonably requested in connection with such Credit Party s VAT reporting requirements in relation to such supply. 
 (j) Each party s obligations under this Section 2.19 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under the Loan Documents and Letters of Credit. 
 (k) For purposes of this Section 2.19, the term Lender includes the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender. 
 98 

(l) Additional United Kingdom Tax Matters 
 (i) Subject to (ii) below, each Lender and the UK Borrower shall cooperate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for such UK Borrower to obtain authorization to make payments under any Loan Document or Letter of Credit without withholding or deduction for Taxes imposed under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
 (A) A Lender on the date of this Agreement that (x) holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme and (y) wishes such scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall provide its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence to the UK Borrower and the Administrative Agent on the date of this Agreement and 
 (B) a Lender which becomes a Lender hereunder after the date of this Agreement that (x) holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme and (y) wishes such scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall provide its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence to the UK Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and 
 (C) upon satisfying either clause (A) or (B) above, such Lender shall have satisfied its obligation under paragraph (l)(i) above. 
 (ii) If a Lender has confirmed its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (l)(i) above, the UK Borrower(s) shall make a Borrower DTTP filing with respect to such Lender, and shall promptly provide such Lender with a copy of such filing, provided that, if 
 (A) the UK Borrower making a payment to such Lender has not made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of such Lender or 
 (B) the UK Borrower making a payment to such Lender has made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of such Lender but 
 (1) such Borrower DTTP Filing has been rejected by HM Revenue & Customs or 
 (2) HM Revenue & Customs has not given the UK Borrower authority to make payments to such Lender without a deduction for tax within 60 days of the date of such Borrower DTTP Filing 
 and in each case, the UK Borrower has notified that Lender in writing of either (1) or (2) above, then such Lender and the UK Borrower shall co-operate in completing any additional procedural formalities necessary for the UK Borrower to obtain authorization to make that payment without withholding or deduction for Taxes imposed under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
 (iii) If a Lender has not confirmed its scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (l)(i) above, the UK Borrower shall not make a Borrower DTTP Filing or file any other form relating to the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme in respect of that Lender s Commitment(s) or its participation in any Loan unless the Lender otherwise agrees. 
 99 

(iv) The UK Borrower shall, promptly on making a Borrower DTTP Filing, deliver a copy of such Borrower DTTP Filing to the Administrative Agent for delivery to the relevant Lender. 
 (v) Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent if it determines in its sole discretion that it is ceases to be a UK Qualifying Lender with respect to payments made by the UK Borrower hereunder. 
 (vi) A payment from the UK Borrower shall not be increased under Section 2.19(a) and there shall be no indemnification under Section 2.19(d) in respect of any withholding or deduction for Taxes imposed under the laws of the United Kingdom if on the date on which the payment falls due (A) the payment could have been made to the relevant Lender without such withholding or deduction if the Lender had been a UK Qualifying Lender, but on that date that Lender is not or has ceased to be a UK Qualifying Lender other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Lender under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration, or application of) any law or income tax treaty or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority or (B) the relevant Lender is a UK Treaty Lender and the UK Borrower is able to demonstrate that the payment could have been made to the Lender without the withholding or deduction for Taxes imposed under the laws of the United Kingdom had that Lender complied with its obligations under Section 2.19(l)(i) or 2.19(l)(iii) (as applicable) above UK Excluded Withholding Taxes ). 
 (vii) Each Lender which becomes a Lender hereunder after the date of this Agreement shall indicate in writing on the date it becomes a Lender, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and without liability to any Borrower, which of the following categories it falls in (A) not a UK Qualifying Lender (B) a UK Qualifying Lender (other than a UK Treaty Lender) or (C) a UK Treaty Lender. If such Lender fails to indicate its status in accordance with this Section 2.19( k l )(vii i then such Lender shall be treated by the UK Borrower as if it is not a UK Qualifying Lender until such time as it notifies the Administrative Agent which category applies (and the Administrative Agent, upon receipt of such notification, shall inform the UK Borrower). 
 (m) Additional German Tax Matters 
 (i) A payment from a German Borrower shall not be increased under Section 2.19(a) and there shall be no indemnification under Section 2.19(d) in respect of any Indemnified Taxes imposed under the laws of Germany, if on the date on which the payment falls due 
 (A) the payment could have been made to the relevant Lender without a Tax deduction if the Lender had been a German Qualifying Lender, but on that date that Lender is not or has ceased to be a German Qualifying Lender other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Lender under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration, or application of) any law or German Treaty, or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority or 
 100 

(B) the relevant Lender is a German Treaty Lender and the obligor making the payment is able to demonstrate that the payment could have been made to the Lender without the Tax deduction had that Lender co-operated in completing any procedural formalities necessary for that obligor to obtain authorization to make that payment without a Tax deduction or 
 (C) the relevant obligor is required by the relevant tax office to make a Tax deduction on account of German Tax pursuant to section 50a paragraph 7 of the German Income Tax Act Einkommensteuergesetz ), unless the payment could have been made to the relevant Lender without such Tax deduction if the Lender had been a German Treaty Lender, but on that date that Lender is not or has ceased to be a German Treaty Lender other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Lender under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration, or application of) any law or German Treaty, or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority it being further agreed that a Lender shall not be entitled to an increased payment under Section 2.19(a) but only to an indemnification under and in accordance with Sections 2.19(d) and 2.19(m)(ii) if it causes a Tax deduction under section 50a paragraph 7 of the German Income Tax Act by a failure to comply with its German tax filing or tax paying obligations. 
 (ii) Any Taxes assessed on a Lender under the laws of Germany solely due to the fact that the Loans are secured (directly or indirectly) by real estate located in Germany inl ndischer Grundbesitz or by German rights subject to the civil code provisions relating to real estate inl ndische Rechte, die den Vorschriften des b rgerlichen Rechts ber Grundst cke unterliegen ), shall not be subject to indemnification under Section 2.19(d), unless the relevant Lender was a German Treaty Lender when it became a Party and the reason it has ceased to be a German Treaty Lender is the introduction of, or a change in, any law or regulation, or a change in the interpretation or application of any law, treaty or regulation or in any practice or concession of any tax authority, in each case occurring after the date of this Agreement. 
 2.20 Indemnity . (a) Each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender for, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss or expense that such Lender sustains or incurs as a consequence of a i default by any Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans after any Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, b ii default by any Borrower in making any prepayment of or conversion from Term Benchmark Loans after any Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or c iii the making of a prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans on a day that is not the last day of the Interest Period with respect thereto. Such indemnification may include an amount equal to the excess, if any, of i A the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amount so prepaid, or not so borrowed, converted or continued, for the period from the date of such prepayment or of such failure to borrow, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicable rate of interest for such Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the Applicable Margin included therein, if any) over ii B the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) that would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such 
 101 

amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the interbank eurodollar applicable funding market. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted to any Borrower by any Lender shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder for nine months. 
 (b) with respect to Daily Simple SOFR Loans (only to the extent set forth in Section 2.16), in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of such Daily Simple SOFR Loans other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay such Daily Simple SOFR Loans on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto, (iii) the assignment of any Daily Simple SOFR Loans other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.22, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 2.21 Change of Lending Office . Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.18 or 2.19(a) with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending office for any Loans affected by such event or to assign and delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event provided , that such designation or assignment is made on terms that, in the sole judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its lending offices to suffer no material economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided , further , that nothing in this Section shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of any Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19(a). 
 2.22 Replacement of Lenders . Each Borrower shall be permitted to replace any Lender that (a) requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19(a), (b) becomes a Defaulting Lender or (c) does not consent to any proposed amendment, supplement, modification, consent or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that requires the consent of each of the Lenders or each of the Lenders affected thereby (so long as the consent of the Required Lenders has been obtained), with a replacement financial institution provided that (i) such replacement does not conflict with any Requirement of Law, (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, (iii) prior to any such replacement, such Lender shall have taken no action under Section 2.21 so as to eliminate the continued need for payment of amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19(a), (iv) the replacement financial institution shall purchase, at par, all Loans and other amounts owing to such replaced Lender on or prior to the date of replacement, (v) the Borrowers shall be liable to such replaced Lender under Section 2.20 if any Term Benchmark Loan owing to such replaced Lender shall be purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto or with respect to an RFR Loan, if any RFR Loan owing to such replaced Lender shall be purchased other than on the scheduled due date, (vi) the replacement financial institution shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (vii) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6 provided that the Borrowers shall be obligated to pay the registration and processing fee referred to therein), (viii) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the Borrowers shall pay all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19(a), as the case may be, and (ix) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that any Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the replaced 
 102 

Lender. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Parent Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee, and that the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective. 
 2.23 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.8(a) 
 (b) the Commitment and Revolving Extensions of Credit of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 10.1) provided , that this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender affected thereby 
 (c) if any Swingline Exposure, L C Exposure or Protective Advance Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure, L C Exposure and Protective Advance Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Percentages but only to the extent the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Extensions of Credit plus such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure, L C Exposure and Protective Advance Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first , prepay such Protective Advance Exposure, (y) second , prepay such Swingline Exposure and (z) third , cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Lender only the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s L C Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 8 for so long as such L C Exposure is outstanding 
 (iii) if the Borrowers cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lender s L C Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.3(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s L C Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s L C Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (iv) if the L C Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.8(a) and Section 3.3(a) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Percentages and 
 103 

(v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s L C Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Lender or any other Lender hereunder, all fees payable under Section 3.3(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s L C Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Lender until and to the extent that such L C Exposure is reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (d) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding L C Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrowers in accordance with Section 2.23(c), and participating interests in any newly made Swingline Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.23(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent of any Lender shall occur following the Closing Date and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Lender has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the applicable Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the applicable Borrower, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Lender each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure, L C Exposure and Protective Advance Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Revolving Percentage. 
 2.24 Incremental Facilities . (a) The Parent Borrower and any one or more Lenders (including New Lenders) may from time to time agree that such Lenders shall make, obtain or increase the amount of their Commitments (any such new or increased Commitments, Incremental Commitments by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent an Increased Facility Activation Notice specifying (x) the amount of such Incremental Commitments and (y) the applicable Increased Facility Closing Date (which shall be a date not less than 10 Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent (or such earlier date as shall be agreed by the Administrative Agent)) provided that (i) with respect to any Increased Facility Closing Date, the Incremental Commitments shall be in a minimum amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 25,000,000 and 1,000,000 multiples thereafter, (ii) the aggregate amount of Incremental Commitments obtained after the Closing Date pursuant to this Section 2.24 shall not exceed the greater of (a) 200,000,000 and (b) the amount (if any) by which the Borrowing Base exceeds the Commitments and (iii) Incremental Commitments may be made no more than four times during the term of this Agreement (or such greater number as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). No Lender shall have any obligation to participate in any increase described in this paragraph unless it agrees to do so in its sole discretion. 
 104 

(b) Any additional bank, financial institution or other entity which, with the consent of the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), elects to become a Lender under this Agreement in connection with any transaction described in Section 2.24(a) shall execute a New Lender Supplement (each, a New Lender Supplement ), substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2, whereupon such bank, financial institution or other entity (a New Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes and to the same extent as if originally a party hereto and shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement. 
 (c) Unless otherwise agreed or otherwise directed by the Administrative Agent, on each Increased Facility Closing Date, the applicable Borrower shall borrow Revolving Loans under the relevant Incremental Commitments from each Lender participating in the relevant increase in an amount determined by reference to the amount of each Type of Loan which would then have been outstanding from such Lender if (i) each such Type had been borrowed or effected on such Increased Facility Closing Date and (ii) the aggregate amount of each such Type requested to be so borrowed or effected had been proportionately increased. 
 (d) The availability of the Incremental Commitments will be subject to the following 
 conditions 
 (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the making of such Incremental Commitments 
 (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in each Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, if qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Increased Facility Closing Date immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the making of such Incremental Commitments, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case they shall be so true and correct as of such earlier date 
 (iii) the Borrowers shall have delivered such legal opinions, board resolutions, secretary s certificate, officer s certificate and other documents as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Incremental Commitments and 
 (iv) the documentation and terms of any Incremental Commitment shall be documented solely as an increase to the existing Commitments without any change in terms other than those necessary to effect such Incremental Commitment (it being agreed the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall be permitted to make such amendments to the Loan Documents to effectuate the provisions of this Section 2.24 without the consent of any other Person). 
 
 SECTION 3. LETTERS OF CREDIT 
 1. L C Commitment . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Issuing Lender, in reliance on the agreements of the other Revolving Lenders set forth in Section 3.4(a), agrees to issue letters of credit Letters of Credit for the account of the applicable Borrower on any Business Day during the Revolving Commitment Period in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Issuing Lender provided that the Issuing Lender shall not issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the L C Obligations would exceed the L C Commitment or, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Lender in their sole discretion, the Dollar Equivalent of the L C Obligations of an Issuing Lender would exceed the Issuer Individual Commitment of such Issuing Lender, (ii) the Dollar Equivalent of the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit would exceed the Line Cap, (iii) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit to the US 
 105 

Borrowers would exceed the US Borrowing Base (after deducting Revolving Extensions of Credit made to or for the account of any other Borrowers), (iv) the Foreign Borrowing Limits would be exceeded or (v) the Dollar Equivalent of the L C Obligations for the account of the European Co-Borrowers would exceed the European LC Sub-Limit, subject, in each case, to the authority of the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, to make Protective Advances pursuant to the terms of Section 2.3. Each Letter of Credit shall (i) be denominated in an Available Currency (except that Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars shall only be issued for the account of the US Borrowers) and (ii) expire no later than the earlier of (x) the first anniversary of its date of issuance and (y) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Termination Date, provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (y) above). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuing Lender shall have no obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions, (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement or (iii) in any manner that would result in a violation of one or more policies of such Issuing Lender applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (b) The Issuing Lender shall not at any time be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit if such issuance would conflict with, or cause the Issuing Lender or any L C Participant to exceed any limits imposed by, any applicable Requirement of Law. 
 (c) The parties hereto agree that the Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit for all purposes under this Agreement, without any further action by the Borrowers, any Issuing Lender or any other Person. 
 3.2 Procedure for Issuance of Letter of Credit . Each Borrower may from time to time request that the Issuing Lender issue a Letter of Credit by delivering to the Issuing Lender at its address for notices specified herein, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, an Application therefor, completed to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuing Lender, and such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as the Issuing Lender may request. Upon receipt of any Application, the Issuing Lender will process such Application and the certificates, documents and other papers and information delivered to it in connection therewith in accordance with its customary procedures and shall promptly issue the Letter of Credit requested thereby in a form satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent (but in no event shall the Issuing Lender be required to issue any Letter of Credit earlier than three Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating thereto and its and the Administrative Agent s approval of the form of the Letter of Credit) by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as otherwise may be agreed to by the Issuing Lender and the applicable Borrower. The Issuing Lender shall furnish a copy of such Letter of Credit to the applicable Borrower promptly following the issuance thereof. The Issuing Lender shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, which shall in turn promptly furnish to the Lenders, notice of the issuance of each Letter of Credit (including the amount thereof). 
 106 

3.3 Fees and Other Charges . (a) The Borrowers will pay a fee denominated in Dollars on all outstanding Letters of Credit at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin then in effect with respect to Revolving Loans that are Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars, shared ratably among the Revolving Lenders and payable quarterly in arrears on each Fee Payment Date after the issuance date. In addition, the Borrowers shall pay to the Issuing Lender for its own account a fronting fee on the undrawn and unexpired amount of each Letter of Credit, payable quarterly in arrears on each Fee Payment Date after the issuance date, in an amount separately agreed with the Issuing Lender. 
 (b) In addition to the foregoing fees, the Borrowers shall pay or reimburse the Issuing Lender for such normal and customary costs and expenses as are incurred or charged by the Issuing Lender in issuing, negotiating, effecting payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit. 
 3.4 L C Participations . (a) The Issuing Lender irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to each L C Participant, and, to induce the Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit, each L C Participant irrevocably agrees to accept and purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from the Issuing Lender, on the terms and conditions set forth below, for such L C Participant s own account and risk an undivided interest equal to such L C Participant s Revolving Percentage in the Issuing Lender s obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit and the amount of each draft paid by the Issuing Lender thereunder. Each L C Participant agrees with the Issuing Lender that, if a draft is paid under any Letter of Credit for which the Issuing Lender is not reimbursed in full by the Borrowers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (or in the event that any reimbursement received by the Issuing Lender shall be required to be returned by it at any time), such L C Participant shall pay to the Issuing Lender upon demand at the Issuing Lender s address for notices specified herein an amount equal to such L C Participant s Revolving Percentage of the amount that is not so reimbursed (or is so returned) in the currency of such outstanding amount. Each L C Participant s obligation to pay such amount shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such L C Participant may have against the Issuing Lender, the Borrowers or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Section 5, (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrowers, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other L C Participant or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
 (b) If any amount required to be paid by any L C Participant to the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.4(a) in respect of any unreimbursed portion of any payment made by the Issuing Lender under any Letter of Credit is not paid to the Issuing Lender within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, such L C Participant shall pay to the Issuing Lender on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) such amount, times (ii) the greater of (x) the daily average NYFRB Rate during the period from and including the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Issuing Lender and (y) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, times (iii) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse during such period and the denominator of which is 360. If any such amount required to be paid by any L C Participant pursuant to Section 3.4(a) is not made available to the Issuing Lender by such L C Participant within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, the Issuing Lender shall be entitled to recover from such L C Participant, on demand, such amount with interest thereon calculated from such due date at the rate per annum applicable at the time to the Letter of Credits comprising such issuance. A certificate of the Issuing Lender submitted to any L C Participant with respect to any amounts owing under this Section shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 107 

(c) Whenever, at any time after the Issuing Lender has made payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any L C Participant its pro rata share of such payment in accordance with Section 3.4(a), the Issuing Lender receives any payment related to such Letter of Credit (whether directly from the Borrowers or otherwise, including proceeds of collateral applied thereto by the Issuing Lender), or any payment of interest on account thereof, the Issuing Lender will distribute to such L C Participant its pro rata share thereof provided , however , that in the event that any such payment received by the Issuing Lender shall be required to be returned by the Issuing Lender, such L C Participant shall return to the Issuing Lender the portion thereof previously distributed by the Issuing Lender to it. 
 3.5 Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrowers . If any draft is paid under any Letter of Credit, the Borrowers shall reimburse the Issuing Lender for the amount of (a) the draft so paid and (b) any taxes, fees, charges or other costs or expenses incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with such payment, not later than 12 00 Noon, Local Time, on (i) the Business Day that the applicable Borrower receives notice of such draft, if such notice is received on such day prior to 10 00 A.M., Local Time, or (ii) if clause (i) above does not apply, the Business Day immediately following the day that the applicable Borrower receives such notice. Each such payment shall be made to the Issuing Lender at its address for notices referred to herein in the currency of such draft and in immediately available funds. Interest shall be payable on any such amounts from the date on which the relevant draft is paid until payment in full at the rate set forth in (x) until the Business Day next succeeding the date of the relevant notice, Section 2.14(b) (or in the case of non-Dollar draws, (d), or in the case of Canadian Dollar draws, a customary rate determined by the Administrative Agent , as applicable) and (y) thereafter, Section 2.14( e f ). 
 3.6 Obligations Absolute . Each Borrower s obligations under this Section 3 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment that any Borrower may have or have had against the Issuing Lender, any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or any other Person. Each Borrower also agrees with the Issuing Lender that the Issuing Lender shall not be responsible for, and such Borrower s Reimbursement Obligations under Section 3.5 shall not be affected by, among other things, (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (b) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be invalid, fraudulent or forged in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (c) any dispute between or among any Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims whatsoever of such Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any such transferee, (d) payment by the Issuing Lender under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (e) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. The Issuing Lender shall not have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Lender provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Lender from liability to any Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrowers that are caused by the Issuing Lender s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The 
 108 

parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Lender (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 3.7 Letter of Credit Payments . If any draft shall be presented for payment under any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the applicable Borrower of the date and amount thereof. The responsibility of the Issuing Lender to the applicable Borrower in connection with any draft presented for payment under any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to any payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited to determining that the documents (including each draft) delivered under such Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment are substantially in conformity with such Letter of Credit. 
 3.8 Applications . To the extent that any provision of any Application related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 3, the provisions of this Section 3 shall apply. 
 
 SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans and issue or participate in the Letters of Credit, each Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that 
 4.1 Financial Condition . (a) The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet and related pro forma combined statement of income (including the notes thereto) combining (i) the consolidated balance sheet and related statement of income of the Parent Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its consolidated Subsidiaries) as of and for the 12 months ended July 31, 2018 and (ii) the consolidated balance sheet and related statement of income of Target and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the 12 months ended August 31, 2018, and which is subject to certain adjustments (the Pro Forma Financial Statements ), copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, have been prepared giving effect (as if such events had occurred on such date (in the case of the balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period (in the case of the statement of income)) to the consummation of the Transactions and the payment of fees and expenses in connection therewith. The Pro Forma Financial Statements have been prepared based on the best information available to the Parent Borrower as of the date of delivery thereof, and present fairly in all material respects and on a Pro Forma Basis the estimated financial condition and results of operations of the Parent Borrower and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries as of and for the 12 months ended at July 31, 2018, assuming that the events specified in the preceding sentence had actually occurred at such date or at the beginning of such period, as applicable. 
 (b) The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Parent Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its Subsidiaries) as at July 31, 2016, July 31, 2017 and July 31, 2018, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal years ended on such dates, reported on by and accompanied by an unqualified report from Deloitte & Touche LLP present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Parent Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its Subsidiaries) as at such 
 109 

date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the respective fiscal years then ended. The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at October 31, 2018, and the related unaudited consolidated statement of income, stockholders equity and cash flow for the three-month period ended on each such date, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Parent Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such dates, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flow for the three-month period then ended (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by the aforementioned firm of accountants and disclosed therein). 
 (c) To the knowledge of the Parent Borrower, the audited consolidated financial statements of each of Erwin Hymer Group AG & Co. KG and Erwin Hymer Verm gensverwaltungs AG, for each of the fiscal years ending on August 31, 2017 and August 31, 2016 (each including a statement of financial position Bilanz ), a statement of profit or loss Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung ), a statement of comprehensive income Gesamtergebnisrechnung ), a statement of cash flows Kapitalflussrechnung ), a statement of changes in owner's equity Entwicklung des Eigenkapitals ), notes Anhang ), based on the circumstances actually known positive bekannt by the management of Erwin Hymer Group AG & Co. KG or Erwin Hymer Verm gensverwaltungs AG, respectively, at the time of the preparation Aufstellung of the relevant consolidated financial statements, have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315a German Commercial Code HGB as consistently applied (except as disclosed therein) and have been audited and have received an unqualified audit opinion by Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftspr fungsgesellschaft. To the knowledge of the Parent Borrower, the unaudited consolidated financial statements of each of Erwin Hymer Group AG & Co. KG and Erwin Hymer Verm gensverwaltungs AG, for the nine months ending May 31, 2018 (each including a statement of financial position Bilanz ), a statement of profit or loss Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung ), a statement of comprehensive income Gesamtergebnisrechnung ), a statement of cash flows Kapitalflussrechnung ), a statement of changes in owner's equity Entwicklung des Eigenkapitals ), based on the circumstances actually known positive bekannt by the management of Erwin Hymer Group AG & Co. KG or Erwin Hymer Verm gensverwaltungs AG, respectively, at the time of the preparation Aufstellung of the relevant consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as consistently applied (except as disclosed therein), except that the interim financial statements are subject to year-end adjustments and are lacking footnote disclosures. 
 (d) Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.1(d), as of the Closing Date, no Group Member (other than the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries), and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, neither Target nor its Restricted Subsidiaries, has any material Guarantee Obligations, contingent liabilities and liabilities for taxes, or any long-term leases or unusual forward or long-term commitments, including any interest rate or foreign currency swap or exchange transaction or other obligation in respect of derivatives, that are required by GAAP or IFRS, as applicable, to be reflected on a balance sheet or in the notes thereto and that are not reflected in the most recent financial statements referred to in clauses (b) and (c) above. 
 4.2 No Change . Since July 31, 2018, there has been no development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.3 Existence Compliance with Law . Each Group Member (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (or such other analogous status, if any) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has the corporate or similar organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to own and operate its property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other 
 110 

organization and in good standing (or such other analogous status, if any) under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law except to the extent that the failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.4 Power Authorization Enforceable Obligations . (a) Each Loan Party has the corporate or similar organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrowers, to obtain extensions of credit hereunder. Each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or similar organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrowers, to authorize the extensions of credit on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document upon execution will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 
 (b) No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in connection with the Acquisition and the extensions of credit hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except (i) consents, authorizations, filings and notices that have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) the filings referred to in Section 4.20 and (iii) the consents, authorizations, filings and notices set forth in Schedule 4.4(b). 
 4.5 No Legal Bar . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the issuance of Letters of Credit, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member, except for violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents). 
 4.6 Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against any Group Member or against any of their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (b) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.7 No Default . No Group Member is in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations in any respect that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 4.8 Ownership of Property Liens . Each Group Member has title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all its real property, or license of, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, or license of, all its other property, and none of such property is subject to any Lien except as permitted by Section 7.3. 
 111 

4.9 Intellectual Property . Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Group Member owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, free and clear of all Liens, except as permitted by Section 7.3. Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no claim has been asserted or is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any Intellectual Property, nor does the Parent Borrower know of any valid basis for any such claim. To the knowledge of each Loan Party, the use of any material Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business does not infringe upon the rights of any Person unless such infringement could not reasonably be expected to be material to the Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 4.10 Taxes . Each Group Member has filed or caused to be filed all Federal, state and other material Tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all Taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other Taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than (a) any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member, or (b) to the extent that the failure to file or pay, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect) no material Lien in respect of Taxes has been filed, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no material claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, fee or other charge. As of the Closing Date, no Loan Party is treated for any Tax purposes as resident in a country or jurisdiction other than its jurisdiction of incorporation or establishment. As of the Closing Date, no Loan Party is a member of any VAT group other than a group made up solely of Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 4.11 Federal Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loans, and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used, directly or indirectly, (a) for buying or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U as now and from time to time hereafter in effect for any purpose that violates the provisions of the regulations of the Board or (b) for any purpose that violates the provisions of the regulations of the Board. No more than 25 of the value of the assets of the Group Members consist of margin stock as so defined. If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1, as applicable, referred to in Regulation U. 
 4.12 Labor Matters . Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against any Group Member pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened (b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of each Group Member have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act (to the extent applicable) or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters and (c) all payments due from any Group Member on account of employee health and welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant Group Member. 
 4.13 ERISA . Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect (a) each Group Member and each of their respective ERISA Affiliates (and in the case of a Pension Plan or a Multiemployer Plan, each of their respective ERISA Affiliates) are in compliance with all applicable provisions and requirements of ERISA and the Code and other federal and state laws and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder with respect to each Plan and Pension Plan and have performed all their obligations under each Plan and Pension Plan (b) no ERISA Event or Foreign Plan Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, and no ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to 
 112 

constitute or result in an ERISA Event (c) each Plan or Pension Plan which is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS covering such plan s most recently completed five-year remedial amendment cycle in accordance with Revenue Procedure 2007-44, I.R.B. 2007-28, indicating that such Plan or Pension Plan is so qualified and the trust related thereto has been determined by the IRS to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code or an application for such a determination is currently pending before the IRS and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred subsequent to the issuance of the most recent determination letter which would cause such Plan or Pension Plan to lose its qualified status (d) no liability to the PBGC (other than required premium payments), the IRS, any Plan or Pension Plan or any trust established under Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by any Group Member or any of their ERISA Affiliates (e) each of the Group Members ERISA Affiliates has complied with the requirements of Section 515 of ERISA with respect to each Multiemployer Plan and is not in default (as defined in Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA) with respect to payments to a Multiemployer Plan (f) all amounts required by applicable law with respect to, or by the terms of, any retiree welfare benefit arrangement maintained by any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate or to which any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate has an obligation to contribute have been accrued in accordance with ASC Topic 715-60 (g) as of the most recent valuation date for each Multiemployer Plan for which the actuarial report is available, no Group Member nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has any potential liability for a complete withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan (within the meaning of Section 4203 of ERISA), when aggregated with such potential liability for a complete withdrawal from all Multiemployer Plans, based on information available pursuant to Section 4221(e) of ERISA (h) there has been no Prohibited Transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan or Pension Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (i) neither any Group Member nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or liability under, any active or terminated Pension Plan other than (i) on the Closing Date, those listed on Schedule 4.13 hereto and (ii) thereafter, Pension Plans not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Pension Plan, did not, as of the close of its most recent plan year, exceed by more than 10,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of such Pension Plan allocable to such accrued benefits (determined in both cases using the applicable assumptions under Section 430 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder), and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Pension Plans did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 10,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Pension Plans (determined in both cases using the applicable assumptions under Section 430 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder). 
 4.14 Foreign Plans. 
 (a) As of the Closing Date, no UK Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is or has at any time been (i) an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (both terms as defined in the United Kingdom s Pensions Schemes Act 1993) or (ii) connected with or an associate (as those terms are used in sections 38 and 43 of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 2004) of such an employer. 
 (b) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, all employer and employee contributions (including insurance premiums) required from any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates by applicable law or by the terms of any Foreign Plan (including any policy held thereunder) have been made, or, if applicable, accrued in accordance with normal accounting practices. 
 113 

(c) As of the Closing Date, the present value of the aggregate accumulated benefit obligations of all Foreign Plans (based on those assumptions used to fund such Foreign Plans) with respect to all current and former participants did not, as of the last annual valuation date applicable thereto, exceed the fair market value of the assets of all such Foreign Plans. 
 (d) Each Foreign Plan that is required to be registered has been registered and has been maintained in good standing with the applicable regulatory authorization and is in compliance with (i) all material provisions of applicable law and regulations applicable to such Foreign Plan and (ii) the terms of such Foreign Plan. 
 (e) Reserved . 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all representations and warranties made in this Section 4.14 with respect to the Target and its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date are made solely to the knowledge of the Parent Borrower. 
 4.15 Investment Company Act Other Regulations . No Loan Party is an investment company , or a company controlled by an investment company , within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. No Loan Party is subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law (other than Regulation X) that limits its ability to incur Indebtedness. 
 4.16 Subsidiaries Capital Stock . As of the Closing Date, (a) Schedule 4.16 sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization of each Subsidiary and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage of each class of Capital Stock owned by any Loan Party and (b) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options and restricted stock units granted to employees or directors and directors qualifying shares) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, except (i) with respect to Capital Stock of Loan Parties, as created by the Loan Documents or the Term Loan Documents and (ii) otherwise, as permitted by this Agreement. 
 4.17 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Revolving Loans, the Swingline Loans and the Letters of Credit, shall be used for general corporate purposes of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including working capital needs, Permitted Acquisitions and other Investments permitted by this Agreement). For the avoidance of doubt, the proceeds of the US Revolving Loans may be used to pay a portion of the Transaction Costs. 
 4.18 Environmental Matters . Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (a) the facilities and properties owned, leased or operated by any Group Member (the Properties do not contain, and have not previously contained, any Materials of Environmental Concern in amounts or concentrations or under circumstances that constitute or constituted a violation of, or could give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law 
 (b) no Group Member has received or is aware of any notice of violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Properties or the business operated by any Group Member (the Business ), nor do the Borrowers have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received or is being threatened 
 114 

(c) Materials of Environmental Concern have not been transported or disposed of from the Properties in violation of, or in a manner or to a location that could give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law, nor have any Materials of Environmental Concern been generated, treated, stored or disposed of at, on or under any of the Properties in violation of, or in a manner that could give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Law 
 (d) no judicial proceeding or governmental or administrative action is pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened, under any Environmental Law to which any Group Member is or will be named as a party with respect to the Properties or the Business, nor are there any consent decrees or other decrees, consent orders, administrative orders or other orders, or other administrative or judicial requirements outstanding under any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business 
 (e) there has been no release or threat of release of Materials of Environmental Concern at or from the Properties, or arising from or related to the operations of any Group Member in connection with the Properties or otherwise in connection with the Business, in violation of or in amounts or in a manner that could give rise to liability under Environmental Laws 
 (f) the Properties and all operations at the Properties are in compliance, and have in the last five years been in compliance, with all applicable Environmental Laws, and there is no contamination at, under or about the Properties or violation of any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business and 
 (g) no Group Member has assumed any liability of any other Person under Environmental Laws. 
 4.19 Accuracy of Information, etc. The statements and information contained in this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Confidential Information Memorandum and the other documents, certificates and statements furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, did not contain as of the date such statements, information, documents or certificates were so furnished (or, in the case of the Confidential Information Memorandum, as of the Closing Date), any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in any material respect. The projections and pro forma financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Parent Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. There is no fact known to any Loan Party that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been expressly disclosed herein, in the other Loan Documents, in the Confidential Information Memorandum or in any other documents, certificates and statements furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents. As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of the Parent Borrower, the information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Closing Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all representations and warranties made in this Section 4.19 with respect to any information relating to the Target and its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date are made solely to the knowledge of the Borrower. 
 115 

4.20 Security Documents . (a) Each Security Document is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof. In the case of the Pledged Collateral consisting of the certificated Capital Stock described in the Security Documents, when such Pledged Collateral is delivered (in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) to the Administrative Agent or the Term Loan Administrative Agent (together with a properly completed and signed undated endorsement), in the case of Collateral consisting of Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts, when such Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts located in the U.S. or other applicable jurisdiction, as applicable, are subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement and in the case of the other Collateral described in the Security Documents that can be perfected by the filing of such financing statement or other filing, when financing statements and other filings specified on Schedule 4.20(a) in appropriate form are filed in the offices specified on Schedule 4.20(a), the Security Documents shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral and the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations, in each case prior and superior in right to the Lien of any other Person (except (i) in the case of Collateral other than Capital Stock, Liens permitted by Section 7.3 and (ii) in the case of Collateral consisting of Capital Stock, Liens on such Collateral securing the obligations outstanding under the Term Loan Documents and other Indebtedness permitted under the Loan Documents to be incurred and secured pari passu to the obligations outstanding under the Term Loan Documents and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement). 
 (b) Each of the Mortgages, upon execution and delivery by the parties thereto, is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable Lien on the Mortgaged Properties described therein and proceeds thereof, and when the Mortgages are filed in the offices specified in the local counsel legal opinions delivered in connection with such Mortgages, each such Mortgage shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in the Mortgaged Properties and the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations (as defined in the relevant Mortgage), in each case prior and superior in right to the Lien of any other Person (except Liens permitted by Section 7.3). Schedule 1.1C lists, as of the Closing Date, each parcel of owned real property and held by any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor upon which a Mortgage will be granted to the Administrative Agent. 
 4.21 Solvency . As of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the Transactions, (i) the Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent and (ii) each European Co-Borrower, on an individual basis, is Solvent. 
 4.22 Senior Indebtedness . The Obligations, and the obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under the Guarantee Agreement, constitute senior debt or senior indebtedness (or any comparable term) under all Indebtedness that is subordinated or required to be subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations (if applicable). 
 4.23 Flood Laws . Other than as set forth in any life of loan flood hazard determination obtained by, or delivered to, the Administrative Agent, no Mortgage encumbers improved real property that is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the Flood Laws. 
 4.24 Certain Documents . The Parent Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent a complete and correct copy of the Acquisition Documentation, including, to the extent material to, or otherwise affecting, the interests of the Lenders, any amendments, supplements or modifications with respect thereto. 
 116 

4.25 Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions . Each Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to require material compliance by such Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions, and such Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees, and to the knowledge of such Borrower, its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in such Borrower being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (a) any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors or officers, or (b) to the knowledge of any Borrower, any employee or agent of any Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Loan or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or applicable Sanctions. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. This Section 4.25 does not apply to any German Borrower to the extent it would violate section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Ordinance Au enwirtschaftsverordnung ), any provision of Council Regulation (EC) 2271 1996 or any similar applicable anti-boycott law or regulation binding on that German Borrower. 
 4.26 EEA Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
 4.27 Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions . None of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution and delivery of, nor performance of the transactions contemplated under, this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 4.28 Centre of Main Interests and Establishments. For the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2015 848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) (or any equivalent provision(s) of any applicable successor to the regulation which may apply from time to time of any of the European Loan Parties) (the Regulation ), (a) each European Loan Party s centre of main interests (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulation) is situated in its jurisdiction of incorporation and (b) as of the Closing Date, no European Loan Party has any establishment (as that term is used in Article 2(10) of the Regulation) in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 SECTION 5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 5.1 Conditions to Initial Extension of Credit . The agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, prior to or concurrently with the making of such extension of credit on the Closing Date, of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent, each Borrower and each Person listed on Schedule 1.1A, (ii) the Guarantee Agreement, executed and delivered by each Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, (iii) subject to Section 6.13, each Security Document, executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Loan Parties and (iv) the Intercreditor Agreement, executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent, each Borrower and each Person party thereto. 
 117 

(b) Acquisition . Substantially concurrently with the occurrence of the Closing Date and promptly following the making by each Lender of its initial extension of credit hereunder, the Equity Contribution shall have been made and the Acquisition shall have been consummated pursuant to the Acquisition Documentation, and no provision thereof shall have been amended or waived, and no consent or direction shall have been given thereunder, in any manner materially adverse to the interests of the Arrangers or the Lenders without the prior written consent of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) (it being understood and agreed that any amendment, waiver, consent or direction that results in (i) an increase to the purchase price shall be deemed to not be materially adverse to the Lenders so long as such increase is funded solely with an issuance of common stock of the Parent Borrower or other equity reasonably acceptable to the Arrangers, and (ii) a decrease to the purchase price shall be deemed to not be materially adverse to the Lenders so long as (A) such reduction is allocated to reduce the commitments under the Term Loans and (B) such reduction (other than pursuant to any purchase price or similar adjustment provision set forth in the Acquisition Agreement) does not decrease the purchase price by more than 10 (cumulative for all such reductions)). 
 (c) Other Indebtedness . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that on or prior to the Closing Date (x) the Term Loan Credit Agreement is in full force and effect and (y) the Parent Borrower received at least 1,386,433,810.16 plus 617,718,034.23 in gross cash proceeds from borrowings under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Prior to or substantially concurrently with the initial extensions of credit under this Agreement on the Closing Date, (A) the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2016, among the Parent Borrower, the Subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower, each lender party thereto and BMO Harris Bank N.A., as administrative agent, (B) the syndicated loan agreement dated December 18, 2017 entered into between, among others, EHG and Rental Alliance GmbH REN as borrowers, EHG, REN and other Companies as guarantors, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as facility agent and several financial institutions as lenders providing for a revolving credit facility in the amount of 300,000,000 and (C) all other existing material Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Continuing External Debt) of the Parent Borrower, the Target and their respective Subsidiaries, in each case shall have been paid in full (such repayment, the Existing Indebtedness Refinancing and all Liens granted in connection with each of the foregoing shall have been terminated such that on the Closing Date, after giving effect to Transactions, none of the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have any material Indebtedness for borrowed money other than (i) any Indebtedness outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, (ii) Indebtedness outstanding under this Agreement, (iii) the Continuing External Debt and (iv) other Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.2(e). 
 (e) Pro Forma Financial Statements Financial Statements . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the Pro Forma Financial Statements, and (ii) the financial statements set forth in Sections 4.1(b) and (c). 
 (f) Fees . All costs, fees and expenses required to be paid by the Parent Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Documentation Agent and the Lenders in connection with this Agreement (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of legal counsel to the Administrative Agent) and all costs, fees and expenses required to be paid by the Parent Borrower pursuant to the fee letter, dated as of September 18, 2018 (as amended, modified and supplemented through the Closing Date), among the Parent Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of legal counsel to the JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC) shall have been paid or shall have been authorized to be deducted from the proceeds of the initial extensions of credit under this Agreement 
 118 

to the extent due and invoiced to the Parent Borrower not less than two Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 
 (g) Closing Certificate Certified Certificate of Incorporation Good Standing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Closing Date, substantially in the applicable form of Exhibit F, with appropriate insertions and attachments as provided therein, including the certificate of incorporation of each Loan Party that is a corporation certified (if applicable) by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and (ii) a long form good standing certificate for each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization (if applicable). The certificate referred to in (i) shall, in addition, with respect to a limited liability company established under the laws of Germany (a GmbH ), attach the articles of association, the shareholder list, an excerpt from the commercial register, and any other organizational agreement applicable to it and with respect to a limited liability partnership established under the laws of Germany (a KG ), the partnership agreement, an excerpt from the commercial register, and any other organizational agreement applicable to it, with respect to a limited liability company established under the laws of England and Wales, the certificate of incorporation, the memorandum of association, the articles of association (and any amendments thereto) and a specimen signature of each person authorized by the resolutions attached to the certificate described above in paragraph (g)(i) above in relation to the Loan Documents and related documents. 
 (h) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received the executed legal opinions of the applicable Baker & McKenzie member firms, as New York and German counsel to the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, and certain other local counsel to the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, each in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and a legal opinion of Mayer Brown International LLP, as English counsel to the Administrative Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (i) Pledged Stock Stock Powers Pledged Notes . The Term Loan Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the certificates representing the shares of Capital Stock pledged pursuant to the US Security Documents, together with an undated endorsement for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof and (ii) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the US Security Documents endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof provided that if, notwithstanding the use by the Loan Parties of commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden or expense) to deliver to the Term Loan Administrative Agent the certificates and undated stock powers required by clause (i) above and the promissory notes and related transfer forms required by clause (ii) above, such certificates, stock powers, promissory notes and or transfer forms are not delivered as of the Closing Date, delivery of such items (other than any certificates representing the shares of Capital Stock of Domestic Subsidiaries) shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it (but shall be required to be satisfied within 90 days of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent or the Term Loan Representative may agree in its reasonable discretion)). 
 (j) Filings, Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) required by the US Security Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 7.3), shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation provided that if, notwithstanding the use by the Loan Parties of commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden and expense) to satisfy the requirement set forth in this Section 5.1(j), such requirement is 
 119 

not satisfied as of the Closing Date, the satisfaction of such requirement (other than with respect to the filing of any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it (but shall be required to be satisfied within 90 days of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)). 
 (k) Mortgages, etc . (i) The applicable Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor shall, with respect to each Mortgaged Property, deliver to the Administrative Agent, as mortgagee or beneficiary, as applicable, for the ratable benefit of itself and the Secured Parties, fully executed counterparts of Mortgages, duly executed and acknowledged by such Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor, and otherwise in form for recording in the recording office of each applicable political subdivision where each such Mortgaged Property is situated, together with such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be required in connection with the recording of filing thereof and evidence of the completion (or satisfactory arrangements for the completion) of all recordings and filings of such Mortgage (and payment of any taxes or fees in connection therewith), together with any necessary fixture filings, as may be necessary to create a valid, perfected Lien, with the priority required by the Intercreditor Agreement, subject to Permitted Liens, against the Mortgaged Properties purported to be covered thereby. 
 (ii) If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall have received, and the title insurance company issuing the policy referred to in clause below (the Title Insurance Company shall have received, maps or plats of an as-built survey of the sites of the Mortgaged Properties certified to the Administrative Agent and the Title Insurance Company in a manner reasonably satisfactory to them, dated a date reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Title Insurance Company by an independent professional licensed land surveyor satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Title Insurance Company, or in lieu thereof, or existing surveys, together with any affidavits required by the Title Insurance Company as shall be sufficient to enable the Title Insurance Company to remove any standard survey exceptions from the Mortgaged Policies and issue customary survey-dependent endorsements to the applicable Mortgage Policy. 
 (iii) The Administrative Agent shall have received mortgagee s title insurance policies in favor of the Administrative Agent, and its successors and or assigns, in the form necessary, with respect to the property purported to be covered by the applicable Mortgages, to insure that the interests created by the Mortgages constitute valid Liens thereon, with the priority required by the Intercreditor Agreement, free and clear of all Liens, defects and encumbrances, other than Permitted Liens, and such policies shall also include, to the extent reasonably available in the jurisdiction where the applicable Mortgaged Property is located, all such endorsements as shall be reasonably required in transactions of similar size and purpose and shall be accompanied by evidence of the payment in full by applicable Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor of all premiums thereon (or that satisfactory arrangements for such payment have been made). The Administrative Agent shall also have received evidence satisfactory to it that all charges for mortgage recording taxes and all related expenses, if any, have been paid. 
 120 

(iv) The Administrative Agent shall have received with respect to any portion of the Mortgaged Property that has improvements and is located in the United States (A) a Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the applicable Borrower or the applicable Loan Party in the event any such property is located in a special flood hazard area) and (B) evidence of flood insurance as required by Section 6.5(b). 
 (v) The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of all recorded documents referred to, or listed as exceptions to title in, the title policy or policies referred to in clause (iii) above. 
 (vi) The Administrative Agent shall have received, with respect to each of the Mortgaged Properties owned on the Closing Date, such local counsel opinions and opinions of counsel in the jurisdiction of organization of the owner of the applicable Mortgaged Properties. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 5.1(k), if the Loan Parties have used commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden and expense) to satisfy the requirements set forth in this Section 5.1(k) and such requirements are not satisfied as of the Closing Date, the satisfaction of such requirements shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it (but shall be required to be satisfied within 150 days of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent or the Term Loan Representative may agree in its reasonable discretion)). 
 (l) Solvency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower in the form of Exhibit L. 
 (m) Specified Representations . Each of the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if qualified by materiality) on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such Specified Representations shall have been so true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if qualified by materiality) on and as of such earlier date. 
 (n) Local Law Security Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received, (i) solely with respect to the Capital Stock of any material Foreign Subsidiary that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of any Domestic Loan Party that constitutes Collateral, all local law pledge, charge or similar agreements in respect of such Capital Stock in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to the extent corresponding documentation is delivered pursuant to the Term Loan Credit Agreement and (ii) solely with respect to the Foreign Loan Parties, (x) all local law security, pledge, charge or similar agreements in respect of such Foreign Loan Party s Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, in each case duly executed and delivered by the relevant Loan Party and the Administrative Agent, (y) all other documentation and instruments the Administrative Agent deems necessary or reasonably advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected security interest in such Collateral under the relevant local law that is prior and superior in right to the Lien of any other Person including, without limitation, a solvency certificate with respect to the relevant Loan Parties to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, corporate authorities and relevant Deposit Account Control Agreements and (z) local law opinions relating to such local law pledge, charge or similar agreement, which opinions shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 5.1(n), and to the extent the Loan Parties have rights under the Acquisition Agreement, if the Loan Parties have used commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden and expense) to 
 121 

satisfy the requirements set forth in this Section 5.1(n) and such requirements are not satisfied by the Closing Date, the satisfaction of such requirements shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it to the Parent Borrower (but shall be required to be satisfied within 90 days of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)). For the avoidance of doubt, until all relevant German Security Documents and UK Security Documents have been entered into pursuant to this paragraph, the UK Borrowing Base and the German Borrowing Bases shall be zero. 
 (o) Patriot Act . (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information about any Loan Party reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in writing at least 10 Business Days prior to the Closing Date and that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines is required by United States bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and (ii) to the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Parent Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Closing Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to each Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 (p) Inventory Appraisal and Field Examination . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a field examination conducted by the Administrative Agent or its designee of the Accounts, Inventory and related working capital matters of the Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its Subsidiaries) and of the related data processing and other systems of the Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its Subsidiaries), the results of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and (ii) an appraisal of the Inventory of the Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its Subsidiaries) from a firm (or firms) satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which appraisal(s) shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 (q) Borrowing Base Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a completed Borrowing Base Certificate, prepared as of December 31, 2018 (other than with respect to the Target and its Subsidiaries). 
 (r) Deposit Account Control Agreements . The Administrative Agent shall have received Deposit Account Control Agreements required to be delivered pursuant to the Security Documents in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided that if, notwithstanding the use by the Loan Parties of commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden and expense) to satisfy the requirement set forth in this Section 5.1(r), such requirement is not satisfied as of the Closing Date, the satisfaction of such requirement shall not be a condition to the agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of credit requested to be made by it (but shall be required to be satisfied within 120 days of the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)). 
 For the purpose of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 5.1, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have accepted, and to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required under this Section 5.1. 
 122 

5.2 Conditions to Each Extension of Credit . The agreement of each Lender to make any extension of credit requested to be made by it on any date (other than its initial extension of credit on the Closing Date, a conversion of the Loans to the other Type and a continuation of Term Benchmark Loans and other than with respect to any Protective Advance) is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if qualified by materiality) on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been so true and correct as of such earlier date. 
 (b) No Default . No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date or after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. 
 Each borrowing by and issuance of a Letter of Credit on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (other than the initial extensions of credit on the Closing Date and other than with respect to a Protective Advance) shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrowers as of the date of such extension of credit that the conditions contained in this Section 5.2 have been satisfied. 
 
 SECTION 6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 The Parent Borrower hereby agrees that, so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any Loan or other amount is owing to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Parent Borrower shall and, in the case of Sections 6.3 through 6.8, 6.10, 6.12 and 6.13, shall cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to 
 6.1 Financial Statements . Furnish to the Administrative Agent (for prompt delivery to each Lender) 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent Borrower (or such later date as otherwise permitted by the SEC), a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related audited consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, reported on without a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing provided that such report may contain a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, if such qualification or exception is related solely to an upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement or the Term Loan Credit Agreement) 
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Parent Borrower (or such later date as otherwise permitted by the SEC), the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for such quarter and or the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, as required by applicable SEC rules, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of the previous fiscal year (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of the previous fiscal year), certified by a Responsible Officer as 
 123 

being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes) and 
 (c) if any Unrestricted Subsidiary exists, concurrently with each delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, financial statements (of the same type as the financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above, as applicable, except that no such financial statements delivered pursuant to this clause (c) shall be required to be audited) prepared on the basis of consolidating the accounts of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and treating any Unrestricted Subsidiaries as if they were not consolidated with the Parent Borrower, together with an explanation of reconciliation adjustments in reasonable detail. 
 All such financial statements shall be complete and correct in all material respects and shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed in reasonable detail therein) consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods. 
 As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.2(d), the Parent Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under Section 6.1(a), (b) or (c) or Section 6.2(c), but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Parent Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in Section 6.1(a), (b) and (c) or Section 6.2(c) at the times specified therein. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a), (b) or (c) or Section 6.2(c) or (d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which (i) such documents are posted on the Parent Borrower s behalf on IntraLinks IntraAgency or another relevant Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) or (ii) such documents are filed of record with the SEC provided that, upon written request by the Administrative Agent, the Parent Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain or deliver to Lenders paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Parent Borrower with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 6.2 Certificates Borrowing Base Other Information . Furnish to the Administrative Agent (for prompt delivery to each Lender) 
 (a) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Sections 6.1(a) and 6.1(b), (i) a Compliance Certificate executed by a Responsible Officer, which Compliance Certificate shall (x) include a statement that, to each such Responsible Officer s knowledge, each Loan Party during such period has observed or performed all of its covenants and other agreements, and satisfied every condition contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party to be observed, performed or satisfied by it, and that such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default except as specified in such certificate, and (y) in the case of quarterly or annual financial statements, set forth, in reasonable detail, the calculation of the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Reference Period ending as of the last day of the fiscal year or fiscal quarter for which financial statements are being delivered pursuant to Section 6.1 and (ii) in the case of quarterly or annual financial statements, to the extent not previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent, (x) a description of any change in the jurisdiction of organization of any Loan Party, (y) a list of any material registered Intellectual Property acquired or created by any Loan Party and (z) a description 
 124 

of any Person that has become a Group Member, an Immaterial Subsidiary, a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary, in each case since the date of the most recent report delivered pursuant to this clause (ii) (or, in the case of the first such report so delivered, since the Closing Date) 
 (b) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a detailed consolidated budget for the following fiscal year (including a projected consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of the following fiscal year, the related consolidated statements of projected cash flow and projected income) (collectively, the Projections ), which Projections shall in each case be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer stating that such Projections are based on reasonable estimates, information and assumptions and that such Responsible Officer has no reason to believe that such Projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect 
 (c) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Parent Borrower (or 90 days, in the case of the fourth fiscal quarter of each fiscal year) (or, in case, such later date as otherwise permitted by the SEC for the filing of materials by Parent Borrower that will include the information required by this Section 6.2(c)), a narrative management discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter, as compared to the comparable periods of the previous year 
 (d) promptly after the same are sent, copies of all financial statements and reports that the Parent Borrower sends to the holders of any class of its public debt securities or public equity securities and, promptly after the same are filed, copies of all financial statements and reports that the Parent Borrower may make to, or file with, the SEC 
 (e) promptly following receipt thereof, copies of any documents described in Section 101(k) or 101(l) of ERISA that any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan or any documents described in Section 101(f) of ERISA that any Group Member or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Pension Plan provided , that if the relevant Group Members or ERISA Affiliates have not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plans, then, upon reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, such Group Member or the ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and the Parent Borrower shall provide copies of such documents and notices to the Administrative Agent promptly after receipt thereof 
 (f) (subject to Section 6.2(g) with respect to the information to be provided in relation to the European Co-Borrowers), as soon as available but in any event within (x) in the case of a US Borrower, 23 Business Days following the end of each calendar month (or if Total Revolving Extensions of Credit are less than 15 of the Borrowing Base on each day during a calendar month (other than a calendar month upon which a quarterly period ends), 23 Business Days following the end of such next fiscal quarter) and within five Business Days of the end of each week during a Reporting Trigger Period, and (y) in the case of a European Co-Borrower, on the 23rd Business Day following the end of any calendar month upon which a quarterly period ends and within five Business Days of the end of each week during a Reporting Trigger Period, as of the last day of the period then ended, a Borrowing Base Certificate and the information supporting the Borrowing Base calculation required by the Borrowing Base Certificate, including, without limitation, the following information described under Section 6.2(f)(i) through (vii) (in each case as modified from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion)) (such information being the Borrowing Base Information 
 125 

(i) reconciliations of the Borrowers Accounts as shown on the month-end Borrowing Base Certificate for the immediately preceding month to the Borrowers accounts receivable agings, to the Borrowers general ledger and to Borrowers most recent financial statements 
 (ii) accounts payable report (including, when available, accounts payable agings) 
 (iii) accounts receivable agings 
 (iv) a worksheet of calculations prepared by the Borrowers to determine Eligible Accounts and Eligible Inventory, such worksheets detailing the Accounts and Inventory excluded from Eligible Accounts and Eligible Inventory and the reason for such exclusion 
 (v) when available and in a form consistent with past practices, reconciliations of the Borrowers Inventory to the Borrowers general ledger and to the Borrowers financial statements, in each case, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and 
 (vi) when available and in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, Inventory status reports, all with supporting materials as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request 
 (vii) promptly, such additional financial and other information as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request in its Permitted Discretion. 
 (g) in relation to the European Co-Borrowers only if, at any time, (x) Availability is less than 30 of Total Commitments for a period of five consecutive days or (y) Availability is less than 25 of Total Commitments at any time, (each being an Availability Trigger ), (A) within fifteen Business Days of an Availability Trigger, the Borrowing Base Information and (B) while an Availability Trigger is continuing, within 20 Business Days of the end of each calendar month (or on the 23rd day following the end of any calendar month upon which a quarterly period ends) and within five Business Days of the end of each week during a Reporting Trigger Period, as of the last day of the period then ended, the Borrowing Base Information, provided that, if Availability is greater than 30 of Total Commitments for a period of 30 consecutive days, the frequency by which the Borrowing Base Information which is required to be delivered by the European Co-Borrowers shall be as determined by Section 6.2(f). Nothing in this Section 6.2(g) shall impact the frequency of the delivery of the Borrowing Base Information by any Borrower other than the European Co-Borrowers 
 (h) promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request, in the Administrative Agent s Permitted Discretion 
 (i) copies of invoices issued by the Borrowers in connection with any Accounts, credit memos, shipping and delivery documents, and other information related thereto 
 (ii) copies of purchase orders, invoices, and shipping and delivery documents in connection with any Inventory or Equipment purchased by any Loan Party and 
 (iii) a schedule detailing the balance of all intercompany accounts of the Loan Parties 
 126 

(i) promptly following any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 (j) as soon as available, but in any event by the time of delivery of the Borrowing Base Information pursuant to Sections 6.2(f) and (g) (and, in the event that Adjusted Excess Availability is less than 85,000,000, on a daily basis, but solely with respect to the Foreign Qualifying Accounts and the Specified Accounts), the daily cash balance of Qualified Unrestricted Cash. 
 6.3 Payment of Obligations . Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all its material obligations of whatever nature (including Taxes), except where (a) the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves to the extent required by GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member or (b) the failure to make such payments, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.4 Maintenance of Existence Compliance . (a) (i) Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by Section 7.4 and except, in the case of clause (ii) above, to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (b) comply with all Contractual Obligations and Requirements of Law except to the extent that failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to require material compliance by the Parent Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. This Section 6.4(b) and (c) shall only apply to the extent that it does not violate section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Ordinance Au enwirtschaftsverordnung ), any provision of Council Regulation (EC) 2271 1996 or any similar applicable anti-boycott law or regulation binding on a German Borrower. 
 6.5 Maintenance of Property Insurance . (a) Keep all property necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to so maintain such property could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all its property in at least such amounts and against at least such risks as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business. 
 (b) If any Borrower learns that any portion of any property subject to a Mortgage located in the United States is at any time located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the Flood Laws, then the Parent Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, with a financially sound and reputable insurer, flood insurance in an amount and otherwise sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Laws. If any portion of any property subject to a Mortgage is at any time located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the Flood Laws, then the Parent Borrower shall (i) cooperate with the Administrative Agent and provide information reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to comply with the Flood Laws and (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, including, without limitation, evidence of annual renewals of such insurance. 
 127 

6.6 Inspection of Property Books and Records Discussions Appraisals Field Examinations . (a) (i) Keep proper books of records and account in which full, true and correct (in all material respects) entries in conformity with GAAP and all Requirements of Law shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and (ii) upon reasonable prior notice, permit representatives of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records at any reasonable time and as often as may reasonably be desired and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Group Members with officers and employees of the Group Members and, accompanied by one or more officers or designees of the applicable Borrower if requested by such Borrower, with their independent certified public accountants provided that excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default (x) only the Administrative Agent, acting individually or on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights under this Section 6.6(a)(ii) and (y) the Administrative Agent shall not exercise rights under this Section 6.6(a)(ii) more often than one time during any calendar year. 
 (b) No more than once in each twelve month period, at the request of the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties will cooperate with an appraiser selected and engaged by the Administrative Agent to provide Inventory appraisals or updates thereof, prepared on a basis reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such appraisals and updates to include information required by applicable law and regulations provided that (i) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, there shall be no limitation on the number or frequency of such appraisals (which shall be performed at the discretion of the Administrative Agent) and (ii) if Adjusted Excess Availability is less than the greater of (x) 10 of the Line Cap and (y) 60,000,000 for a period of five consecutive Business Days, or if the cost of such appraisal is borne by the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties will cooperate with the Administrative Agent to provide such appraisals (at the request of the Administrative Agent) up to one additional time during the twelve month period commencing with any month during which clause (ii) is triggered (or such cost is borne). For purposes of this Section 6.6(b), it is understood and agreed that a single appraisal may consist of appraisals conducted at multiple relevant sites and involve one or more relevant Loan Parties and their assets provided that, with respect to a request for an appraisal exam at a given time, such request shall apply to all the Loan Parties to which such request will be applicable in a single request. All such appraisals shall be commenced upon reasonable notice to the Parent Borrower and performed during normal business hours of the applicable Borrower, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs of such appraisals shall be at the sole expense of the Loan Parties (unless borne by the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (ii) above). 
 (c) No more than once in each twelve month period, at the request of the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties will permit, upon reasonable notice, the Administrative Agent or its designee to conduct a field examination to ensure the adequacy of Collateral included in any Borrowing Base and related reporting and control systems provided that (i) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, there shall be no limitation on the number or frequency of such field examinations (which shall be performed at the discretion of the Administrative Agent) and (ii) if Adjusted Excess Availability is less than the greater of (x) 10 of the Line Cap and (y) 60,000,000 for a period of five consecutive Business Days, or if the cost of such field exam is borne by the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties will permit the Administrative Agent to conduct such examinations (at the request of the Administrative Agent) up to one additional time during the twelve month period commencing with any month during which clause (ii) above is triggered (or such cost is borne). For purposes of this Section 6.6(c), it is understood and agreed that (i) a single field examination may be conducted at multiple relevant sites and involve one or more relevant Loan Parties and their assets and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate any such field exams provided that, with respect to a request for a field exam at a given time, such request shall apply to all the Loan Parties to which such request will be applicable in a single request. All such field examinations shall be commenced 
 128 

upon reasonable notice to the Parent Borrower and performed during normal business hours of the applicable Borrower, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs of such field examinations shall be at the sole expense of the Loan Parties (unless borne by the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (ii) above). 
 6.7 Notices . Promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent (for prompt delivery to each Lender) 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default 
 (b) any (i) default or event of default under any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member or (ii) litigation, investigation or proceeding that may exist at any time between any Group Member and any Governmental Authority, that in either case, if not cured or if adversely determined, as the case may be, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) any litigation or proceeding affecting any Group Member (i) in which the amount involved is 100,000,000 or more and not covered by insurance, (ii) in which injunctive or similar relief is sought or (iii) which relates to any Loan Document 
 (d) (i) as soon as reasonably possible upon becoming aware of the occurrence of or forthcoming occurrence of any material ERISA Event, a written notice specifying the nature thereof, what action the Borrower, any of the other Group Members or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has taken, is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the IRS, the Department of Labor or the PBGC with respect thereto and (ii) with reasonable promptness, upon the Administrative Agent s reasonable request, copies of (1) each Schedule SB (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by the Borrower, any of the other Group Members or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates with the IRS with respect to each Pension Plan (2) all notices received by the Borrower, any of the other Group Members or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor concerning a material ERISA Event and (3) copies of such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Plan or Pension Plan as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request 
 (e) as soon as possible and in any event within three Business Days of becoming aware (i) of an investigation or proposed investigation by the Pensions Regulator which is reasonably likely to lead to the issue of a Financial Support Direction or a Contribution Notice in relation to any Foreign Plan, (ii) that any amount is due to any Foreign Plan pursuant to sections 75 or 75A of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 1995, (iii) that an amount is payable under sections 75 or 75A of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 1995 (in each case with respect to (i), (ii) or (iii), describing such matter or event and the action proposed to be taken with respect thereto) and (iv) of any material change to the rate or basis to the employer contributions to a Foreign Plan and 
 (f) reserved and 
 (g) any other development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 129 

Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the relevant Group Member proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 6.8 Environmental Laws . (a) Comply with, and ensure compliance by all tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws, and obtain and comply with and maintain, and ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and comply with and maintain, any and all licenses, approvals, notifications, registrations or permits required by applicable Environmental Laws, in each case, except for events or matters that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Promptly comply with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws, other than such orders and directives as to which an appeal has been timely and properly taken in good faith, and provided that the pendency of any and all such appeals could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.9 Additional Loan Parties . (a)Promptly upon any Domestic Subsidiary no longer being an Excluded Subsidiary after the Closing Date or promptly after the formation or acquisition of a Domestic Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary (and in any event within 60 days thereof (or such longer period of time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree)), the Parent Borrower will (i) cause such Domestic Subsidiary to guarantee the Obligations, pursuant to a Guarantee substantially in the form of the Guarantee Agreement or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) (x) cause the Obligations to be secured by a perfected first-priority lien on all of the personal property (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, real property which is covered by Section 6.10(b) and Excluded Assets) of such Domestic Subsidiary, pursuant to the US Security Agreement and other such documents and instruments including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements required by law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded so that the Administrative Agent, for its benefit and the ratable benefit of the Lenders, shall have a legal, valid and enforceable perfected first-priority Lien on the Collateral (and subject to any limitations and exceptions consistent with those contained in any such documents or instruments) and (y) cause all outstanding Capital Stock of such Domestic Subsidiary (other than to the extent constituting Excluded Assets) owned directly or indirectly by any Loan Party to be subject to a perfected first-priority Lien pursuant to the US Security Agreement and (iii) deliver such proof of corporate, partnership or limited liability company action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is consistent with those delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 or as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested. 
 (b) The Parent Borrower may from time to time add any Wholly Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary and that is also a Domestic Subsidiary or a Foreign Subsidiary organized in Canada, Germany or England and Wales as a Subsidiary Guarantor by (i) causing such Subsidiary to enter into the Guarantee Agreement, applicable Security Documents and taking such other actions and delivering such other documentation and instruments as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) delivering such proof of corporate, partnership or limited liability company action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is consistent with those delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 or as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested provided however, any such Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary shall not guarantee the Obligations if it is a CFC Subsidiary whose provision of such guaranty would be an investment in United States property by a CFC within the meaning of Sections 956 and 957 of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder that is taken into account in the income of a direct or indirect owner of such CFC Subsidiary pursuant to Section 951(a)(1)(B) of the Code. 
 130 

6.10 Additional Collateral, etc. (a) Subject to any applicable limitations set forth in the Security Documents, with respect to any property acquired from time to time by any Loan Party (other than (w) any property described in paragraph (b) below or Excluded Assets, (x) any property subject to a Lien expressly permitted by Section 7.3(g), (y) so long as the Term Loan Obligations Payment Date has not occurred, any Term Loan Priority Collateral as to which the Term Loan Representative and the Parent Borrower reasonably agree in writing that the cost of obtaining a security interest therein is excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby and (z) any property (or, so long as the Term Loan Obligations Payment Date has not occurred, any property other than Term Loan Priority Collateral) as to which the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower reasonably agree in writing that the cost of obtaining a security interest therein is excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby) as to which the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, does not have a perfected Lien, promptly (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such amendments to the Security Documents or such other documents as the Administrative Agent deems necessary or reasonably advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in such property and (ii) take all actions necessary or reasonably advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected security interest in any such property (with the priority required by the Intercreditor Agreement), including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code (or analogous local law) financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be required by the Security Documents or by law or as may be requested by the Administrative Agent provided however, any such security interest shall not be provided by a CFC Subsidiary with respect to any Obligation to the extent it would be an investment in United States property by a CFC within the meaning of Sections 956 and 957 of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder that is taken into account in the income of a direct or indirect owner of such CFC Subsidiary pursuant to Section 951(a)(1)(B) of the Code. 
 (b) With respect to any fee interest in any real property at any location having a value (together with improvements thereof) of at least the Dollar Equivalent of 10,000,000 acquired after the Closing Date by any Domestic Loan Party (including a Person that owns such real property and becomes a Domestic Loan Party pursuant to Section 6.9) (other than (i) any such real property subject to a Lien expressly permitted by Section 7.3(g) or any Excluded Assets and (ii) any real property as to which the Administrative Agent (or, so long as the Term Loan Obligations Payment Date has not occurred, the Term Loan Representative) and the Parent Borrower reasonably agree in writing that the cost of obtaining a security interest therein is excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby), within sixty (60) days after the acquisition thereof (or 120 days in the case of the establishment or amendment of any Mortgage) (or such later date as the Administrative Agent (or, so long as the Term Loan Obligations Payment Date has not occurred, the Term Loan Representative) shall agree to in its sole discretion) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent the documents and instruments required under Section 5.1(k) (including any legal opinions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request). 
 (c) Subject to the terms of the Security Documents, the Parent Borrower will, and will cause each Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements), which may be required under any applicable law, or which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or to grant, preserve, protect or perfect the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents or the validity or priority of any such Lien, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regard to any property as referred to in Sections 6.10(a) and or 6.10(b) acquired from time to time by any European Loan Party, the obligations set forth in Sections 6.10(a) to 6.10(c) shall only apply to the extent that the assets in question would have been subject to the German Security Agreements or the UK Security Agreement if those assets had been 
 131 

owned by a European Loan Party as at the date on which such Security Documents were originally entered into. 
 6.11 Designation of Subsidiaries . The Parent Borrower may at any time after the Closing Date designate any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Borrower and EHG) as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary by delivering to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer specifying such designation and certifying that the conditions to such designation set forth in this Section 6.11 are satisfied provided that 
 (a) both immediately before and immediately after any such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (b) in the case of a designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, each Subsidiary of such Subsidiary has been, or concurrently therewith will be, designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with this Section 6.11 
 (c) in the case of a designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall substantially simultaneously be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary under the Term Loan Credit Agreement (and, to the extent applicable, any other agreement governing Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Term Loans) and in the case of a designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall substantially simultaneously be designated as a Restricted Subsidiary under the Term Loan Credit Agreement (and, to the extent applicable, any other agreement governing Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Term Loans). 
 The designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Parent Borrower in such Unrestricted Subsidiary on the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Parent Borrower s Investment therein (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Responsible Officer). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens, as the case may be, of such Subsidiary existing at such time. In no event shall any Intellectual Property be transferred directly or indirectly by the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries to an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 6.12 Control Agreements . (a) With respect to any new deposit account or securities account opened by a US Loan Party or that is no longer an Excluded Account after the Closing Date, to the extent required by the US Security Agreement, deliver to the Administrative Agent any Deposit Account Control Agreement required to be delivered pursuant to the US Security Agreement within 60 days thereof (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) With respect to any new deposit account or securities account opened by a European Loan Party or that is no longer an Excluded Account after the Closing Date, subject to any limitations set forth in any applicable Security Documents, ensure that such deposit account or securities account is subject to a perfected security interest pursuant to a Security Document and, to the extent required by the applicable Security Documents, deliver to the Administrative Agent a Deposit Account Control Agreement within 90 days thereof (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree), in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 132 

(b) Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, any Collection Account established in the Netherlands and identified to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date (and any successor or replacement account thereof established in the Netherlands) (the Dutch Collection Account shall not be required to be subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement provided that, in the event that the average daily collections into the Dutch Collection Account exceed a de minimis amount (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion), at the request of the Administrative Agent (exercised in its Permitted Discretion) the Borrower shall, within 90 days of the date such request is made by the Administrative Agent (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree), either (i) cause such Dutch Collection Account to be subject to a perfected security interest (in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) pursuant to a Security Document and Deposit Account Control Agreement or (ii) cause a Collection Account in substitution of such Dutch Collection Account to be subject to a perfected security interest (in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) pursuant to a Security Document and Deposit Account Control Agreement to receive collections in lieu of the Dutch Collection Account such that the average daily collections in the Dutch Collection Account are less than such de minimis amount. 
 6.13 Post-Closing Covenants . (a) Within 120 days from the Closing Date (or such longer period as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), (x) the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a field examination conducted by the Administrative Agent or its designee of the Accounts, Inventory and related working capital matters of the Target and its Subsidiaries and of the related data processing and other systems of the Target and its Subsidiaries, the results of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and (ii) an appraisal of the Inventory of the Target and its Subsidiaries from a firm (or firms) satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which appraisal(s) shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 (b) The Parent Borrower shall and shall cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to complete the items set forth on Schedule 6.13 within the time periods set forth therein (or such longer period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). 
 6.14 Foreign Plans. 
 (a) The Parent Borrower shall ensure that all Foreign Plans operated by or maintained for the benefit of itself, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates (each, a member of the Group and or any of their employees which are subject to the laws of the United Kingdom are fully funded based on the statutory funding objective under sections 221 and 222 of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 2004 and that no action or omission is taken by any member of the Group in relation to such a pension scheme which has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (including, without limitation, the termination or commencement of winding-up proceedings of any such pension scheme or any member of the Group ceasing to employ any member of such a pension scheme). 
 (b) The Parent Borrower shall ensure that no member of the Group is or has been at any time an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (both terms as defined in the United Kingdom s Pension Schemes Act 1993) or connected with or an associate of (as those terms are used in Sections 38 or 43 of the United Kingdom s Pensions Act 2004) such an employer. 
 (c) The Parent Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any material change in the rate of contributions to any pension schemes mentioned in Section 6.15(a) paid or recommended to be paid (whether by the scheme actuary or otherwise) or required (by law or otherwise). 
 133 

(d) Each Loan Party shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent if it is required to give notice to the Pensions Regulator of a notifiable event under Section 69 of the Pensions Act 2004. The relevant Loan Party shall, promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, supply the Administrative Agent with a copy of any notice given to the Pensions Regulator in respect of that notifiable event, together with such details of the event and the circumstances giving rise to it, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. 
 (e) Each Loan Party shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any investigation or proposed investigation by the Pensions Regulator which may lead to the issue of a Financial Support Direction or a Contribution Notice to it or any member of the Group. 
 (f) Each Loan Party shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent if it receives a Financial Support Direction or a Contribution Notice from the Pensions Regulator. 
 (g) All Foreign Plans established or maintained by any Loan Party shall comply with all provisions of the relevant law and employ reasonable actuarial assumptions, where relevant and no member of the Group shall have any unfunded liability in respect of any Foreign Plan except as could not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.15 Transfer of Accounts of European Loan Parties Notification of Account Debtors. 
 (a) At any time at the request of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion following the commencement of a Full Cash Dominion Period solely to the extent that any Collection Accounts of the Foreign Loan Parties are not subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement or reasonably equivalent arrangement at such time (as determined by the Administrative Agent), the European Loan Parties shall (a) (x) during the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, either (i) as soon as reasonably practicable cause all of their Collection Accounts (each an Existing Collection Account to be transferred to the name of the Administrative Agent or (ii) as soon as reasonably practicable open new Collection Accounts with (and, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, in the name of) the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent (such new bank accounts being Collection Accounts under and for the purposes of this Agreement), or (y) if such Full Cash Dominion Period does not involve an Event of Default that is continuing, and not in limitation of such sentence, provide for the sweep of such accounts in a manner consistent with the last sentence of this paragraph (including hereby authorizing the Administrative Agent as set forth therein) and (b) if new Collection Accounts have been established pursuant to this Section (each a New Collection Account ensure that the proceeds of all Accounts owing to them will immediately be re-directed to the New Collections Account. Until all such proceeds have been redirected to the New Collection Accounts, each European Loan Party shall cause all amounts on deposit in any Existing Collection Account to be transferred to a New Collection Account at the end of each Business Day, provided that if any such European Loan Party does not instruct such re-direction or transfer, each of them hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to give such instructions on their behalf to the applicable Account Debtors and or the account bank holding such Existing Collection Account (as applicable). 
 (b) At any time at the request of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each European Loan Party agrees that if any of its Account Debtors have not previously received notice of the security interest of the Administrative Agent over the Accounts, it shall promptly give notice to such Account Debtors and if any such European Loan Party does not serve such notice, each of them hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to serve such notice on their behalf. 
 134 

6.16 European Loan Party Cash Management. (a) Each European Loan Party will ensure that all proceeds of their Accounts are deposited (whether directly or indirectly) into segregated Collection Accounts only containing the proceeds of Accounts, in a manner that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent which Collection Accounts, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be used for general payment purposes provided, that no Collection Account shall be required to be segregated pursuant to this Section 6.16(a) prior to the date that is 120 days after the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion). 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be given sufficient access to each relevant Collection Account to ensure that the provisions of Section 2.11(c) are capable of being complied with including, without limitation, by having entered into a Deposit Account Control Agreement or other equivalent agreement with the account bank holding the relevant Collection Account requiring such account bank to follow the instructions of the Administrative Agent if instructions are given by it. 
 (c) Subject to Section 5.1(r), each European Loan Party will ensure that each of its Collection Accounts is subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement or other arrangement (including, but not limited to, a notice and acknowledgement) with similar effect. 
 6.17 Financial Assistance . Each European Loan Party shall comply in all respects with applicable legislation governing financial assistance and or capital maintenance, including Sections 678 and 679 of the United Kingdom s Companies Act 2006, and any equivalent and applicable provisions under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of each European Loan Party, including in relation to the execution of the Security Documents of each European Loan Party and payment of amounts due under this Agreement. 
 6.18 Centre of Main Interests and Establishments . Each European Loan Party shall ensure that its centre of main interests (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulation) remains in its jurisdiction of incorporation and it shall not take any action to change its centre of main interests. No European Loan Party shall create or take any steps to create an establishment (as that term is used in Article 2(10) of the Regulation) in any other jurisdiction without the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 
 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 The Parent Borrower hereby agrees that, so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any Loan or other amount is owing to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Parent Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly 
 7.1 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . During any period commencing on a date (each a Commencement Date on which Adjusted Excess Availability is less than the greater of (a) 10 of the Line Cap and (b) 60,000,000, and continuing until any later date on which Adjusted Excess Availability shall have exceeded the threshold set forth above for at least 30 consecutive days, permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period in effect at any such time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Applicable Reference Period in effect on the applicable Commencement Date) to be less than 1.00 to 1.00. 
 135 

7.2 Indebtedness . Create, issue, incur, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) Indebtedness of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents 
 (b) Indebtedness of the Domestic Loan Parties under the Term Loan Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 1,386,433,810.16 plus 617,718,034.23, plus an additional amount permitted to be incurred under Section 2.24 of the Term Loan Credit Agreement (as in effect on the Closing Date) or constituting Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement (as in effect on the Closing Date)) incurred under Section 7.2(p) of the Term Loan Credit Agreement (as in effect on the Closing Date), and, in each case, any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (c) Indebtedness of (i) the Parent Borrower to any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any Domestic Guarantor to the Parent Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary, (iii) any Foreign Loan Party to any Foreign Restricted Subsidiary and (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor to any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor provided that (x) any Indebtedness of any Loan Party shall be unsecured and shall be subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms customary for intercompany subordinated Indebtedness, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, and (y) any such Indebtedness owing to any Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note which shall have been pledged pursuant to the Security Documents 
 (d) Guarantee Obligations incurred by any Group Member of obligations of any Group Member to the extent such obligations are not prohibited hereunder provided that (i) to the extent any such obligations are subordinated to the Obligations, any such related Guarantee Obligations incurred by a Loan Party shall be subordinated to the guarantee of such Loan Party of the Obligations on terms no less favorable to the Lenders than the subordination provisions of the obligations to which such Guarantee Obligation relates and (ii) any Guarantee Obligations incurred by any Loan Party of obligations of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or any Guarantee Obligations incurred by a Domestic Loan Party of obligations of any non-Domestic Loan Party shall be permitted to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 7.7(g)(iii), Section 7.7(h) or Section 7.7(t) 
 (e) Indebtedness outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.2(e) and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (f) Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations) secured by Liens permitted by Section 7.3(g), provided that such amounts incurred after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall not exceed in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding the greater of (i) 85,000,000 and (ii) 8.5 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date incurred) 
 (g) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees or directors of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and owed in respect of any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, depository and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearing-house transfers of funds 
 (i) Indebtedness arising under any Swap Agreement permitted by Section 7.11 
 (j) Indebtedness (other than for borrowed money) that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any guarantees, warranty or contractual service obligations, performance, surety, statutory, appeal, bid, prepayment guarantee, payment (other than payment of Indebtedness) or completion of performance guarantees or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 136 

(k) Indebtedness in respect of any bankers acceptance, bank guarantees, letters of credit, warehouse receipt or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business in respect of workers compensation and other casualty claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance, social security benefits, unemployment or other insurance obligations, reclamation and statutory obligations or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation and other casualty claims, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds, so long as such Indebtedness is covered or extinguished within five Business Days 
 (m) Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or self-insurance obligations and (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply or similar agreements in each case in the ordinary course of business provided that such obligations are incurred in connection with open accounts extended by suppliers on customary trade terms, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) Indebtedness in the form of purchase price adjustments (including in respect of working capital), earnouts, deferred compensation, indemnification or other arrangements representing acquisition consideration or deferred payments of a similar nature incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions or other Investments permitted under Section 7.7 (other than Investments permitted under clause 7.7(q)) or Dispositions permitted under Section 7.5 (other than Dispositions permitted under Section 7.5(m)) 
 (o) (i) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Restricted Subsidiary that is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into a Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder) after the Closing Date, or Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed by or allocated to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of assets by the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or by a Division in a Permitted Acquisition provided that (x) such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (or is so merged, consolidated, amalgamated or Divided) or such assets are acquired and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary (or such merger, consolidation or amalgamation) or such assets being acquired and (y) with respect to any Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or that is merged, consolidated, amalgamated or Divided with or into the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, such Indebtedness is not guaranteed in any respect by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than by any such Person that so becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is the survivor of a merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Division with or into such Person and any of its Subsidiaries) and (ii) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness provided that after giving effect to the applicable acquisition (or merger, consolidation or amalgamation) or such assumption of Indebtedness, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of such acquisition (or merger, consolidation or amalgamation) or assumption, is either (i) not in excess of 2.75 to 1.00 or (ii) less than or equal to the Consolidated Leverage Ratio immediately prior to giving pro forma effect thereto provided further that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties outstanding under this Section 7.2(o) and incurred after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, together with the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties outstanding under Section 7.2(u) and incurred after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, shall not exceed the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 15.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any time 
 137 

(p) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary to the Parent Borrower or any other Loan Party or any Indebtedness of any Foreign Loan Party to any Domestic Loan Party, in each case, to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted by Section 7.7(g)(iii), Section 7.7(h) or Section 7.7(t) provided that any such Indebtedness owed to a Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note which shall have been pledged pursuant to the Security Documents 
 (q) Indebtedness of the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in connection with receivables and factoring agreements and wholesale financing consistent with the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries past practices prior to the Closing Date 
 (r) reserved 
 (s) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness incurred after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall not to exceed the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 15.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any time 
 (t) (i) Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness of any Domestic Loan Party so long as, at the time of incurrence of such Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of incurrence thereof (but excluding from Unrestricted Cash in making such pro forma calculation the Net Cash Proceeds of such Indebtedness), is not in excess of 2.75 to 1.00 provided that (x) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness under this Section 7.2(t), no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and y) to the extent applicable, such Permitted Additional Junior Indebtedness shall be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (u) (i) Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness so long as, at the time of incurrence of such Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the Applicable Reference Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of incurrence thereof (but excluding from Unrestricted Cash in making such pro forma calculation the Net Cash Proceeds of such Indebtedness), (x) is not in excess of 3.25 to 1.00 or (y) in the case of Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, is less than or equal to the Consolidated Leverage Ratio immediately prior to giving pro forma effect thereto and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof provided that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness under this Section 7.2(u), no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties outstanding under this Section 7.2(u) and incurred after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, together with the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties outstanding under Section 7.2(o) and incurred after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, shall not exceed, from and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the greater of (x) 150,000,000 and (y) 15.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any time 
 (v) Guarantee Obligations incurred by any Group Member of obligations of any Joint Venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent permitted under Section 7.7(r) 
 138 

(w) additional Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any time outstanding, from and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the greater of (i) 250,000,000 and (ii) 25.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any one time outstanding 
 (x) Attributable Indebtedness provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness incurred after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall not to exceed 75,000,000 at any time outstanding, which Attributable Indebtedness arises out of a sale and leaseback transaction permitted under Section 7.10 
 (y) Indebtedness of the Target and its Subsidiaries constituting Continuing External Debt 
 (z) Indebtedness in the form of standby repurchase obligations on dealer inventory financing in the ordinary course of business 
 (aa) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 8a of the German Old Age Employees Retirement Act (Altersteilzeitgesetz) or Section 7e of the Fourth Book of the German Social Code and 
 (bb) Indebtedness of any Loan Party in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Net Cash Proceeds (Not Otherwise Applied) (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) received after the Closing Date and on or prior to such date from any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock by the Parent Borrower (other than any such issuance to a Group Member). 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.2, (A) Indebtedness need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness described in Sections 7.2(a) through (bb) but may be permitted in part under any combination thereof and (B) in the event that an item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Indebtedness described in clauses (a) through (bb) above, the Parent Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such item of Indebtedness in a manner that complies with this Section 7.2 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in one or more of the above clauses and such item of Indebtedness shall be treated as having been incurred or existing pursuant to only one of such clauses provided that all Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Documents and the Term Loan Credit Agreement and, in each case, any Replacement Financing or Permitted Refinancing thereof, will at all times be deemed to be outstanding in reliance only on the exception in Section 7.2(a) and Section 7.2(b), respectively. 
 7.3 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except 
 (a) Liens for Taxes not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, to the extent required by GAAP 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings 
 (c) Liens, pledges or deposits in connection with workers compensation, insurance, unemployment insurance, other social security legislation and other similar obligations, including pursuant to Section 8a of the German Old Age Employees Retirement Act (Altersteilzeitgesetz) or Section 7e of the Fourth Book of the German Social Code 
 139 

(d) Liens, pledges or deposits in connection with or to secure the performance of bids, supplier and other trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations (other than any such obligation imposed pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Code or Sections 303(k) or 4068 of ERISA), surety, customs, return-of-money and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and that do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries together with such other title and survey exceptions as shown on the title policies issued pursuant to Section 5.1(k)(iii) as may be approved by Administrative Agent hereunder 
 (f) Liens in existence on the Closing Date listed on Schedule 7.3(f), securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.2(e) provided that no such Lien is spread to cover any additional property after the Closing Date and that the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased (other than, in the case of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness, by any Additional Permitted Amount) 
 (g) Liens securing Indebtedness of any Group Member incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(f) to finance the acquisition of fixed or capital assets (and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) provided that (i) such Liens shall be created within 180 days of the acquisition of such fixed or capital assets, (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof and (iii) the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased provided , further , that in the event that purchase money obligations are owed to any Person with respect to financing of more than one purchase of any fixed or capital assets, such Liens may secure all such purchase money obligations and may apply to all such fixed or capital assets financed by such Person 
 (h) (i) Liens on the Collateral created pursuant to the Security Documents (or any ABL Security Documents (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement)), (ii) Liens on cash granted in favor of any Lenders and or the Issuing Lender created as a result of any requirement to provide cash collateral pursuant to this Agreement and (iii) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, Liens on the Collateral of the Domestic Loan Parties created pursuant to the Term Loan Security Documents (or any Term Loan Security Documents (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or securing obligations in respect of any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in Section 7.2(b)) permitted by Section 7.2(b)and any corresponding security documents in respect of any Permitted Refinancing thereof) 
 (i) any interest or title of a lessor under any lease entered into by any Group Member in the ordinary course of its business and covering only the assets so leased 
 (j) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement relating to a Permitted Acquisition 
 (k) Liens in favor of any Domestic Loan Party so long as (in the case of any Lien granted by a Loan Party) such Liens are junior to the Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents 
 140 

(l) Liens arising from filing Uniform Commercial Code or personal property security financing statements (or substantially equivalent filings outside of the United States) regarding leases 
 (m) any option or other agreement to purchase any asset of any Group Member, the purchase, sale or other disposition of which is not prohibited by Section 7.5 
 (n) Liens arising from the rendering of an interim or final judgment or order against any Group Member that does not give rise to an Event of Default 
 (o) Liens on property (including Capital Stock) existing at the time of the permitted acquisition of such property by any Group Member to the extent the Liens on such assets secure Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.2(o) or other obligations permitted by this Agreement provided that such Liens attach at all times only to the same assets or category of assets that such Liens (other than after acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien) attached to, and secure only the same Indebtedness or obligations (or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by Section 7.2(o)) that such Liens secured, immediately prior to such permitted acquisition 
 (p) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by the Parent Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and permitted by this Agreement 
 (q) non-exclusive licenses, sublicenses, leases and subleases of Intellectual Property of any Group Member in the ordinary course of business 
 (r) Liens encumbering reasonable and customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (s) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business 
 (t) Liens on premium refunds granted in favor of insurance companies (or their financing affiliates) in connection with the financing of insurance premiums 
 (u) banker s liens, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions and securities accounts and other financial assets maintained with a securities intermediary provided that such deposit accounts or funds and securities accounts or other financial assets are not established or deposited for the purpose of providing collateral for any Indebtedness and are not subject to restrictions on access by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in excess of those required by applicable banking regulations 
 (v) Liens (i) on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.7 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment, (ii) on or with respect to equity interests in joint ventures that secure the obligations of such joint venture and (iii) consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted by Section 7.5, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment (including such joint venture) or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien 
 141 

(w) Liens of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(o), (s), (u) or (w) provided that such Liens are solely on the assets of such Restricted Subsidiary 
 (x) Liens on the Collateral of the Domestic Loan Parties securing the Permitted Additional Junior Lien Indebtedness or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted pursuant to Section 7.2(t) provided that such Liens shall be (i) junior, with respect to the ABL Priority Collateral, to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations and (ii) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (y) Liens not otherwise permitted by this Section so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the obligations secured thereby (as to all Group Members) under this clause (y) incurred after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date does not exceed the greater of (a) 150,000,000 and (b) 15.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any one time 
 (z) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the procurement of chassis to the extent such Liens apply to such chassis and the proceeds thereof 
 (aa) Liens securing receivables and factoring agreements and wholesale financing permitted under Section 7.2(q) provided that such Liens are solely on the property the subject thereof and proceeds (including insurance proceeds) thereof and 
 (bb) Liens on property purportedly rented to, or leased by, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction permitted under Section 7.10 provided that (i) such Liens do not encumber any other property of the Borrowers or their Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) such Liens secure only Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.2(v). 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.3, in the event that a Lien securing an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria for more than one of the categories of Liens described in clauses (a) through (bb) above, the Parent Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such Lien in a manner that complies with this Section 7.3 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Lien in one or more of the above clauses provided that all Liens securing Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Documents, any Replacement Financing and the Term Loan Credit Agreement, and, in each case, any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness thereof, will at all times be deemed to be outstanding in reliance only on the exception in Section 7.3(h). 
 7.4 Fundamental Changes . Enter into any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, Division, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or Dispose of all or substantially all of its property or business, except that 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Parent Borrower provided that the Parent Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation) or with or into any other Restricted Subsidiary provided , that when any Domestic Loan Party is merging with or into another Restricted Subsidiary, such Domestic Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving corporation or the continuing or surviving corporation shall, substantially simultaneously with such merger or consolidation, become a Domestic Loan Party and when any Foreign Loan Party is merging or amalgamating with or into another Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Domestic Loan Party, which is addressed above), such Foreign Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving corporation or the continuing or surviving corporation shall, substantially simultaneously with such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, become a Foreign Loan Party provided further that, in the event that such merger or consolidation is between or among Loan Parties or Restricted Subsidiaries, 
 142 

as the case may be, that are organized in different jurisdictions, the Parent Borrower shall provide evidence in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the security interest in the Collateral granted to the Administrative Agent remains in full force and effect 
 (b) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any other Person (other than a Borrower) in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.7 provided that if such Restricted Subsidiary is a Domestic Loan Party the continuing or surviving Person shall be a Domestic Loan Party and, unless the foregoing applies, if such Restricted Subsidiary is a Foreign Loan Party the continuing or surviving Person shall be a Foreign Loan Party provided, further, that, in the event that such merger, amalgamation or consolidation is between or among Loan Parties or Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, that are organized in different jurisdictions, the Parent Borrower shall provide evidence in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the security interest in the Collateral granted to the Administrative Agent remains in full force and effect 
 (c) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower may Dispose of any or all of its assets (i) to the Parent Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (provided if such Restricted Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary, such recipient is a Domestic Loan Party) (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) or (ii) pursuant to a Disposition permitted by Section 7.5 
 (d) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor or a Borrower may (i) dispose of any or all or substantially all of its assets to any Group Member (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) or (ii) liquidate or dissolve if the Parent Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interest of the Parent Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and 
 (e) any Restricted Subsidiary that is an LLC may consummate a Division of its assets and liabilities if, immediately upon the consummation of the Division, the assets and liabilities of the applicable Dividing LLC are held by one of more Restricted Subsidiaries provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Restricted Subsidiary which is a Division Successor resulting from a Division of assets of a Subsidiary that is not an Immaterial Subsidiary may not be deemed to be an Immaterial Subsidiary. 
 7.5 Disposition of Property . Dispose of any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary, issue or sell any shares of such Restricted Subsidiary s Capital Stock to any Person, except 
 (a) the Disposition of surplus, outdated, obsolete or worn out property (other than accounts receivable or inventory) in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) Dispositions of inventory, cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.4(c)(i) or Section 7.4(d)(i) 
 (d) the sale or issuance of any Restricted Subsidiary s Capital Stock to the Parent Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (provided if such Restricted Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary, such sale or issuance shall be to a Domestic Loan Party) 
 143 

(e) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and not as part of any accounts receivables financing transaction 
 (f) Dispositions of assets (including as a result of like-kind exchanges) to the extent that (i) such assets are exchanged for credit (on a fair market value basis) against the purchase price of similar or replacement assets or (ii) such asset is Disposed of for fair market value and the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of similar or replacement assets 
 (g) Dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any asset of any Group Member 
 (h) non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of intellectual property in the ordinary course of business, to the extent that they do not materially interfere with the business of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (i) the abandonment, cancellation, non-renewal or discontinuance of use or maintenance of non-material intellectual property or rights relating thereto that the Parent Borrower determines in its reasonable judgment to be desirable to the conduct of its business and not materially disadvantageous to the interests of the Lenders 
 (j) licenses, leases or subleases entered into in the ordinary course of business, to the extent that they do not materially interfere with the business of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (k) Dispositions to any Group Member provided that any such Disposition involving a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor (or a Disposition from a Domestic Loan Party to a Group Member that is not a Domestic Loan Party) shall be made in compliance with Sections 7.7 and 7.9 
 (l) (i) Dispositions of assets to the extent that such Disposition constitutes an Investment referred to in and permitted by Section 7.7 (other than Investments referred to in and permitted by Section 7.7(q)), (ii) Dispositions of assets to the extent that such Disposition constitute a Restricted Payment referred to in and permitted by Section 7.6, (iii) Dispositions set forth on Schedule 7.5(l) and (iv) sale and leaseback transactions permitted under Section 7.10 
 (m) Dispositions by the Target or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with receivables and factoring agreements and wholesale financing incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(q) 
 (n) other Dispositions of assets (including Capital Stock) provided that (i) it shall be for fair market value (reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower, on the date the legally binding commitment for sale or disposition was entered into, in good faith), provided further that, if the fair market value exceeds 60,000,000, at least 75 of the total consideration (determined on the date the legally binding commitment for sale or disposition was entered into) received by the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents, (ii) no Event of Default then exists or would result from such Disposition (except if such Disposition is made pursuant to an agreement entered into at a time when no Event of Default exists), (iii) Adjusted Excess Availability (after giving pro forma effect to such Disposition on an average daily basis during the thirty (30) consecutive day period ending on and including the date of such Disposition) shall not be less than the greater of (x) 10 of the Line Cap and (y) 60,000,000 and (iv) if any Eligible Inventory or Eligible Accounts are sold pursuant to this Section 7.5(n) in any Disposition or series of related Dispositions and the fair market value (determined as if such Disposition was consummated on an arm s-length basis) provided that any such Disposition of Eligible Accounts or Eligible Inventory shall be for fair market value and if the fair 
 144 

market value of such assets sold in a transaction or related series of transactions is in excess of 37,500,000, the Parent Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Borrowing Base Certificate, modified to give effect to such Dispositions so that the Administrative Agent may determine whether any prepayment is necessary to comply with Section 2.11(a) provided, however, that for purposes of clause (i) above, the following shall be deemed to be cash (A) any liabilities (as shown on the Parent Borrower s or such Restricted Subsidiary s most recent balance sheet provided hereunder or in the footnotes thereto) of the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary (other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Obligations) that are assumed by the transferee with respect to the applicable Disposition and for which the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have been validly released by all applicable creditors in writing, (B) any securities received by the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received in the conversion) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (C) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Disposition and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date pursuant to this Section 7.5(n) that is at that time outstanding, not to exceed, from and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the greater of (x) 100,000,000 and (y) 10.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA (with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) 
 (o) Dispositions of assets, provided such Dispositions on or after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall not have a fair market value exceeding the greater of 100,000,000 and 10.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA in any fiscal year of the Parent Borrower provided that if such assets sold in a transaction or related series of transactions have a fair market value in excess of 37,500,000, the Parent Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Borrowing Base Certificate, modified to give effect to such Dispositions so that the Administrative Agent may determine whether any prepayment is necessary to comply with Section 2.11(a) and 
 (p) Excluded Dispositions. 
 7.6 Restricted Payments . Declare or pay any dividend (other than dividends payable solely in common stock of the Person making such dividend) on, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Capital Stock of any Group Member, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in obligations of any Group Member (collectively, Restricted Payments ), except that 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments ratably to its equity holders (or if not ratably, on a basis more favorable to the Parent Borrower and the other Loan Parties (or if originating from a Domestic Loan Party, Domestic Loan Parties)) 
 (b) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may purchase their common stock or common stock options from present or former officers or employees of any Group Member upon the death, disability or termination of employment of such officer or employee, provided , that the aggregate amount of payments under this Section 7.6(b) after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (net of any proceeds received by the Parent Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date in connection with resales of any common stock or common stock options so purchased) shall not exceed 20,000,000 per year (with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over for one fiscal year (on a non-cumulative basis)) 
 145 

(c) the Parent Borrower may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Capital Stock payable solely in shares of Qualified Capital Stock 
 (d) the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may make cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares representing insignificant interests in the Parent Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock in the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary 
 (e) the Parent Borrower may acquire its Capital Stock upon the exercise or settlement of stock options, restricted stock units or other similar awards and agreements for such Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower if such Capital Stock represents a portion of the exercise price of such stock options or in connection with tax withholding obligations arising in connection with the exercise or settlement of such options, restricted stock units or other similar awards and agreements by, or the vesting of restricted Capital Stock or similar awards held by, any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of any Group Member, in each case consistent with past practice of the Parent Borrower prior to the Closing Date 
 (f) the Parent Borrower may convert or exchange any of its Capital Stock for or into Qualified Capital Stock 
 (g) Restricted Payments so long as the Payment Conditions for Specified Restricted Payments are satisfied with respect thereto 
 (h) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Parent Borrower may on any date make additional Restricted Payments, provided the aggregate amount thereof made after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall not exceed the greater of (i) 100,000,000 and (ii) 10.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date of the making of such Restricted Payment) 
 (i) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Parent Borrower may make regularly scheduled dividends and regularly scheduled stock repurchases with respect to its Capital Stock not to exceed 125,000,000 in the aggregate per fiscal year of the Parent Borrower (with 25 of any unused amounts in any fiscal year being carried over for one fiscal year (on a non-cumulative basis)) and 
 (j) the payment of any dividend or other distribution or the consummation of any irrevocable redemption within 60 days after the date of declaration of the dividend or other distribution or giving of the redemption notice, as the case may be, if at the date of declaration or notice, the dividend or other distribution or redemption payment would have complied with the provisions of this Agreement. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.6, in the event that a Restricted Payment meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Restricted Payments described in clauses (a) through (j) above, the Parent Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such Restricted Payment in a manner that complies with this Section 7.6 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Restricted Payment in one or more of the above clauses. 
 146 

7.7 Investments . Make any advance, loan, extension of credit (by way of guaranty or otherwise) or capital contribution to, or purchase any Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of, or any assets constituting a business unit of, or make any other investment in, any other Person (including pursuant to the Division of any Person that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such Division) (all of the foregoing, Investments ), except 
 (a) extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) investments in cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (c) Guarantee Obligations permitted by Section 7.2 (other than any Guarantee Obligations incurred by any Loan Party of obligations of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor or by any Domestic Loan Party of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party pursuant to Section 7.2(d), which Guarantee Obligations shall solely be permitted to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 7.7(g)(iii), Section 7.7(h) or Section 7.7(t)) 
 (d) loans and advances to directors, officers and employees of any Group Member in the ordinary course of business (including for travel, entertainment and relocation expenses) in an aggregate amount for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries not to exceed 5,000,000 at any one time outstanding 
 (e) the Acquisition 
 (f) Investments in assets useful in the business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, other than current assets, made by any Group Member with the proceeds of any Reinvestment Deferred Amount (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement as of the Closing Date) 
 (g) intercompany Investments (i) by any Group Member in any Loan Party, (ii) by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor in any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor and (iii) by any Group Member in any Restricted Subsidiary provided that (x) the aggregate amount of Investments after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date by Loan Parties pursuant to clause (iii) and by Domestic Loan Parties in non-Domestic Loan Parties pursuant to clause (i), shall not (without duplication of any substantially concurrent Investments by any such Loan Parties referenced in this clause (x)) exceed the greater of (x) 112,500,000 and (y) 11.25 of Four Quarter EBITDA at any one time outstanding and (y) any such Investments in the form of intercompany loans by any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor (or by a Domestic Loan Party to any non-Domestic Loan Party) shall be evidenced by notes that have been pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
 (h) any (i) Permitted Acquisition or (ii) other Investment so long as, in each case of (i) and (ii), the Payment Conditions for Specified Restricted Investments are satisfied with respect thereto 
 (i) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.5 
 (j) Investments acquired as a result of the purchase or other acquisition by any Group Member in connection with a Permitted Acquisition provided , that such Investments were not made in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition and were in existence at the time of such Permitted Acquisition 
 147 

(k) Investments existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.7(k) and any modification, refinancing, renewal, refunding, replacement or extension thereof provided that the amount of any Investment permitted pursuant to this Section 7.7(k) is not increased from the amount of such Investment on the Closing Date 
 (l) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (m) Investments of a Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of an entity merged, consolidated, amalgamated or Divided with or into a Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case in accordance with Section 7.4 after the Closing Date, to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Division and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Division 
 (n) Guarantees by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of leases (other than Capital Lease Obligations) or of other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (o) Investments made to effect the pledges and deposits described in, and permitted under, Section 7.3(c) and (d) 
 (p) Investments by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that result solely from the receipt by the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from any of its Subsidiaries of a dividend or other Restricted Payment in the form of Capital Stock, evidences of Indebtedness or other securities (but not any additions thereto made after the date of the receipt thereto) 
 (q) mergers, consolidations, amalgamations or Divisions permitted under Section 7.4 that do not involve any Person other than the Parent Borrower and Restricted Subsidiaries that are Wholly Owned Subsidiaries 
 (r) (i) any Investment in any Joint Venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary and (ii) any Permitted Acquisition of Persons that do not, upon acquisition thereof, become Subsidiary Guarantors, and property that is not, upon acquisition thereof, owned by Loan Parties provided that the aggregate outstanding amount of the Investments and Permitted Acquisitions consummated pursuant to this Section 7.7(v) after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (with respect to Investments pursuant to clause (i), valued at cost, and with respect to Permitted Acquisitions pursuant to clause (ii), the Investment amount thereof shall be as valued in good faith by the board of directors of the Parent Borrower and shall include cash and equity (including Disqualified Capital Stock of any Subsidiaries not organized under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States, but excluding any other equity of such Subsidiaries), as valued in good faith by the board of directors of the Parent Borrower) shall not exceed at any time outstanding the greater of (i) 75,000,000 and (ii) 7.5 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date of the making of such Investment (or, with respect to a Permitted Acquisition, at the Parent Borrower s option, as of the date of entry into the binding documentation in respect of such purchase or other acquisition)) 
 (s) Investments in the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries to effect payments permitted under Section 7.8(a)(vi) provided that, unless the Indebtedness to which such payment is applied is subject to an event of default (or equivalent event) as a result the Transactions, such Investments are made on or prior to the date that is 9 months from the Closing Date 
 148 

(t) in addition to Investments otherwise expressly permitted by this Section, Investments by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount (valued at cost), taken together with all other outstanding Investments made pursuant to this Section 7.7(t), not to exceed, from and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the greater of (x) 187,500,000 and (y) 18.75 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date of the making of such Investment) 
 (u) Investments by the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with receivables and factoring agreements and wholesale financing outstanding pursuant to Section 7.2(q) and 
 (v) Investments by the Target or any of its Subsidiaries to fund the purchase of its rental vehicle inventory in the ordinary course of business, provide the aggregate amount thereof made after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall not to exceed 40,000,000 at any one time outstanding. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.7, in the event that an Investment meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Investments described in clauses (a) through (v) above, the Parent Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such Investment in a manner that complies with this Section 7.7 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Investment in one or more of the above clauses. 
 7.8 Optional Payments and Modifications of Certain Debt Instruments. (a) Make or offer to make any optional or voluntary payment, prepayment, repurchase or redemption of or otherwise optionally or voluntarily defease or segregate funds with respect to any Junior Indebtedness (any of the foregoing, a Restricted Debt Payment other than 
 (i) refinancings of Junior Indebtedness with the proceeds of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness permitted in respect thereof under Section 7.2 
 (ii) payments of or in respect of Junior Indebtedness made solely with the proceeds from the issuance of Qualified Capital Stock or the conversion of any Junior Indebtedness into Qualified Capital Stock 
 (iii) prepayments of intercompany Junior Indebtedness permitted hereunder owed by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary provided that no prepayment of any Junior Indebtedness owed by any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or by any Domestic Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party) shall be permitted so long as an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom 
 (iv) Restricted Debt Payments so long as the Payment Conditions for Specified Restricted Debt Payments are satisfied with respect thereto 
 (v) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Restricted Debt Payments by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, provided the aggregate amount thereof made after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall not to exceed the greater of (x) 100,000,000 and (y) 10.0 of Four Quarter EBITDA (as of the date of the making of such Restricted Debt Payment) 
 149 

(vi) so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) Adjusted Excess Availability (both before and after giving pro forma effect to such Restricted Debt Payment) shall not be less than 10.0 of the Line Cap, Restricted Debt Payments in respect of the Continuing External Debt and 
 (vii) Restricted Debt Payments consisting of regularly scheduled principal and interest. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.8(a), in no event shall any payment in respect of Subordinated Indebtedness be permitted if such payment is in violation of the subordination provisions of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.8(a), in the event that a Restricted Debt Payment meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Restricted Debt Payments described in clauses (i) through (vii) above, the Parent Borrower may, in its sole discretion, divide or classify or later divide, classify or reclassify all or a portion of such Restricted Debt Payment in a manner that complies with this Section 7.8(a) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Restricted Debt Payment in one or more of the above clauses. 
 (b) Amend, modify, waive or otherwise change, or consent or agree to any amendment, modification, waiver or other change to, any of the terms of any Junior Indebtedness (other than any such amendment, modification, waiver or other change that would not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Lenders so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom). 
 7.9 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any transaction, including any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with any Affiliate (other than (x) transactions between or among the Domestic Loan Parties and between or among the Foreign Loan Parties and (y) transactions between or among the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries consistent with past practices and made in the ordinary course of business) unless such transaction is (a) otherwise permitted under this Agreement and (b) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the relevant Group Member than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate provided that the foregoing restriction in clause (b) shall not apply to (i) transactions permitted under Section 7.6 (ii) the payment of customary directors fees and indemnification and reimbursement of expenses to directors, officers or employees (iii) any issuance of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Parent Borrower s board of directors (iv)employment and severance arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business between the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any employee thereof approved by the Parent Borrower s board of directors (v) intercompany transactions undertaken in good faith (as certified by a Responsible Officer) for the purpose of improving the consolidated tax efficiency of the Group Members, (vi) Investments permitted by Section 7.7(d), (vi) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.2(c), (d) and (p), (vii) the Restricted Debt Payments permitted pursuant to Section 7.8 and (vii) transactions disclosed in the Parent Borrower s most recent definitive proxy statement, Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or subsequent 8-K SEC filings made prior to the Closing Date. 
 7.10 Sales and Leasebacks . Enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by any Group Member of real or personal property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by such Group Member to such Person or to any other Person to whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such Person on the security of such property or rental obligations of such Group Member, unless (a) the Disposition of the property subject to such transaction is permitted by Section 7.5 and the Parent Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Liens with respect to 
 150 

such transaction pursuant to Section 7.3 and Indebtedness in an amount equal to the Attributable Indebtedness with respect to such transaction pursuant to Section 7.2 and (b) the Net Cash Proceeds received by the applicable Group Member in connection with such transaction are at least equal to the fair market value (as determined by the board of directors of the Parent Borrower or a member of the senior management of the Parent Borrower) of such property provided that the aggregate amount of consideration paid to the Group Members (and the aggregate principal amount of any Attributable Indebtedness) after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date in respect of transactions permitted under this Section 7.10 shall not exceed 75,000,000. 
 7.11 Swap Agreements . Enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which any Group Member has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Capital Stock) and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of any Group Member. 
 7.12 Changes in Fiscal Periods . Permit the fiscal year of the Parent Borrower to end on a day other than July 31 or change the Parent Borrower s method of determining fiscal quarters, in each case without the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 7.13 Negative Pledge Clauses . Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of any Group Member to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired to secure its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party other than (a) (i) this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Term Loan Documents, (ii) any agreement governing any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2 to the extent such prohibition or limitation is customary in agreements governing Indebtedness of such type and in any event so long as such agreement is not more restrictive than the Loan Documents and (iii) any agreement governing any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Loans, the Term Loans or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2, in each case, with respect to this clause (iii), so long as any such agreement is not more restrictive than the Loan Documents, the Term Loan Documents or the documents governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, as applicable, (b) any agreements governing any purchase money Liens or Capital Lease Obligations otherwise permitted hereby (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets financed thereby), (c) any agreement in effect at the time any Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, so long as such prohibition or limitation applies only to such Restricted Subsidiary (and, if applicable, its Subsidiaries) and such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, as such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented, modified extended renewed or replaced, so long as such amendment, restatement, supplement, modification, extension, renewal or replacement does not expand in any material respect the scope of any restriction contemplated by this Section 7.13 contained therein, (d) customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting, sublicensing, pledging or other transfers contained in leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, so long as such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, as the case may be, (e) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Restricted Subsidiary or any assets pending such sale, provided that such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Restricted Subsidiary or assets that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder and (f) customary restrictions in the definitive documentation governing any of the Target or its Restricted Subsidiaries receivables or factoring facilities or wholesale financing consistent with the Target s past practice prior to the Closing Date, so long as such restrictions relate only to the accounts receivable subject to such arrangement and or to distributions from any special purpose vehicle conducting such arrangement. 
 151 

7.14 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions . Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower to (a) make Restricted Payments in respect of any Capital Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary held by, or pay any Indebtedness owed to, any Group Member, (b) make loans or advances to, or other Investments in, any Group Member or (c) transfer any of its assets to any Group Member, except for (i) any encumbrances or restrictions existing under (A) this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or the Term Loan Documents, (B) any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2 so long as such encumbrance or restriction is customary in agreements governing Indebtedness of such type and is no more restrictive than the Loan Documents or (C) any agreement governing Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Loans, any Term Loans or any other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.2, in each case so long as any such agreement is not more restrictive than the Loan Documents, the Term Loan Documents or the documents governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, as applicable, (ii) any encumbrances or restrictions with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into in connection with the Disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary, (iii) any encumbrance or restriction applicable to a Restricted Subsidiary (and, if applicable, its Subsidiaries) under any agreement of such Restricted Subsidiary in effect at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, as such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented, modified extended renewed or replaced, so long as such amendment, restatement, supplement, modification, extension, renewal or replacement does not expand in any material respect the scope of any restriction contemplated by this Section 7.14 contained therein, (iv) customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting, sublicensing, pledging or other transfers contained in leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, so long as such restrictions are limited to the property or assets subject to such leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, as the case may be and (v) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Restricted Subsidiary or any assets pending such sale, provided that such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Restricted Subsidiary or assets that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder. 
 7.15 Lines of Business . Enter into any business, either directly or through any Restricted Subsidiary, except for those businesses in which the Group Members were engaged on the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Acquisition) or that are reasonably related, ancillary or complementary thereto. 
 7.16 Amendments to Acquisition Documents . Following the Closing Date, amend, supplement or otherwise modify the terms and conditions of the Acquisition Documentation, except for any such amendment, supplement or modification that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.17 Use of Proceeds . Request any Loan or Letter of Credit, and the Parent Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Restricted Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent that such activities, business or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or a European Union member state or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 152 

7.18 Continuing External Debt. Permit Adjusted Excess Availability, together with (without duplication) the cash and Cash Equivalents of the Target and its Restricted Subsidiaries, to be equal to or less than the Continuing External Debt Payoff Amount. 
 7.19 Tax residence VAT groups. Become resident for Tax purposes in a country or jurisdiction other than its jurisdiction of incorporation or establishment, or be or become a member of a group for VAT purposes other than a group made up solely of Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 7.20 Repayment. The Parent Borrower shall not, and shall procure that its Restricted Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not, fund any repayment of any Loan or Letter of Credit with proceeds derived from a transaction prohibited by Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or Sanctions or in any manner that would cause a Party to be in breach of any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or Sanctions. 
 
 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 If any of the following events shall occur and be continuing 
 (a) any (i) Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation when due in accordance with the terms hereof or (ii) Loan Party shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, within five Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or 
 (b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan Document shall prove to have been inaccurate in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made or 
 (c) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in clause (i) or (ii) of Section 6.4(a) (with respect to the Borrowers only), Section 6.7(a) or Section 7 of this Agreement or Section 5.13 of the US Security Agreement or 
 (d) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this Section), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of (i) five Business Days if such breach relates to the terms or provisions of Section 6.2(f) or (g) or Sections 6.12, 6.15 or 6.16 of this Agreement or the terms or provisions of Sections 8.1 or 8.2 of the US Security Agreement and (ii) 30 days after notice to the Parent Borrower from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders or 
 (e) any Group Member shall (i) default in making any payment of any principal of any Material Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation, but excluding the Loans) on the scheduled or original due date with respect thereto or (ii) default in making any payment of any interest on any such Material Indebtedness beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Material Indebtedness was created or (iii) except in the case of the Continuing External Debt, default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or beneficiary of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or beneficiary) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, 
 153 

such Material Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Guarantee Obligation) to become payable or 
 (f) (i) any Group Member shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future Debtor Relief Laws, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, trustee, monitor, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets or (ii) there shall be commenced against any Group Member any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above that (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed or undischarged for a period of 60 days or (iii) there shall be commenced against any Group Member any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof or (iv) any Group Member shall take any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above or (v) any Group Member shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due or (vi) or any Group Member shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or 
 (g) a German Insolvency Event or a UK Insolvency Event (excluding clauses (c) (solely to the extent a result of the value of the assets of a UK Loan Party being less than its liabilities) and (d) of the definition of UK Insolvency Event) shall have occurred or 
 (h) (i) an ERISA Event and or a Foreign Plan Event shall have occurred (ii) a trustee shall be appointed by a United States district court to administer any Pension Plan (iii) the PBGC shall institute proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan (iv) any Group Member or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred or will be assessed Withdrawal Liability to such Multiemployer Plan and such entity does not have reasonable grounds for contesting such Withdrawal Liability or is not contesting such Withdrawal Liability in a timely and appropriate manner (v) any other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan, a Foreign Benefit Arrangement or a Foreign Plan and in each case in clauses (i) through (v) above, such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, if any, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (i) one or more judgments or decrees shall be entered against any Group Member involving in the aggregate a liability (not paid or covered by insurance to the extent as to which the insurer has not disputed coverage) of 100,000,000 or more, and all such judgments or decrees shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within 30 days from the entry thereof or 
 (j) any of the Security Documents or the Intercreditor Agreement shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect, or any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party shall so assert, or any Lien created by any of the Security Documents shall cease to be enforceable and of the same effect and priority purported to be created thereby (and, for the avoidance of doubt, as required by the Intercreditor Agreement), except (i) the release thereof as provided in the applicable Loan Document or Section 10.14 or (ii) as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent (or its agent or bailee in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) to maintain possession of any stock certificates, promissory notes or other instruments delivered to it under the Security Documents or 
 154 

(k) the guarantee contained in Article II of the Guarantee Agreement shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party shall so assert, except the release thereof as provided in Section 10.14 or 
 (l) the subordination provisions contained in any Subordinated Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount in excess of 100,000,000 shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect, or any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party shall so assert or 
 (m) a Change of Control shall occur 
 then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (f) above with respect to any Borrower, automatically the Commitments shall immediately terminate and the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all amounts of L C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) shall immediately become due and payable, and (B) if such event is any other Event of Default, either or both of the following actions may be taken (i) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Parent Borrower declare the Commitments to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Commitments shall immediately terminate and (ii) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Parent Borrower, declare the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all amounts of L C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time of an acceleration pursuant to this paragraph, each applicable Borrower shall at such time deposit in a cash collateral account opened by the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such Letters of Credit. Amounts held in such cash collateral account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts drawn under such Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay other obligations of the Borrowers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. After all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, all Reimbursement Obligations shall have been satisfied and all other obligations of the Borrowers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, in such cash collateral account shall be returned to the Borrowers (or such other Person as may be lawfully entitled thereto). Except as expressly provided above in this Section, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers. 
 In addition to any other rights and remedies granted to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise all rights and remedies of a secured party under the New York Uniform Commercial Code or any other applicable law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, without demand of performance or other demand, presentment, protest, advertisement or notice of any kind (except any notice required by law referred to below) to or upon any Loan Party or any other Person (all and each of which demands, defenses, advertisements and notices are hereby waived), may in such circumstances forthwith collect, receive, appropriate and realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, or consent to the use by the Loan Parties of any cash collateral arising in respect of the Collateral on such terms as the Administrative Agent deems reasonable, and or may forthwith sell, lease, assign give an option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver, or acquire by credit bid on behalf of the Lenders, the Collateral or any 
 155 

part thereof (or contract to do any of the foregoing), in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange, broker s board or office of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or elsewhere, upon such terms and conditions as it may deem advisable and at such prices as it may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, all without assumption of any credit risk. The Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have the right upon any such public sale or sales, and, to the extent permitted by law, upon any such private sale or sales, to purchase the whole or any part of the Collateral so sold, free of any right or equity of redemption in any Loan Party, which right or equity is hereby waived and released. Each Borrower further agrees, at the Administrative Agent s request, to assemble, or cause the applicable Loan Party to assemble, the Collateral and make it available to the Administrative Agent at places which the Administrative Agent shall reasonably select, whether at the applicable Borrower s or such Loan Party s premises or elsewhere. The Administrative Agent shall apply the net proceeds of any action taken by it pursuant to this Section 8, after deducting all reasonable costs and expenses of every kind incurred in connection therewith or incidental to the care or safekeeping of any of the Collateral or in any other way relating to the Collateral or the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, to the payment in whole or in part of the obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents, in such order as the Administrative Agent may elect, and only after such application and after the payment by the Administrative Agent of any other amount required by any provision of law, including Section 9-615(a)(3) of the New York UCC, need the Administrative Agent account for the surplus, if any, to any Loan Party. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Borrower on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties, waives all claims, damages and demands it or any other Loan Party may acquire against the Administrative Agent or any Lender arising out of the exercise by them of any rights hereunder. If any notice of a proposed sale or other disposition of Collateral shall be required by law, such notice shall be deemed reasonable and proper if given at least 10 days before such sale or other disposition. 
 
 SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 
 9.1 Appointment . Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Administrative Agent as the agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and each such Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall (a) have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise, except as may be otherwise specifically restricted by the terms hereof, all rights and remedies given to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any such deed of hypothec and applicable law, and (b) benefit from and be subject to all provisions hereof with respect to the Administrative Agent mutatis mutandis, including, without limitation, all such provisions with respect to the liability or responsibility to and indemnification by the Secured Parties and Loan Parties. Any person who becomes a Secured Party shall, by its execution of an Assignment and Assumption, be deemed to have consented to and confirmed the Administrative Agent as the person acting as hypothecary representative holding the aforesaid hypothecs as aforesaid and to have ratified, as of the date it becomes a Secured Party, all actions taken by the Administrative Agent in such capacity. The substitution of the 
 156 

Administrative Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Article IX shall also constitute the substitution of the Administrative Agent as hypothecary representative as aforesaid. 
 9.2 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions . No Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except to the extent that any of the foregoing are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from its or such Person s (respectively) own gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Agents under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for any failure of any Loan Party a party thereto to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. The Agents shall not be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party. 
 9.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any instrument, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, facsimile or e-mail message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders) as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Obligations. 
 9.5 Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Lender or a Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders) provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative 
 157 

Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders. 
 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders . (a) Each Lender expressly acknowledges that none of the Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates have made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent to any Lender. Each Lender represents to the Agents that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their affiliates and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their affiliates. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party that may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates. 
 (b) Each Lender hereby agrees that (a) it has requested a copy of each Report prepared by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent (b) the Administrative Agent (i) makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of any Report or any of the information contained therein or any inaccuracy or omission contained in or relating to a Report and (ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report (c) the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, and that any Person performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel and that the Administrative Agent undertakes no obligation to update, correct or supplement the Reports (d) it will keep all Reports confidential and strictly for its internal use and not share the Report with any Loan Party or any other Person except as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement and (e) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, it will pay and protect, and severally indemnify, defend, and hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including reasonable attorney fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent or such other Person as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 
 9.7 Indemnification . The Lenders agree to severally indemnify each Agent and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, advisors and controlling persons (each, an Agent Indemnitee (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), ratably according to their respective Aggregate Exposure Percentages in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Aggregate Exposure Percentages immediately prior to such date), from 
 158 

and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent Indemnitee under or in connection with any of the foregoing provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent Indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 9.8 Agent in Its Individual Capacity . Each Agent and its affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party as though such Agent were not an Agent. With respect to its Loans made or renewed by it and with respect to any Letter of Credit issued or participated in by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders shall include each Agent in its individual capacity. 
 9.9 Successor Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent upon 30 days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. If the Administrative Agent shall resign as Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, then the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders, which successor agent shall (unless a Specified Event of Default with respect to any Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing) be subject to approval by the Parent Borrower (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Administrative Agent, and the term Administrative Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Administrative Agent s rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any holders of the Loans. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as Administrative Agent by the date that is 30 days following a retiring Administrative Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective, and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Section 9 and of Section 10.5 shall continue to inure to its benefit. 
 9.10 Arranger, Syndication Agent and Documentation Agents . None of the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent or the Documentation Agents shall have any duties or responsibilities hereunder in their respective capacities as such. 
 9.11 Credit Bidding. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction 
 159 

of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.1), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata and the equity interests and or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 
 9.12 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Parent Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 160 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder are and will continue to be satisfied in connection therewith, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Parent Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or the Joint Leader Arrangers or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto), 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Joint Leader Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit 
 161 

fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 9.13 Flood Laws. JPMCB has adopted internal policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders under the Flood Laws. JPMCB, as administrative agent or collateral agent on a syndicated facility, will post on the applicable electronic platform (or otherwise distribute to each Lender in the syndicate) documents that it receives in connection with the Flood Laws. However, JPMCB reminds each Lender and Participant in the facility that, pursuant to the Flood Laws, each federally regulated Lender (whether acting as a Lender or Participant in the facility) is responsible for assuring its own compliance with the flood insurance requirements. 
 9.14 Administrative Agent holding German Collateral. 
 (a) The Administrative Agent, with respect to the part of the Collateral secured pursuant to the German Security Documents or any other Collateral created under German law German Collateral ), shall (i) hold, administer and realize such German Collateral that is transferred or assigned by way of security Sicherungseigentum Sicherungsabtretung or otherwise granted to it and is creating or evidencing a non-accessory security right nicht akzessorische Sicherheit in its own name as trustee Treuh nder for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (ii) hold, administer, and realize any such German Collateral that is pledged verpf ndet or otherwise transferred to the Administrative Agent and is creating or evidencing an accessory security right akzessorische Sicherheit as agent. 
 (b) With respect to the German Collateral, each Secured Party hereby authorizes and grants a power of attorney, and each future Secured Party by becoming a party to this Agreement in accordance with its terms authorizes, and grants a power of attorney Vollmacht to the Administrative Agent (whether or not by or through employees or agents) to (i) accept as its representative Stellvertreter any pledge or other creation of any accessory security right granted in favor of such Secured Party in connection with the German Security Documents and to agree to and execute on its behalf as its representative Stellvertreter any amendments and or alterations to any German Security Documents or any other agreement related to such German Collateral which creates a pledge or any other accessory security right akzessorische Sicherheit including the release or confirmation of release of such security, (ii) execute on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties where relevant and without the need for any further referral to, or authority from, the Secured Parties or any other person all necessary releases of any such German Collateral secured under the German Security Documents or any other agreement related to such German Collateral, (iii) realize such Collateral in accordance with the German Security Documents or any other agreement securing such German Collateral, (iv) make, receive all declarations and statements and undertake all other necessary actions and measures which are necessary or desirable in connection with such German Collateral or the German Security Documents or any other agreement securing the German Collateral, (v) take such action on its behalf as may from time to time be authorized under or in accordance with the German Security Documents and (vi) exercise such rights, remedies, powers and discretions as are specifically delegated to or conferred upon the Secured Parties under the German Security Documents together with such powers and discretions as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 (c) Each of the Secured Parties agrees that, if the courts of Germany do not recognize or give effect to the trust expressed to be created by this Agreement or any German Security Document, the relationship of the Secured Parties to the Administrative Agent shall be construed as one of principal and agent but, to the extent permissible under the laws of Germany, all the other provisions of this Agreement shall have full force and effect between the parties hereto. 
 162 

(d) Each Secured Party hereby ratifies and approves, and each future Secured Party by becoming a party to this Agreement in accordance with its terms ratifies and approves, all acts and declarations previously done by the Administrative Agent on such person s behalf (including for the avoidance of doubt the declarations made by the Administrative Agent as representative without power of attorney Vertreter ohne Vertretungsmacht in relation to the creation of any pledge Pfandrecht on behalf and for the benefit of each Secured Party as future pledgee or otherwise). 
 (e) For the purpose of performing its rights and obligations as Administrative Agent and to make use of any authorization granted under the German Security Documents, each Secured Party hereby authorizes, and each future Secured Party by becoming a party to this Agreement in accordance with its terms authorizes, the Administrative Agent to act as its agent Stellvertreter ), and, to the extent possible, releases the Administrative Agent from any restrictions on representing several persons and self-dealing under any applicable law, and in particular from the restrictions of Section 181 of the German Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch ). The Administrative Agent has the power to grant sub-power of attorney, including the release from the restrictions of section 181 of the German Civil Code B rgerliches Gesetzbuch ). 
 9.15 Parallel Debt. 
 (a) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes (and to the extent necessary undertakes in advance) to pay to the Administrative Agent amounts equal to any amounts owing from time to time by such Loan Party to any Secured Party under this Agreement and any other Loan Document pursuant to any Obligations as and when those amounts are due under any Loan Document (such payment undertakings under this Section 9.15 and the obligations and liabilities resulting therefrom being the Parallel Debt ). 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have its own independent right to demand payment of the Parallel Debt by the Loan Party. Each Loan Party and the Administrative Agent acknowledge that the obligations of each Loan Party under this Section 9.15 are several, separate and independent selbst ndiges Schuldanerkenntnis from, and shall not in any way limit or affect, the corresponding obligations of each Loan Party to any Secured Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Corresponding Debt nor shall the amounts for which each Loan Party are liable under this Section 9.15 be limited or affected in any way by its Corresponding Debt provided that (i) the Parallel Debt shall be decreased to the extent that the Corresponding Debt has been irrevocably paid or discharged (other than, in each case, contingent obligations), (ii) the Corresponding Debt shall be decreased to the extent that the Parallel Debt has been irrevocably paid or discharged, (iii) the amount of the Parallel Debt shall at all times be equal to the amount of the Corresponding Debt, (iv) the Parallel Debt will be payable in the currency or currencies of the Corresponding Debt and (v) for the avoidance of doubt, the Parallel Debt will become due and payable at the same time when the Corresponding Debt becomes due and payable. 
 (c) The security granted under any German Security Document and any Dutch Security Document with respect to the Parallel Debt is granted to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as sole creditor of the Parallel Debt. 
 (d) Without limiting or affecting the Administrative Agent s rights against any Loan Party (whether under this Agreement or any other Loan Document), each Loan Party acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement shall impose any obligation on the Administrative Agent to advance any sum to any Loan Party or otherwise under any Loan Document and (ii) for the purpose of any vote taken under any Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall not be regarded as having any participation or commitment other that those which it has in its capacity as a Lender. 
 163 

(e) The Parties to this Agreement acknowledge and confirm that the provisions contained in this Agreement shall not be interpreted so as to increase the maximum total amount of the Obligations. 
 (f) The Parallel Debt shall remain effective in case a third person should assume or be entitled, partially or in whole, to any rights of any of the Secured Parties under any Loan Documents, be it by virtue of assignment, assumption or otherwise. 
 (g) All monies received or recovered by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement and all amounts received or recovered by the Administrative Agent from or by the enforcement of any security granted to secure the Parallel Debt shall be applied in accordance with this Agreement. 
 9.16 UK Security Trust Trusts Generally. 
 (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Lender, each Issuing Lender, and the Administrative Agent on behalf of itself and its Affiliates as potential counterparties to Secured Swap Obligations and or providers of Banking Services Obligations irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent to act as its trustee under and in connection with each UK Security Document on the terms and conditions set out in any such UK Security Document to hold the assets subject to the security thereby created as trustee for the Secured Parties on the trusts and other terms contained in any such UK Security Document. Each of the Secured Parties authorizes the Administrative Agent to exercise the rights, remedies, power and discretions, specifically given to the Administrative Agent under or in respect of the UK Security Documents, together with any rights, remedies, power and discretions, incidental thereto. In addition, when acting in the capacity of trustee for the Secured Parties, the Administrative Agent shall have all the rights, remedies and benefits of and in favor of the Administrative Agent contained in this Section 9. 
 (b) Any reference in this Agreement to Liens stated to be in favor of the Administrative Agent shall be construed so as to include a reference to Liens granted in favor of the Administrative Agent in its capacity as security trustee of the Secured Parties where applicable. 
 (c) Where the Administrative Agent is required or deemed to act as a trustee in respect of any Collateral over which a security interest has been created pursuant to a Loan Document expressed to be governed by the laws of a country other than the United States, or is required or deemed to hold any Collateral on trust pursuant to the foregoing, the obligations and liabilities of the Administrative Agent to the Secured Parties in its capacity as trustee shall be excluded to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 
 9.17 Acknowledgements of Lenders. 
 (a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender 
 164 

shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 9.17 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (c) The Parent Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Parent Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds of any Borrower or any other Loan Party. 
 (d) Each party s obligations under this Section 9.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.1 Amendments and Waivers . Subject to Section 2.16(b) , (c) and (d), neither this Agreement, any other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.1. The Required Lenders and each Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, or, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, from time to time, (a) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences provided , however , that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall (i) forgive the principal amount or extend the final scheduled date of maturity of any Loan, reduce the stated rate of any interest or fee payable hereunder (except (x) in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default 
 165 

increase in interest rates (which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (y) that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (i)) or extend the scheduled date of any payment thereof, or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Lender s Commitment, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (ii) eliminate or reduce the voting rights of any Lender under this Section 10.1 without the written consent of such Lender (iii) reduce or increase any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders or Supermajority Lenders without the written consent of each Lender or change any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or otherwise modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder without the written consent of each Lender, (iv) consent to the assignment or transfer by any Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, release all or substantially all of the Collateral or release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their guarantee of the Obligations, in each case without the written consent of all Lenders (v) amend, modify or waive any provision relating to Section 1.6 without the written consent of each Restricted Lender (vi) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.17(a) or (b) without the written consent of each Lender adversely affected thereby (vii) modify the definition of Line Cap or increase the expressly stated advance rates set forth in the definition of US Borrowing Base , German Borrowing Base or UK Borrowing Base , or add new categories of eligible assets, without the written consent of all Lenders (viii) modify eligibility criteria, as such eligibility criteria are in effect on the Closing Date (including adding new categories of eligible assets or eliminating any category of the Reserves in effect on the Closing Date provided , however , that, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.1 to the contrary, the Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion and without the consent of any other Lenders, eliminate any category of Reserve that was added by the Administrative Agent) in any manner that has the effect of increasing the amounts available to be borrowed hereunder without the written consent of the Supermajority Lenders (ix) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 9 or any other provision of any Loan Document that affects the Administrative Agent without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (x) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.6 or 2.7 without the written consent of the Swingline Lender (xi) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 3 without the written consent of the Issuing Lender or (xii) subordinate (or have the effect of subordinating) the Obligations under the Loan Documents in lien priority or with respect to contractual right of payment without the written consent of each Lender directly adversely affected thereby. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and all future holders of the Loans. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) reserved , (ii) no Lender consent is required to effect any amendment or supplement to any intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement that is for the purpose of adding the holders of any Indebtedness as expressly contemplated by the terms of such intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement, as applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes to the applicable intercreditor agreement as, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, are required to effectuate the foregoing and provided that such other changes are not adverse, in any material respect, to the interests of the Lenders) provided , further, that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan 
 166 

Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and (iii) guarantees, collateral documents and related documents executed by Loan Parties in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be, together with any other Loan Document, entered into, amended, supplemented or waived, without the consent of any other person, by the applicable Loan Party or Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, to (A) effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties, (B) as required by local law to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any property or so that the security interests therein comply with applicable Requirements of Law, or (C) to cure ambiguities, omissions, mistakes or defects or to cause such guarantee, collateral security document or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Administrative Agent, with the consent of the Borrowers, may amend, modify or supplement any Loan Document without the consent of any Lender or the Required Lenders in order to correct, amend or cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or defect or correct any typographical error or other manifest error in any Loan Document and (ii) the Loan Documents may be amended in accordance with Section 2.24. 
 10.2 Notices. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile or e-mail), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered, or three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or one Business Day after being deposited, prepaid with an overnight courier, or, in the case of facsimile or e-mail notice, when received, addressed as follows in the case of the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, and as set forth in an administrative questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent in the case of the Lenders, or to such other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto 
 Borrowers Thor Industries, Inc. 
 601 East Beardsley Ave. 
 Elkhart, IN 46514-3305 
 Attention Colleen Zuhl, Senior Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Facsimile +1 855-692-6498 
 E-mail czuhl thorindustries.com 
 
 with a copy to Thor Industries, Inc. 
 601 East Beardsley Ave. 
 Elkhart, IN 46514-3305 
 Attn Todd Woelfer, Senior Vice President Trevor 
 Gasper , General Counsel and Secretary 
 Facsimile 866-549-4259 
 E-mail twoelfer tgasper thorindustries.com 
 167 

and Baker & McKenzie LLP 
 1900 N. Pearl Street, Suite 1500 
 Dallas, TX 75201 
 Attention Crews Lott 
 Facsimile +1 214-965-5989 
 E-mail crews.lott bakermckenzie.com 
 
 Administrative Agent JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 10 South Dearborn Street 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attention ABL Portfolio Manager John Morrone 
 Telephone 312-732-8111 
 Facsimile 312-548-1943 
 Email john.morrone jpmorgan.com and 
 jpm.agency.cri jpmchase.com 
 and if such notices, requests and demands are with 
 respect to matters pertaining the European Loan 
 Parties 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 c o J.P. Morgan Europe Limited 
 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf 
 London E14 5JP 
 United Kingdom 
 Attention Loans and Agency London 
 Facsimile +44 20 7777 2360 
 Email Loan_and_agency_London jpmorgan.com 
 
 provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall not be effective until received. 
 Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Section 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may, each in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 10.3 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder. 
 168 

10.5 Payment of Expenses and Taxes . The Parent Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers for all of their respective reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the syndication of the Commitments and the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver with respect thereto, and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of one primary counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and, if necessary, one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction and filing and recording fees and expenses, with statements with respect to the foregoing to be submitted to the Parent Borrower at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date (in the case of amounts to be paid on the Closing Date) and from time to time thereafter on a quarterly basis or such other periodic basis as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate, (b) to pay or reimburse each Lender, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent for all of their reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, including the fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and including all costs and expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations (it being understood that expenses reimbursed by the Parent Borrower under this Section 10.5 shall include costs and expenses incurred in connection with (i) collateral monitoring, collateral reviews, appraisals (including field examinations (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses), environmental reviews and insurance reviews and fees and expenses of advisors and professionals engaged by the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates in connection therewith and (ii) forwarding loan proceeds, collecting checks and other items of payment and establishing and maintaining the accounts and lock boxes, and costs and expenses of preserving and protecting the Collateral) provided that fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel set forth in this clause (b) shall be limited to fees, disbursements and other charges of (i) one counsel to the Administrative Agent and for the Lenders (taken together as a single group or client), (ii) if necessary, one local counsel required in any relevant local jurisdiction (which may include a single counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and applicable special regulatory counsel and (iii) if representation of the Administrative Agent and or all Lenders in such matter by a single counsel would be inappropriate based on the advice of legal counsel due to the existence of an actual or potential conflict of interest or the availability of different claims or defenses (as reasonably determined by the affected party), of another firm of counsel for similarly affected parties and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in any relevant local jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for such affected parties and one firm of special regulatory counsel for such affected Lender, (c) to pay, indemnify, and hold each Lender, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent harmless from, any and all recording and filing fees and any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, stamp, excise and other Taxes, if any, that may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of, or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, and (d) to pay, indemnify, and hold each Lender, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender, the Arrangers and each Agent, their respective affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and controlling persons (each, an Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, including any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto and whether or not the same are brought by any Borrower, its equity holders, 
 169 

affiliates or creditors or any other Person, including any of the foregoing relating to any action taken in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the payment of principal, interest and fees, the use of proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit (including any refusal by the Issuing Lender to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit) or the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under, any Environmental Law applicable to the operations of any Group Member or any of the Properties and the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of legal counsel (limited to reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of one primary counsel for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and one firm of special regulatory counsel for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, where an Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the Parent Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected Indemnitee and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for such affected Indemnitee and one firm of special regulatory counsel for such affected Indemnitee)) in connection with claims, actions or proceedings by any Indemnitee against any Loan Party under any Loan Document (all the foregoing in this clause (d), collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ), provided , that the Borrowers shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or controlling persons) provided, further , that this Section 10.5(d) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. Without limiting the foregoing, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, each Borrower agrees not to assert and to cause its Subsidiaries not to assert, and hereby waives and agrees to cause its Subsidiaries to waive, all rights for contribution or any other rights of recovery with respect to all claims, demands, penalties, fines, liabilities, settlements, damages, costs and expenses of whatever kind or nature, under or related to Environmental Laws, that any of them might have by statute or otherwise against any Indemnitee. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission systems, except to the extent any such damages are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of, such Indemnitee (or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or controlling persons). No Indemnitee shall be liable for any indirect, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. All amounts due under this Section 10.5 shall be payable not later than 10 days after written demand therefor. The agreements in this Section 10.5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 10.6 Successors and Assigns Participations and Assignments . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any affiliate of the Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees (each, an Assignee ), all or a portion of its rights and 
 170 

obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent of 
 (A) the Parent Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), provided that no consent of the Parent Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an affiliate or branch of a Lender, an Approved Fund (as defined below) or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other Person and provided , further , that the Parent Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless the Parent Borrower shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after having received notice thereof 
 (B) the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) 
 (C) the Swingline Lender and 
 (D) the Issuing Lender. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an affiliate or branch of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitments or Loans, the amount of the Commitments or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that (1) no such consent of the Parent Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (2) such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its affiliates or branches or Approved Funds, if any 
 (B) (1) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 and (2) the assigning Lender shall have paid in full any amounts owing by it to the Administrative Agent and 
 (C) the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Parent Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal, provincial and foreign securities laws. 
 171 

For the purposes of this Section 10.6, Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) below, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 10.5). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 10.6 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Parent Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and L C Obligations owing, to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Parent Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Assignee, the Assignee s completed administrative questionnaire (unless the Assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (vi) Each assignee, by its execution and delivery of an Assignment and Assumption, shall be deemed to have represented to the assigning Lender and the Administrative Agent that such assignee is an Eligible Assignee. In no event shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any prospective assignee is an Eligible Assignee or have any liability with respect to any assignment made to a Disqualified Lender or any other Person that is not an Eligible Assignee. 
 172 

(vii) Any assignment to a Disqualified Lender in violation of this Section 10.6 shall not be void, but the provisions of Section 10.6(g) shall apply 
 (c) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more Eligible Assignees (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that (i) requires the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby pursuant to the proviso to the second sentence of Section 10.1 and (ii) directly affects such Participant. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Parent Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Parent Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.22 with respect to any Participant. The Parent Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19 and 2.20 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.19(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.19(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (i) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (ii) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.18 or 2.19, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from an adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by any Lender with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority made subsequent to the Closing Date that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.7(b) as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant shall be subject to Section 10.7(a) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central banking authority, and 
 173 

this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or Assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. The Borrowers, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant Lender, agree to issue Notes to any Lender requiring Notes to facilitate transactions of the type described in this paragraph (d) 
 (e) Reserved . 
 (f) The Disqualified Lenders List (i) shall be made available to the Lenders by posting on IntraLinks IntraAgency or another relevant Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) and (ii) shall be provided to any Lender upon request by such Lender to the Administrative Agent. A Lender may provide the Disqualified Lenders List to any potential assignee or participant on a confidential basis in accordance with Section 10.15 hereof for the purpose of verifying whether such Person is a Disqualified Lender. 
 (g) (i) If any assignment or participation is made to any Disqualified Lender in violation of this Section 10.6, the Parent Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Disqualified Lender to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 10.6), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees pursuant to an assignment and acceptance otherwise compliant with this Section 10.6. 
 (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Lenders (A) will not (x) have the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Lender will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Lender consented to such matter, and (y) for purposes of voting on any Bankruptcy Plan, each Disqualified Lender party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such Bankruptcy Plan, (2) if such Disqualified Lender does vote on such Bankruptcy Plan notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such Bankruptcy Plan in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2). 
 10.7 Adjustments Set-off . (a) Except to the extent that this Agreement or a court order expressly provides for payments to be allocated to a particular Lender, if any Lender (a Benefitted Lender shall receive any payment of all or part of the Obligations owing to it (other than in connection with an assignment made pursuant to Section 10.6), or receive any Collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Section 8(f) or (g), or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or Collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of the Obligations owing to such other Lender, such Benefitted Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of the Obligations owing to each such other Lender, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any 
 174 

such Collateral, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefitted Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such Collateral ratably with each of the Lenders provided , however , that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefitted Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest provided further , that to the extent prohibited by applicable law as described in the definition of Excluded Swap Obligation, no amounts received from, or set off with respect to, any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 (b) In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, each Lender shall have the right, without notice to any Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon any Obligations becoming due and payable by the Borrowers (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to apply to the payment of such Obligations, by setoff or otherwise, any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, other than Excluded Accounts), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender, any affiliate thereof or any of their respective branches or agencies to or for the credit or the account of the Borrowers provided that if any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff (i) all amounts so set-off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders and (ii) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of set-off. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such application made by such Lender, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such application. 
 10.8 Counterparts . 
 (a) This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by e-mail or facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any 
 175 

Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrowers and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind arising as a result of the failure of any Borrower and or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 10.9 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 10.10 Integration . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents or any fee letters related thereto. 
 10.11 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 10.12 Submission To Jurisdiction Waivers . Each Borrower and each Credit Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
 176 

(a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States for the Southern District of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan (or in the event such courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, to the courts of the State of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan), and appellate courts from any thereof provided , that nothing contained herein or in any other Loan Document will prevent any Lender or the Administrative Agent from bringing any action to enforce any award or judgment or exercise any right under the Security Documents or against any Collateral or any other property of any Loan Party in any other forum in which jurisdiction can be established 
 (b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same 
 (c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the Parent Borrower or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent or any other applicable Credit Party, at its address set forth in Section 10.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent or other applicable party shall have been notified pursuant thereto 
 (d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law and 
 (e) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section any indirect, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 10.13 Acknowledgements . Each Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Loan Parties and the Credit Parties is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, irrespective of whether the Credit Parties have advised or are advising the Loan Parties on other matters, and the relationship between the Credit Parties, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, in connection herewith and therewith is solely that of creditor and debtor, (b) the Credit Parties, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, have an arm s length business relationship that does not directly or indirectly give rise to, nor do the Loan Parties rely on, any fiduciary duty to the Loan Parties or their affiliates on the part of the Credit Parties, (c) the Loan Parties are capable of evaluating and understanding, and the Loan Parties understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (d) the Loan Parties have been advised that the Credit Parties are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from the Loan Parties interests and that the Credit Parties have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Loan Parties, (e) the Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent the Loan Parties have deemed appropriate in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (f) each Credit Party has been, is, and will be acting solely as a principal and, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing by it and the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Loan Parties, any of their affiliates or any other Person, (g) none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to the Loan Parties or their affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents except those obligations expressly set forth herein or therein or in any other express writing executed and delivered by such Credit Party and the Loan Parties or any such affiliate and (h) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other 
 177 

Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Credit Parties or among the Loan Parties and the Credit Parties. 
 10.14 Releases of Guarantees and Liens . (a) Upon any sale, transfer or other Disposition by any Loan Party (other than any such sale, transfer or other Disposition to another Loan Party) of any Collateral in a transaction permitted by this Agreement, upon the pledge by any Loan Party (other than any such pledge in favor of another Loan Party), or upon the effectiveness of any written consent to the release of the security interest in any Collateral created under any Security Document pursuant to Section 10.1, the security interests in such Collateral created by the Security Documents shall be automatically released. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this clause (a), the Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, upon delivery of a certificate from such Loan Party confirming such termination or release is permitted under the Loan Documents, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such release. 
 (b) At such time as the Loans, the Reimbursement Obligations and the other obligations under the Loan Documents (other than indemnification or reimbursement obligations under Sections 2.18, 2.19(a), 2.19(d) or 2.20 for which the Borrowers have not been notified and contingent indemnification obligations, Banking Services Obligations and Secured Swap Obligations) shall have been paid in full and the Commitments have been terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding (other than Letters of Credit cash collateralized or otherwise backstopped in a manner satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent), the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by the Security Documents, and the Security Documents and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party under the Security Documents shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this clause (b), the Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender (without requirement of notice to or consent of any Lender except as expressly required by Section 10.1) to take any action requested by the Borrowers having the effect of releasing any Collateral, Guarantee Obligations, or the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under any Loan Documents if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents (i) to the extent necessary to permit consummation of any transaction not prohibited by any Loan Document or that has been consented to in accordance with Section 10.1 or (ii) under the circumstances described in paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
 10.15 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and each Lender agrees to keep confidential all non-public information provided to it by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement that is designated by the provider thereof as confidential provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Administrative Agent or any Lender from disclosing any such information (a) to the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or any affiliate thereof, (b) subject to an agreement to comply with the provisions of this Section to any actual or prospective Transferee or any direct or indirect counterparty to any Swap Agreement (or any professional advisor to such counterparty), (c) to its employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors or those of any of its affiliates, (d) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority, (e) in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or as may otherwise be required pursuant to any Requirement of Law, (f) if required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding, (g) that has been 
 178 

publicly disclosed (other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.15), (h) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Lender s investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender, (i) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the extent relevant to the proceedings, (j) to data service providers (including league table providers) that serve the lending industry to the extent such information is of the type customarily provided to such providers or (k) if agreed by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion, to any other Person. 
 Each Lender acknowledges that information furnished to it pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents may include material non-public information concerning the Parent Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities, and confirms that it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and that it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with those procedures and applicable law, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 All information, including requests for waivers and amendments, furnished by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to, or in the course of administering, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will be syndicate-level information, which may contain material non-public information about the Parent Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities. Accordingly, each Lender represents to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent that it has identified in its administrative questionnaire a credit contact who may receive information that may contain material non-public information in accordance with its compliance procedures and applicable law, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 The Parent Borrower represents and warrants that it and its Subsidiaries either (i) have no registered or publicly traded securities outstanding, or (ii) files its financial statements with the SEC and or makes its financial statements available to potential holders of its 144A securities, and, accordingly, the Parent Borrower hereby (A) authorizes the Administrative Agent to make the financial statements to be provided under Section 6.1(a) and (b), along with the Loan Documents, available to Public-Siders and (B) agrees that at the time such financial statements are provided hereunder, they shall already have been made available to holders of its securities. The Parent Borrower will not request that any other material be posted to Public-Siders without expressly representing and warranting to the Administrative Agent in writing that such materials do not constitute material non-public information within the meaning of the federal securities laws or that the Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries have no outstanding publicly traded securities, including 144A securities. For the avoidance of doubt, the Projections shall not be posted to Public-Siders. 
 The Parent Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Loan Parties hereunder (collectively, the Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks IntraAgency or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders may be Public-Siders. If any Borrower Materials are designated by the Loan Parties as PRIVATE , such Borrower Materials will not be made available to that portion of the Platform designated Public Investor, which is intended to contain only information that is either publicly available or not material information (though it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Parent Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their securities for purposes of federal and state securities laws. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PRIVATE or CONFIDENTIAL as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Parent Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their securities for purposes of federal and state securities laws. 
 179 

10.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . THE BORROWERS, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 
 10.17 USA Patriot Act . Each Lender hereby notifies each Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower, which information includes the name and address of each Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify each Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 10.18 Intercreditor Agreement . Each Lender hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent (a) to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement on its behalf, perform the Intercreditor Agreement on its behalf and take any actions thereunder as determined by the Administrative Agent to be necessary or advisable to protect the interest of the Lenders, and each Lender agrees to be bound by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and (b) to enter into any other intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent on its behalf, perform such intercreditor agreement on its behalf and take any actions thereunder as determined by the Administrative Agent to be necessary or advisable to protect the interests of the Lenders, and each Lender agrees to be bound by the terms of such intercreditor agreement. Each Lender acknowledges that the Intercreditor Agreement governs, among other things, Lien priorities and rights of the Lenders and the Term Loan Secured Parties (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) with respect to the Collateral, including the Term Loan Priority Collateral. 
 10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 180 

10.20 Additional Borrowers. The Parent Borrower may designate any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary as a Borrower under this Agreement with the consent of all the Lenders (an Additional Borrower provided that the Administrative Agent shall be satisfied that, with respect to any such Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary, the Lenders may make loans and other extensions of credit to such Subsidiary in such Subsidiary s jurisdiction of organization in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, without being required or qualified to do business in such jurisdiction and without being subject to any unreimbursed or unindemnified Taxes or other expense. Such Wholly Owned Subsidiary shall become an Additional Borrower and a party to this Agreement, and all references to the Borrowers (and any specific sub-class of Borrowers organized in the same jurisdiction as the Additional Borrower) shall also include such Additional Borrower, upon (a) the receipt by the Administrative Agent of documentation consistent in scope (but applicable to such Additional Borrower) with the documentation set forth in Section 5.1(g), (h), (p) and (q) and (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received at least 15 Business Days prior notice of such requested Additional Borrower, and shall have received, at least three Business Days prior to the date such Additional Borrower becomes a party hereto, all documentation and other information about the Additional Borrower reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in writing at least 10 Business Days prior to such date and that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines is required by United States bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.1 or in any Loan Document, the Loan Documents may be amended as necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower (and without the consent of any other parties thereto) to effect the provisions of or be consistent with this Section 10.20. 
 10.21 Application of Payments of Foreign Loan Parties US Borrowers Joint and Several Liability. 
 (a) Subject to clause (b) below, each Borrower agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for all Obligations, except Excluded Swap Obligations, and all agreements under the Loan Documents. Each Borrower agrees that its guaranty obligations hereunder constitute a continuing guaranty of payment and not of collection, that such obligations shall not be discharged until the date set forth in Section 10.14(b), and that such obligations are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of (i) the genuineness, validity, regularity, enforceability, subordination or any future modification of, or change in, any Obligations or Loan Document, or any other document, instrument or agreement to which any Borrower is or may become a party or be bound (ii) the absence of any action to enforce this Agreement (including this Section) or any other Loan Document, or any waiver, consent or indulgence of any kind by the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect thereto (iii) the existence, value or condition of, or failure to perfect a Lien or to preserve rights against, any security or guaranty for the Obligations or any action, or the absence of any action, by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in respect thereof (including the release of any security or guaranty) (iv) the insolvency of any Borrower (v) any election by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in any proceeding under Debtor Relief Laws for the application of Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provisions of any other Debtor Relief Laws) (vi) any borrowing or grant of a Lien by any other Borrower, as debtor-in-possession under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise (or any similar provisions of any other Debtor Relief Laws) (vii) the disallowance of any claims of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against any Borrower for the repayment of any Obligations under Section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise (or any similar provisions of any other Debtor Relief Laws) or (viii) any other action or circumstances that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor, except full payment in cash. 
 181 

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or other Loan Document, (i) subject to clause (v) below, no German Borrower shall be obliged to guarantee or repay the Obligations of any other Borrower (except for the other German Borrowers (other than Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH)) and no amounts received in the Collection Account of any German Borrower, and no amounts received on account of the Collateral of any German Borrower, shall be applied in repayment or prepayment of Obligations other than those of the German Borrowers (other than Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH) and, in each case, such obligations shall be subject to the German Guarantee Limitations, (ii) the UK Borrower shall not be obliged to guarantee or repay the Obligations of any other Borrower (except for the German Borrowers (other than Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH)) and no amounts received in the Collection Account of the UK Borrower, and no amounts received on account of the Collateral of the UK Borrower, shall be applied in repayment or prepayment of Obligations other than those of the UK Borrower and the German Borrowers (other than Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH), (iii) no CFC Subsidiary shall be obliged to guarantee or repay the Obligations of any Loan Party that is a U.S. Person (or of a Loan Party that is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the regarded owner of which is a U.S. Person) and no amounts received in the Collection Account of any CFC Subsidiary and no amounts received on account of the Collateral of any CFC Subsidiary, shall be applied in repayment or prepayment of Obligations of any Loan Party that is a U.S. Person (or of a Loan Party that is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the regarded owner of which is a U.S. Person) and (iv) Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH shall not be obliged to guarantee or repay the Obligations of any other Borrower and no amounts received in Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH s Collection Account or on account of its Collateral shall be applied in repayment or prepayment of Obligations other than its own Obligations. 
 10.22 Reserved . 
 10.23 Judgment Currency. If for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert an amount due hereunder in the currency in which it is due (the Original Currency into another currency (the Second Currency ), the rate of exchange applied shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, the Administrative Agent could purchase the Original Currency with the Second Currency at the at the Administrative Agent's quoted rate of exchange on the date two Business Days preceding that on which judgment is given. Each Loan Party agrees that its obligation in respect of any Original Currency due from it hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment or payment in such other currency, be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following the date the Administrative Agent receives payment of any sum so adjudged to be due hereunder in the Second Currency, the Administrative Agent may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase, in the New York foreign exchange market, the Original Currency with the amount of the Second Currency so paid and if the amount of the Original Currency so purchased or could have been so purchased is less than the amount originally due in the Original Currency, each Loan Party agrees as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such payment or judgment to indemnify the Administrative Agent against such loss. The term rate of exchange in this Section means the rate of exchange at which the Administrative Agent, in accordance with normal practices, is able on the relevant date to purchase the Original Currency with the Second Currency, and includes any premium and costs of exchange payable in connection with such purchase. 
 10.24 Foreign Borrower Assumption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Loan Documents, including Section 5.1 hereof, the conditions in Section 5.1 may be satisfied without the signatures of the Foreign Borrowers under the Loan Documents and related resolutions, certificates, opinions and similar deliverables with respect to such Foreign Borrowers (the Foreign Borrower Deliverables ), it being agreed that (i) the Parent Borrower shall cause the Foreign Borrower Deliverables to be provided to the Administrative Agent on the Closing Date (with the provision thereof 
 182 

to then be deemed to have occurred at the time of the delivery of the other Closing Date deliverables with respect to the other Borrowers for purposes of the Loan Documents and to result in the Foreign Borrowers becoming parties to the applicable Loan Documents for all purposes as original parties thereto) and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, until the Foreign Borrower Deliverables are provided to the Administrative Agent with respect to a Foreign Borrower, no extensions of credit hereunder shall be made for the account of any such Foreign Borrower. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 183 

Exhibit B 
 to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Form of Borrowing Request 
 
 See Attached 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF 
 BORROWING REQUEST 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 as Administrative Agent 
 10 S. Dearborn, 22nd Floor 
 
 Attention Yvette Baber and Elena Ruiz - Operations 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the ABL Credit Facility, dated September 1, 2021, Amendment No. 2 to the ABL Credit Facility, dated May 1, 2023 and as further amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Thor Industries, Inc. (the Parent Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower (the Subsidiary Borrowers , and, collectively with the Parent Borrower, the Borrowers ), the Lenders party thereto, certain other parties and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. This notice constitutes a Borrowing Request and the Borrower party to this Borrowing Request hereby gives you notice, pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, that it requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower party to this Borrowing Request specifies the following information with respect to such Borrowing 
 
 (A) Borrower 
 
 (B) Borrowing Base US Borrowing Base German Borrowing Base of __ 1 
 UK Borrowing Base (delete as applicable) 
 
 (C) Aggregate principal amount of Borrowing 

(D) Date of Borrowing (which is a Business Day) 
 
 (E) Borrowing Revolving Loan Borrowing Swingline Loan borrowing (delete as applicable) 
 
 (F) Type of Borrowing ABR Loan Overnight Loan Term Benchmark Loan (delete as applicable) 

1 To include name of applicable Borrower. 

2 

(G) Interest Period 
 
 a. Overnight 
 
 b. One Month 
 
 c. Three Month 
 
 d. Six Month 
 
 (H. Location and number of the Borrower s account to which proceeds of the requested Borrowing are to be disbursed 
 
 NAME AND LOCATION OF BANK 
 
 (Account No. 
 
 The Borrower party to this Borrowing Request hereby certifies that the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 5.2 of the Credit Agreement have been satisfied and that, after giving effect to the Borrowing requested hereby, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit shall not exceed the maximum amount thereof specified in Section 2.1 of the Credit Agreement. 

3 

BORROWER 

By 
 
 Name 
 
 Title 

Exhibit C 
 to Amendment No. 2 to ABL Credit Agreement 

Form of Interest Election Request 

See Attached 

EXHIBIT C 

 FORM OF 
 INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 10 S. Dearborn, 22nd Floor 
 
 Attention Yvette Baber, Elena Ruiz, Chastity Parker Operations 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the ABL Credit Facility, dated September 1, 2021, Amendment No. 2 to the ABL Credit Facility, dated May 1, 2023 and as further amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Thor Industries, Inc. (the Parent Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower (the Subsidiary Borrowers , and, collectively with the Parent Borrower, the Borrowers ), the Lenders party thereto, certain other parties and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. This notice constitutes an Interest Election Request and the Borrower hereby gives you notice, pursuant to Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, that it requests to convert an existing Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to such conversion requested hereby 
 
 (A) Borrower Name 
 
 (B) List date, Type, principal amount , currency and Interest Period (if 
 applicable) of existing Borrowing 
 
 (C) Aggregate principal amount of resulting Borrowing 

(D) Effective date of interest election (which is a Business Day) 
 
 (E) Type of Borrowing 
 
 (F) Interest Period and last day thereof (if a Term Benchmark Borrowing) 

2 

 Very truly yours, 
 
 BORROWER , 
 
 by 
 
 Name 
 
 Title 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 tho7312023exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 The subsidiaries of the Registrant, excluding those which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of July 31, 2023, are 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction 2700 Real Estate Holdings, LLC Indiana Airstream, Inc. Nevada Airxcel, Inc. Kansas Aqua-Hot Heating Systems, LLC Colorado Balder Industries GmbH Germany B rstner GmbH & Co. KG Germany B rstner S.A. France CAN S.r.l. Italy Capron GmbH Germany Carado GmbH Germany Caravaning Customer Connect GmbH Germany Cleer Vision Tempered Glass, LLC Indiana Cruiser RV, LLC Indiana CVW, LLC Indiana Dethleffs France S.A.R.L. France Dethleffs GmbH & Co. KG Germany DICOR Corporation, Inc. Indiana DRV, LLC. Indiana Elkhart Composites, Inc. Indiana Erwin Hymer Center Bad Waldsee GmbH Germany Erwin Hymer Group Holdings UK Ltd. United Kingdom Erwin Hymer Group Iberica S.L. 51 economic interest Spain Erwin Hymer Group Immobilien GmbH Germany Erwin Hymer Group Immobilien Isny GmbH & Co. KG Germany Erwin Hymer Group Italia S.p.A. Italy Erwin Hymer Group Nederland BV Netherlands Erwin Hymer Group Nord AB Sweden Erwin Hymer Group Nord ApS Denmark Erwin Hymer Group Nowa Sol Sp. zo.o. Poland Erwin Hymer Group SE Germany Erwin Hymer Group Services GmbH Germany Erwin Hymer Group Stuttgart GmbH Germany Erwin Hymer Group Suomi OY Finland Erwin Hymer Group Sverige AB 51 economic interest Sweden Erwin Hymer Group UK Ltd. United Kingdom Etrusco GmbH Germany Freya Holdings Ltd. Bermuda Goldschmitt techmobil GmbH Germany Grundst cksgesellschaft Sassenberg GmbH & Co. KG Germany 

Heartland Recreational Vehicles, LLC Indiana Hodur Industries, LLC Indiana Hymer GmbH & Co. KG Germany Hymer Immobilien GmbH & Co. KG Germany Hymer Loisirs S.A.R.L. France France Jayco, Inc. d b a Starcraft RV, d b a Entegra Coach, d b a Highland Ridge, RV Indiana Keystone RV Company d b a Dutchmen Manufacturing, d b a CrossRoads RV Delaware K.Z., Inc. d b a Venture RV Indiana KZRV, L.P. Indiana Laika Caravans S.p.a. Italy LMC Caravan GmbH & Co. KG Germany Luoyang Erwin Hymer Loncen Caravan Co. LTD 50 economic interest China MCD Innovations, Inc. Texas Motorized Real Estate, LLC Indiana Movera GmbH Germany Niesmann+ Bischoff GmbH Germany Odin Industries GmbH Germany Postle Operating, LLC d b a Temple Operating and d b a Reflex Industries Delaware Rental Alliance GmbH Germany Seal Design, LLC Indiana Sif Industries B.V. Netherlands Sunlight GmbH Germany Thor Motor Coach, Inc. Delaware Thor Tech, Inc. Nevada Thor Wakarusa LLC Indiana Tiffin Group, LLC Indiana Tiffin Motor Homes, Inc. Alabama Towable Holdings, Inc. Delaware Tyr Holdings LLC & Co. KG Germany United Shade, LLC Indiana Vixen Composites, LLC Indiana 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 tho7312023exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-262661, 333-171385 and 333-215015 on Form S-8 of our reports dated September 25, 2023, relating to the financial statements of THOR Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of THOR Industries, Inc. for the year ended July 31, 2023. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 September 25, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 tho7312023exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Robert W. Martin, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of THOR Industries, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

DATE September 25, 2023 s Robert W. Martin Robert W. Martin President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 tho7312023exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Colleen Zuhl, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of THOR Industries, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

DATE September 25, 2023 s Colleen Zuhl Colleen Zuhl Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 tho7312023exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of THOR Industries, Inc. for the period ended July 31, 2023, I, Robert W. Martin, President and Chief Executive Officer of THOR Industries, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. this Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in this Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2023 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of THOR Industries, Inc. 

DATE September 25, 2023 s Robert W. Martin Robert W. Martin President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 tho7312023exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of THOR Industries, Inc. for the period ended July 31, 2023, I, Colleen Zuhl, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of THOR Industries, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. this Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in this Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2023 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of THOR Industries, Inc. 

DATE September 25, 2023 s Colleen Zuhl Colleen Zuhl Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 tho-20230731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 tho-20230731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 tho-20230731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 tho-20230731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 tho-20230731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

