<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230714_10-K_edgar_data_1603345_0001477932-23-005252.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2380153</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104965</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>521386</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>557458</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>478483</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>671633</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-005252.hdr.sgml : 20230714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230713201022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-005252
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230713

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Agentix Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001603345
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS, MATERIALS, SYNTH RESINS & NONVULCAN ELASTOMERS [2821]
		IRS NUMBER:				462876282
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55383
		FILM NUMBER:		231087774

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32932 PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		#14-254
		CITY:			DANA POINT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92629
		BUSINESS PHONE:		321-229-2014

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32932 PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		#14-254
		CITY:			DANA POINT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92629

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FairWind Energy Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140321

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-005252.txt : 20230714

10-K
 1
 agtx_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

agtx_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended Commission File No. ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, zip code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) ____________________________________________ (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of September 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is an affiliate) was . As of June 22, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. AGENTIX CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 10 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 10 Item 2. Properties 10 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 10 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 10 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 11 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 11 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 11 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 14 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-1 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 15 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 15 Item 9B. Other Information 15 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 16 Item 11. Executive Compensation 18 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 20 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 20 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 20 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 21 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 21 Signatures 22 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Agentix Corp., a Nevada corporation, contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , will , should , could , expects , plans , intends , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, the ability to protect our intellectual property, our strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Our management has included projections and estimates in this Form 10-K, which are based primarily on management s experience in the industry, assessments of our results of operations, discussions and negotiations with third parties and a review of information filed by our competitors with the SEC or otherwise publicly available. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. All references in this Form 10-K to the Company , Agentix , we , us, or our are to Agentix Corp. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. History The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 18, 2013 and has established a fiscal year end of March 31. Effective June 17, 2019, we changed our name from FairWind Energy, Inc. to Agentix Corp. and to better reflect the new focus of our business. We are a clinical development stage corporation with a focus on pharmaceutical treatments in the metabolic disease space and have not yet generated or realized meaningful revenues from our business. Until recently, our business plan focused on the design, engineering and manufacturing of composite products, specifically the supply products to the oil and gas industry. However, on May 28, 2020, entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the "Share Exchange Agreement") with GSL Healthcare, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("GSL Healthcare"), and the holders of common stock of GSL Healthcare, which consisted of two stockholders. The closing date occurred on June 1, 2020. Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company offered and sold 27,932,271 shares of common stock of the Company in consideration for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of GSL Healthcare. The effect of the issuance is that former two GSL Healthcare shareholders now hold approximately 88.0 of the issued shares of common stock of the Company, and GSL Healthcare is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In September of 2022, the Company established a subsidiary in Australia to conduct our development activities pertaining to our two key assets and partake in a tax rebate program that reimburses expenses 43.5 for biotechnology and/or pharmaceutical development activities conducted in Australia. The subsidiary has been named Agentix Australia Pty Ltd and is currently operational. Overview As a result of the Share Exchange Agreement, we plan to focus our business efforts on the development and commercialization of novel therapeutics to treat metabolic disease. Our principal business objective is to develop two key assets specifically designed to not cross the blood brain barrier (BBB); i.e., are peripherally-restricted . With these two assets, Agentix will endeavor to establish a firm presence in the area of metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome, variously known also as syndrome X, insulin resistance, etc., has been defined by the WHO as a pathologic condition characterized by abdominal obesity, insulin resistance, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia. Though it started in the Western world, with the spread of the Western lifestyle, it has become now a truly global problem. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome is often more in the urban population of some developing countries than in its Western counterparts. The two basic forces spreading this malady are the increase in consumption of high calorie-low fiber fast food and the decrease in physical activity due to mechanized transportations and sedentary form of leisure time activities. The syndrome feeds into the spread of the diseases like type 2 diabetes, coronary diseases, stroke, and other disabilities 1 (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5866840/). 4 Table of Contents The incidence of metabolic syndrome often parallels the incidence of obesity and incidence of type 2 diabetes (one of the outcomes of MetS). According to global survey of obesity in 195 countries, done in 2015, 604 million adults and 108 million children were obese. Since 1980, prevalence of obesity doubled in 73 countries and increased in most other countries. Of even greater concern was that the rate of increase was even higher in childhood obesity. According to IDF diabetes atlas, global prevalence of diabetes is 8.8 (415 m) as of 2015 and is expected to increase to 10.4 (642 m) by 2040. While there is difficulty on gathering the same quality of data for metabolic syndrome, some estimates have the global prevalence to be about one quarter of the world population which amounts to over a billion people in the world are now affected with metabolic syndrome 1 . The above factors will in part drive the global demand for biopharmaceuticals, along with an increase in the global acceptance of biopharmaceuticals to treat and manage these medical conditions. In addition, an increase in strategic partnerships between biopharmaceutical companies is also expected to complement the growth of the biopharmaceuticals industry. Furthermore, clearance for newer biopharmaceutical products and continuous R D is also expected to improve this market positively. We envision that Agentix will play the part of developing new chemical entities to the initial stages of clinical efficacy and then partner with larger biopharma players for the pivotal stages of commercialization. Cannabinoid type 1 receptor is expressed in several peripheral locations, such as the liver, adipose tissue, and pancreas, where it is involved in the regulation of various physiological effects, including glucose and lipid metabolism. It is also expressed in the central nervous system (CNS) where it regulates functions such as appetite and reward. Peripheral CB1 receptors have been demonstrated to regulate glucose and lipid metabolism. Blockade of peripheral CB1 receptors in preclinical animal models results in a significant reduction in lipogenesis and gluconeogenesis, enhancement of insulin sensitivity, decreased adiposity and hepatic steatosis, and protection in pancreatic cells, demonstrating the potential of this strategy for amelioration of obesity and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and also reduced incidence of T2DM. Thus, developing antagonists targeting peripheral CB1 receptors, without inducing psychological adverse effects, is a potential therapeutic strategy in managing these conditions. Previous attempts to target the peripheral CB1 receptor by Pfizer (otenabant), Merck (taranabant) and Sanofi (rimonabant) were terminated due to toxicities resulting from these drug candidates crossing the blood-brain barrier. A renewed pharmaceutical development effort is underway to target peripheral CB1 receptors by designing drug candidates that are restricted from crossing the blood-brain barrier, and exert their therapeutic effect only within the periphery. For example, Takeda has entered into a license agreement with Goldfinch Bio to develop a monoclonal antibody with targets the peripheral CB1 receptor. Inversago Pharma is developing a peripherally-restricted CB1 inverse agonist as a possible treatment for the rare genetic disorder Prader Willi Syndrome. Our Pipeline AGTX-2004 AGTX-2004 (also known as DBPR211) is a peripherally-acting CB1 receptor antagonist that has demonstrated efficacy in animal models of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). AGTX-2004 was well tolerated in animal models of toxicity, and did not cross the blood-brain barrier. An Investigational New Drug Application (IND application) was cleared by the Food Drug Administration of the United States of America (FDA), and we are preparing to commence a Phase 1 safety and tolerability dose escalation assessment in humans. This study will take place under the management of our subsidiary Agentix Australia Pty Ltd. We entered into a worldwide exclusive license agreement with Taiwan s National Health Research Institute (NHRI) on March 21, 2021 for exclusive worldwide rights development and commercial rights to AGTX-2004. In exchange to global rights to the asset and its intellectual property, we will pay NHRI a series of development and commercialization milestones, and will pay royalties on product sales once obtaining market authorization from competent regulatory authorities. 5 Table of Contents AGTX-2003 AGTX-2003 (also known as RTI-1092769) is a peripherally-acting CB1 receptor inverse agonist that has demonstrated efficacy in animal models of obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). AGTX-2003 was well tolerated in animal models of toxicity, and did not cross the blood-brain barrier. We are currently advancing AGTX-2003 in additional enabling animal studies in preparation of filing an IND application with the FDA. These studies will be managed by our subsidiary Agentix Australia Pty Ltd. We have entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement for ABP-2003 with Research Triangle Institute (RTI) on March 16, 2020. In exchange to the global development and commercial rights, we will pay RTI a series of development and commercial milestones, and royalties on product sales once obtaining market authorization from competent regulatory authorities. License Agreement On May 21, 2021, we received notice of effectiveness of that certain License Agreement (the "License Agreement"), dated May 10, 2021, by and between the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Applied BioPharma LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, and National Health Research Institutes, a Taiwan, Republic of China, entity, pursuant to which the Company purchased a worldwide, terminable, royalty-bearing, exclusive license for the technology and patent rights underlying patents and patent applications to make, have made, offer for sale, sell, have sold, use, have used, import or have imported products related to pyrazole compounds, to treat Type 2 diabetes, obesity and fatty liver disease. This technology is a peripherally restricted cannabinoid receptor 1 antagonist that has successfully completed preliminary pre-clinical and in vivo testing requirements for advancement into Phase I clinical trials. The Company is required to pay a licensing fee and a document delivery fee within 30 days of the date of the License Agreement. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay 16 product milestone payments related to Phase I, Phase II, Phase III and US Food and Drug Administration, European Union, European Medicines Agency, Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency and other market approvals, and upon achieving 100,000,000 in worldwide sales. Additional payments the Company is obligated to pay are (i) an annual royalty equal to 4 of net sales of products sold using technology and patents rights under the License Agreement, and (ii) an annual license fee and quality and stability testing fees. The term of the License Agreement is until the last of the licensed patent rights and the exclusive market approval for the products made or using the technology and rights underlying the licensed patents expire on a county-by-country basis. The terms of the patents subject to the License Agreement with the longest terms are 20 years. Biopharma Industry The global demand for biopharmaceuticals is driven by a number of factors like increase in the elderly population, an increase in the prevalence of chronic diseases like cancer and diabetes, and an increase in the global acceptance of biopharmaceuticals. In addition, an increase in strategic partnerships between biopharmaceutical companies is also expected to complement the growth of the biopharmaceuticals industry. Furthermore, clearance for newer biopharmaceutical products and continuous R D is also expected to improve this market positively. However, the high costs of these medications are one of the main constraints on this industry and, in order to make them economically viable, the cost needs to be reduced greatly. The global market for the biopharma is segmented into product, therapeutic area, application, and region. Based on product, the market is for biopharma is segmented into recombinant growth factors, monoclonal antibodies, recombinant proteins, vaccines, purified proteins, recombinant hormones, and other product types. The monoclonal antibodies market is further divided into anti-inflammatory monoclonal antibodies, anti-cancer monoclonal antibodies, and other monoclonal antibodies. The purified proteins market is further bifurcated into P38 protein, leukemia inhibitory factor, P53 protein, and other purified proteins. The recombinant proteins market is further divided into serum albumin, defensin, amyloid protein, and transferrin. Vaccines are further divided into conventional vaccines, recombinant vaccines, and recombinant enzymes. The recombinant growth factors are further divided into granulocyte colony stimulating factors, and erythropoietin. The recombinant hormones market is further divided into recombinant human growth hormones, recombinant insulin, and other recombinant hormones. The market for monoclonal antibodies held almost 28 share of the market in 2019. Monoclonal antibodies are used in cancer treatment areas. Their usage is becoming increasingly widespread in developed countries like the U.S. and the U.K. Contrary, the recombinant proteins segment is expected to show rapid growth over the forecast period. 6 Table of Contents Segmentation Analysis Based on therapeutic application, the market is categorized into oncology, inflammatory and infectious diseases, neurological diseases, infectious diseases, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic disorders, hormonal disorders, and other diseases. The oncology segment held almost 25 share of the market in 2019. According to the International Agency for Cancer Research (IARC), there were almost 18 million new cases of cancer and 10 million deaths in 2018. In fact, the United Nations Program on HIV and AIDS (UNAIDS) estimated that 37 million people were living with HIV in 2017. Such disquieting statistics has raised an urgent need to change the situation by innovating new and successful medicines that can cure such deadly diseases consequently raising the number of deaths. Apparently, biopharmaceutical drugs are considered to be effective in curing these chronic diseases rather than merely treating the same symptoms. Regional Analysis Regionally, the market is divided into Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, North America, and Middle East Africa. North America held almost 37 in 2019 due to the presence of sophisticated healthcare facilities, increasing geriatric population base, and increased healthcare expenditure in the country. Asia Pacific is likely to grow at high CAGR in the forecast period. Increased investment in R D, increased acceptance and availability of biopharmaceuticals for disease treatment and increased understanding of disease diagnosis are some of the factors of market growth in this region. Moreover, this area offers tremendous prospects for venture capitalists and investors as developed markets are largely saturated. Competition The biopharma industry is characterized by fierce competition, is growing rapidly, evolving constantly, and the possibility for innovative companies to succeed within it is significant. The biopharma industry is, in all respects, global and Agentix will have competitors around the world, including but not limited to the following: Novo Nordisk A/S (Denmark), Johnson Johnson (U.S.), Pfizer, Inc., (U.S.), Hoffmann-La Roche (Switzerland), Eli Lilly and Company, Ltd. (U.K.), Biogen, Inc. (U.S.), Merck Co., Inc. (U.S.), Sanofi (France), Bristol Myers Squibb Company (U.S.), and Bayer AG (Germany) among others. Intellectual Property We will rely on a combination of trademark laws, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and other contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights, which are primarily our brand names, product designs and marks. We do not own any patents, although we may apply for some in the future based on the success of our business plan. Government Regulation The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the US FDA's refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 7 Table of Contents Any product development activities related to the Company or products that we may develop or acquire in the future will be subject to extensive regulation by various government authorities, including the FDA, other federal, state and local agencies and comparable regulatory authorities in other countries, which regulate the design, research, clinical and non-clinical development, testing, manufacturing, storage, distribution, import, export, labeling, advertising and marketing of pharmaceutical products and devices. Generally, before a new drug can be sold, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific to each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. The data are often generated in two distinct development states: pre-clinical and clinical. The products that the Company may develop or acquire in the future must be approved by the FDA before they may be legally marketed in the United States. For new chemical entities, the pre-clinical development stage generally involves synthesizing the active component, developing the formulation and determining the manufacturing process, as well as carrying out non-human toxicology, pharmacology and drug metabolism studies that support subsequent clinical testing. These pre-clinical laboratory and animal tests are often performed under the FDA's Good Laboratory Practices regulations. A drug's sponsor must submit the result of the pre-clinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol to the FDA as part of an IND application, which is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational drug or biological product to humans. Similar filings are required in other countries. Post-Marketing Requirements Following approval of a new product, a pharmaceutical company and the approved product are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA and other federal and state regulatory authorities, including, among other things, monitoring and recordkeeping activities, reporting to applicable regulatory authorities of adverse experiences with the product, providing the regulatory authorities with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting drugs for uses or in patient populations not described in the drug's approved labeling (known as "off-label use"), and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such off-label uses. Modifications or enhancements to the products or labeling or changes of site of manufacture are often subject to the approval of the FDA and other regulators, which may or may not be received or may result in a lengthy review process. The FDA regulations require the products be manufactured in specific approved facilities and in accordance with current good manufacturing practices, and NDA holders must list their products and register their manufacturing establishments with the FDA. These regulations also impose certain organizational, procedural and documentation requirements with respect to manufacturing and quality assurance activities. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with current good manufacturing practice and other laws. NDA holders using contract manufacturers, laboratories or packagers are responsible for the selection and monitoring of qualified firms. These firms are subject to inspections by the FDA at any time, and the discovery of violative conditions could result in enforcement actions that interrupt the operation of any such facilities or the ability to distribute products manufactured, processed or tested by them. Other Regulatory Matters Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including, in the United States, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, and state and local governments. These regulations include: the federal healthcare program anti-kickback law which prohibits, among other things, persons from soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 8 Table of Contents federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other government reimbursement programs that are false or fraudulent. The government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal healthcare program anti-kickback law or related to off-label promotion constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal false claims laws; the Federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within the ACA, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, the physicians and teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA's privacy and security standards directly applicable to "business associates" independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys' fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act; The Lanham Act and federal antitrust laws; state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third party payer, including commercial insurers, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts. Distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, traceability, and storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. Research and Development Activities and Costs We incurred 711,506 and 279,912, respectively, in research and development costs for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Employees As of March 31, 2023, we had no full-time or part-time employees. Our business is operated by our sole officer, Salman Hoda. Properties We currently do not rent any real property or offices. Our current business address is 32932 Pacific Coast Highway, #14-254, Dana Point, California 92629, which is a virtual office. 9 Table of Contents Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except as noted below, we are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating result. There are no material proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates or any registered or beneficial shareholder of more than 5 of our common stock is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. Facilities We currently do not rent any real property or offices. Our current business address is 32932 Pacific Coast Highway, #14-254, Dana Point, California 92629. OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICES Our executive offices are located at 32932 Pacific Coast Highway, #14-254, Dana Point, California 92629. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. Our current business address is 32932 Pacific Coast Highway, #14-254, Dana Point, California 92629. We believe that this space is adequate for our current needs. Our telephone number is (321) 299-2014. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 10 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters Market Information. Market Information and Holders Our shares of common stock are quoted on the over-the-counter markets, currently on the OTC Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the OTC Markets Group ), under the stock symbol AGTX . As of June 23, 2023, the Company had 40,066,931 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and we had approximately 226 holders of our common stock. Dividends Historically, we have not paid any dividends to the holders of our common stock and we do not expect to pay any such dividends in the foreseeable future as we expect to retain our future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Transfer Agent Our transfer agent is West Coast Stock Transfer, Inc. West Coast Stock Transfer ), whose address 721 N. Vulcan Ave., Encinitas, California 92024. West Coast Stock Transfer s telephone number is (619) 664-4780. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans We have not established any compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. Purchases Of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during the year ended March 31, 2023. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. OVERVIEW The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 18, 2013 and we initially established a fiscal year end of August 31. In March 2022, we changed our fiscal year end to March 31. 11 Table of Contents Merger with GSL Healthcare On May 28, 2020, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement ), by and among the Company, and GSL Healthcare, Inc., a Nevada corporation GSL Healthcare ), and the holders of common stock of GSL Healthcare, which consisted of two stockholders. The closing date occurred on June 1, 2020. Under the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, we offered and sold 27,932,271 shares of our common stock of the Company in consideration for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of GSL Healthcare. The effect of the issuance is that former two GSL Healthcare shareholders hold approximately 88.0 of the then issued shares of common stock of the Company, and GSL Healthcare is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The merger between the Company and GSL Healthcare was treated as a reverse capitalization for financial statement reporting purposes with GSL Healthcare deemed the accounting acquirer and the Company deemed the accounting acquiree. Accordingly, GSL Healthcare assets, liabilities and results of operations became our historical financial statements. Prior to the Share Exchange, we had 3,806,613 shares of outstanding common stock which remained outstanding as part of the merger. Merger with Applied Biopharma In July 2021, we entered into and completed an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among our Company, AB Merger LLC, a Nevada limited liability company and our wholly-owned subsidiary AB Merger ), and Applied Biopharma, pursuant to which Applied BioPharma merged into AB Merger and the effect of which is that, upon and assuming consummation of the Merger Agreement, Applied Biopharma became a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company. We paid one share of our common stock for the acquisition of Applied Biopharma under the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. The acquisition of Applied Biopharma was considered immaterial, as Applied Biopharma had minimal activity and had no assets or liabilities as of the date of acquisition. As such, we have included the activity of Applied Biopharma for the period following the completion of the Merger Agreement. COVID-19 We continue to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and our Company and have concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position and results of our operations, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of this filing. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States US GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and to the understanding of our financial results: Deferred Tax Assets and Income Tax Provision We account for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent we conclude it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. We adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Section 740-10-25 ). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under Section 740-10-25, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. Recent Accounting Pronouncements We do not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flow. 12 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended March 31, 2023 as compared to Year Ended March 31, 2022: We recorded no revenues during the year ended March 31, 2023 and 1,240 of revenue during our year ended March 31, 2022. Gross margin related to our revenues incurred during the year ended March 31, 2022 was 679. For the year ended March 31, 2023, professional fees were 520,238 as compared to 2,182,043 for the year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in professional fees mainly related to 1.6 million in lower cost related to the issuance of non-cash shares for services previously provided. For the year ended March 31, 2023, we incurred total research and development expenses of 711,506 as compared to 279,912 for our year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was mainly related to patent filing costs that we incurred related to our development efforts along with the non-cash issuance of shares for services previously provided and higher consulting fees as compared to same period in 2022. We significantly increased our research and development efforts during our year ended March 31, 2023, which is anticipated to continue. For our year ended March 31, 2023, general and administrative expenses were 140,012 as compared to 165,355 for our year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily related to our write-off of inventory during our year ended March 31, 2022 for which we didn t have a similar expense during our year ended March 31, 2023. This was offset slightly by higher operating expenses during our year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to 2022. For the year ended March 31, 2023, cash used from our operating activities was 88,541 of cash as compared to a use of cash of 25,204 during our year ended March 31, 2022. The increase in cash used in our operations related primarily to our increase in research and development expenses, along with prepayments we made during our year ended March 31, 2023. This was offset slightly by an increase in accounts payable during our year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to 2022, including accounts payable from related parties. For our year ended March 31, 2023, cash from financing was 100,000 versus nil for our year ended March 31, 2022. Cash from financings consisted of our sale of stock for 50,000 along with a note we issued for 50,000. We did not incur or obtain cash from investing activities during our year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in our consolidated financial statements for our year ended March 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit, we did not incur any revenue and we had a net loss along with no cash generated from our operations. In addition, we owe our vendors and related parties 2,501,445 as of March 31, 2023 and had cash on hand of 12,369. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We are attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, our cash position is not sufficient to support our daily operations. As such, we will need to raise funds to complete our plan of operation and fund our ongoing operational expenses for the next 12 months. Additional funding will likely come from equity financing from the sale of our common stock or debt financing. If we are successful in completing an equity financing, existing shareholders will experience dilution of their interest in our Company and if we obtain debt financing, the terms of any such debt financing may not be favorable to existing shareholders. We cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock or obtaining debt to fund our development activities and ongoing operational expenses. In the absence of such financing, our business will likely fail. There are no assurances that we will be able to achieve further sales of our common stock or any other form of additional financing. If we are unable to achieve the financing necessary to continue our plan of operations, then we will not be able to continue our development to complete our plan of operation and our business will fail. 13 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders Subsequent Events In April 2023, Gray s Peak extend the due date of our Note with them by 45 days (see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements). As such, the new maturity date is June 30, 2023. In April and May 2023, we received an additional 50,000 and 20,000, respectively, related to our Note with Gray s Peak. See note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. In accordance with ASC 855, we have analyzed our operations subsequent to March 31, 2023 through the date these financial statements were issued, and have determined that we don t have any other material subsequent events to disclose in these financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 14 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements. Agentix, Inc. Index to the Financial Statements Contents Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance sheets at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Year Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Notes to the financial statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Agentix Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Agentix Corp. and Subsidiaries the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit and a net loss. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. July 13, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents Agentix Corp. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Assets Current Assets Cash Prepaid expense and other current assets Total current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accounts payable - related parties Note payable - related party Accrued expenses Total current liabilities Long Term Liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders' Deficit Common stock par value : shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively Common stock to be issued at March 31, 2023 and nil at March 31, 2022) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents Agentix Corp. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement of Operations Year Ended Year Ended March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Revenue Cost of goods sold Gross margin Operating Expenses Professional fees Research and development General and administrative expenses Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other expense Foreign exchange loss Interest expense Other expense, net Loss before Income tax provision Income tax provision Net loss Other comprehensive income Change in foreign currency translation, net of tax Total other comprehensive loss Loss per share - Basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic and diluted See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents Agentix Corp. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit For the Year Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 Common stock par value 0.001 Common Additional Other Total Number of Shares Amount Stock to be Issued Paid-in Capital Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Stockholders' Deficit Balance, March 31, 2021 Issuance of previous common stock to be issued Common stock issued to management for services Common stock issued to consultants for services Common stock issued for software Net Loss Balance March 31, 2022 Shares issued for cash Common stock issued to board member for services Common stock issued to consultants for services Common stock issued for services 42,375 Common stock issued for software Foreign exchange translation gain Net loss Balance, March 31, 2023 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents Agentix Corp. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Year Ended Year Ended March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Amortization of stock issued for software Stock issued for services Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepayments and other current assets Accrued expenses, accounts payable and accounts payable - related party Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of debt Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Effects of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash Net Change in Cash Cash - beginning of reporting period Cash - end of reporting period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Income tax paid Non Cash Financing and Investing Activities Issuance of stock for software subscription See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents shares of common stock of the Company in consideration for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of GSL Healthcare. The effect of the issuance is that GSL Healthcare became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The closing date occurred on June 1, 2020. The merger between the Company and GSL Healthcare was treated as a reverse capitalization for financial statement reporting purposes with GSL Healthcare deemed the accounting acquirer and the Company deemed the accounting acquiree. Accordingly, GSL Healthcare s assets, liabilities and results of operations became the historical financial statements of the Company. GSL Healthcare s inception date was April 15, 2020. Merger with Applied Biopharma In July 2021, the Company entered into and completed an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, AB Merger LLC, a Nevada limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company AB Merger ), and Applied Biopharma, pursuant to which Applied BioPharma merged into AB Merger and the effect of which is that, upon and assuming consummation of the Merger Agreement, Applied Biopharma became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company paid one share of its common stock for the acquisition of Applied Biopharma and thus the acquisition of Applied Biopharma was considered immaterial, as Applied Biopharma had minimal activity and had no assets or liabilities as of the date of merger. As such, the Company has included the activity of Applied Biopharma for the period following the completion of the Merger Agreement. Going Concern The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the consolidated financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit on March 31, 2023 and a net loss for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Cash on hand as of March 31, 2023 was . The Company is attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position is not sufficient to support its daily operations and it will need further funding. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, GSL Healthcare, Inc., AB Merger LLC, Agentix Australia Pty Ltd, and Applied Biopharma, all owned entities. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. F-7 Table of Contents Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions Accounting for Leases Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-8 Table of Contents as of March 31, 2023 related to obligations for clinical research for which the Company is obligated to pay, but hasn t recorded the expense as the related services were not completed by the vendor as of March 31, 2023. There were no similar prepayments as of March 31, 2022. as of March 31, 2023 related to Goods and Services Tax (GST). GST relates to expenses and assets from the Company s Agentix Australian Pty Ltd entity that is recognized net of the amount of GST, except where the amount of GST incurred is not recoverable from the Australian Taxation Office. There was no GST as of March 31, 2022. and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to shares issued for prepaid software (see note 4). Inventories for inventory that was deemed not sellable. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company did not record a provision for excess or obsolete inventory. Carrying Value, Recoverability and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Cash Equivalents F-9 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Research and Development Foreign Currency Translation Related Parties F-10 Table of Contents Deferred Tax Assets and Income Tax Provision Earnings per Share F-11 Table of Contents Recent Accounting Pronouncements of management fees; for IT expenses; for reimbursement of rent; and of advances to the Company to cover certain operating expenses and accounts payable from SBS Management LLC, a company controlled by Mr. Scott Stevens who is a shareholder of the Company. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company granted shares of its common stock to SBS Management LLC in exchange for services previously provided. The shares were valued at a price of per share or , which was the then fair market value as per the market closing price as of the date of the Company s grant of these shares. As of March 31, 2023, these shares had not been issued and were included in common stock to be issued in the consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company incurred of management fees; related to non-cash stock compensation for the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock issued at a fair market value on the date of issuance of per share; for IT expenses; for reimbursement of rent; and of advances to the Company to cover certain operating expenses and accounts payable from SBS Management LLC. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and were included in Accounts payable related parties on the accompanying balance sheet. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing, with no formal terms of repayment. F-12 Table of Contents and , respectively, and was included in accounts payable related parties on the accompanying balance sheet. Gray s Peak Capital Note Payable On January 15, 2023, . The Note matures and becomes due and payable in full on the 4 th month anniversary of the loan (May 15, 2023). The Company has the option of prepaying any part of the Note in whole or in part without any premium or penalty. In April 2023, Gray s Peak extended the due date of the Note by 45 days (see Note 6). This Note is secured by a pledge by the Company of favor of Gray s Peak of all of the assets and property of the Company, including without limitation all R D tax credits, goods, tangible property, machinery, owned equipment, furniture, fixtures, vehicles, parts, accounts, deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights, chattel paper, contract rights, documents, instruments, investment property, choses in action, general intangibles, goodwill and intellectual property, of any kind or nature, wherever located, in which Company has an interest now or in the future, and which are now existing or hereafter created or acquired, together with any and all additions, replacements, accessions and substitutions thereto or therefore, and any proceeds thereof excluding equipment leased by the Company (collectively called the Collateral ). Gray s Peak interest is senior to the unsecured debt or lenders of the Company and the Company s equity holders. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, as defined in the agreement, the principal sum, all accrued and unpaid interest owing thereon and all costs and expenses payable pursuant to this Note, shall, at the sole option of Gray s Peak and with submission of written notice, become immediately due and payable. As of March 31, 2023, the Company borrowed , which was included in note payable related party on the accompanying balance sheet and of interest was accrued and included in accrued expenses. Management During the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred consulting fees from a consulting agreement with the Company s President and Board member of and , respectively, of which during the year ended March 31, 2022 related to non-cash stock compensation for the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock issued at a fair value on the date of issuance of per share. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and , respectively, was included in accounts payable related parties on the accompanying balance sheet. During the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred consulting fees from a consulting agreement with the Company s then CEO of and , respectively, of which during the year ended March 31, 2022 related to non-cash stock compensation for the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock issued at a fair value on the date of issuance of per share. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and , respectively, was included in accounts payable related parties on the accompanying balance sheet. Consulting Fees During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company incurred of consulting fees related to the non-cash issuance of shares of the Company s common stock at a fair market value of per share on the date of issuance to Emmes Group Consulting LLC Emmes ), which the Company s Chief Scientific Officer is the managing director of Emmes. The fair market value of the common stock issued was determined based on the historical market price of the Company s common stock as of the date of issuance. shares of common stock at a par value of per share and had issued and outstanding shares of common stock of and , respectively. Shares Issued for Cash During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company sold shares of its common stock to an accredited investor for per share for total proceeds of . F-13 Table of Contents and shares of its common stock to a board member and certain consultants, respectively, in exchange for services previously provided. The shares were valued at a price of per share or , which was the then fair market value as per the market closing price as of the date of the Company s grant of these shares. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company granted shares of its common stock to SBS Management LLC in exchange for services previously provided. As of March 31, 2023, these shares had not been issued and were included in common stock to be issued in the consolidated balance sheet. See Note 3 During the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company granted and shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, in exchange for a one year software subscription, which totaled and , respectively. The fair value of the common stock issued was and , respectively, which was determined based on the historical market price of the Company s common stock as of the date of issuance. The fair value determined is being amortized ratably over the one-year subscription period to general and administrative expenses. As of March 31, 2023, 107,102 shares of the shares granted during the year ended March 31, 2023 had not been issued and were included in common stock to be issued in the consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company shares of its common stock to related parties. See note 3. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued of shares previously during the year ended March 31, 2021 that had not been issued. and as of March 31, 2023, respectively, of which the Company provided a full valuation allowance of and , respectively, and thus had a deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance of nil as of March 21, 2022 and 2023, respectively. for all periods presented. The Company s income tax filings are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. The Company s open audit periods include from Inception (April 15, 2020) to the current tax year. and , respectively, in cash related to the Note with Gray s Peak (see Note 3). In accordance with ASC 855, the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to March 31, 2023 through the date these financial statements were issued and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose in these financial statements. F-14 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we are responsible for conducting an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures means that the material information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms relating to our company, including any consolidating subsidiaries, and was made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period when this report was being prepared. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2023. Management s Annual Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting As of March 31, 2023, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; Provide reasonable assurance our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statement. In evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, our management used the criteria set forth by the 2013 version of Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on that evaluation, completed only by Salman Hoda, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and a director, who also serves as our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, Mr. Hoda concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that were considered to be material weaknesses. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (i) lack of a functioning audit committee due to a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (ii) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (iii) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by Mr. Hoda, our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director, who also serves as our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, in connection with the review of our financial statements as of March 31, 2023. Management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 15 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our executive officers and directors and their respective ages as of March 31, 2023 are as follows: Name Age Position with the Company Salman Hoda 43 Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director Riazul (Rehan) Huda 54 Director Directors are elected by our stockholders and hold office until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Officers are appointed by our board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors for the past five years. Biographical Information Salman Hoda Salman Hoda has served as our Chief Executive Officer since December 15, 2022, as our Secretary and Treasurer since December 14, 2020, and as a director since July 11, 2022. Since February 2018, Mr. Hoda has owned and operated Salman Hoda Pharma Consulting Inc., of Mississauga, Ontario, a pharmaceutical consulting business. From February 2018 to June 2020, Mr. Hoda acted as Director Pharmaceutical Program, for Green Sky Labs. , Oakville, Ontario. From December 2017 to February 2018, Mr. Hoda was Program Lead Transformation Office at Apotex Inc. , Toronto, Ontario. From June 2017 to December 2017, Mr. Hoda was Manager Business Development Portfolio Management, at Apobiologix , Toronto, Ontario, and Manager Business Evaluations Development from November 2015 until May 2017. In April 2002. Mr. Hoda obtained an Honours Bachelor of Science from University of Waterloo, of Waterloo, Ontario. In April 2009, he obtained a Masters of Business Administration Marketing from Rotman School of Management, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario. Riazul (Rehan) Huda Riazul (Rehan) Huda has served as a director of the Company since July 2, 2020. Since January 2016, Mr. Huda has served as Chief Executive Officer of Green Sky Labs Inc, a Canada-based technology incubation company focused on the proprietary processing technologies (e.g. extraction, isolation and purification) and the healthcare industries. Mr. Huda has held various positions within the federal government of Canada, including Senior Economist for the Department of Finance and Senior Analyst for the Natural Resources and Industry Departments. He is a recipient of the Canadian government s Public Service Award of Excellence for his financial and economic analysis related to the awarding of operating licenses to wireless telecommunication service providers. Mr. Huda has over 20 years of experience in investment banking, entrepreneurship, and corporate finance. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts and Masters of Arts (Economics and Psychology) from the University of Manitoba, which he attended from 1987 to 1994. Mr. Huda s experience in finance and economics led to our conclusion that Mr. Huda should be serving as a member of our board of directors in light of our business and structure. 16 Table of Contents Term of Office All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. The Company s Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors will consist of no less than three members. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Our board of directors is currently composed of two members, none of whom qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market (the Company has no plans to list on the NASDAQ Global Market). The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to our director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by our director and us with regard to our director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS No director, person nominated to become a director, executive officer, promoter or control person of our company has, during the last ten years: (i) been convicted in or is currently subject to a pending a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (ii) been a party to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a result of such proceeding was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to any federal or state securities or banking or commodities laws including, without limitation, in any way limiting involvement in any business activity, or finding any violation with respect to such law, nor (iii) any bankruptcy petition been filed by or against the business of which such person was an executive officer or a general partner, whether at the time of the bankruptcy or for the two years prior thereto. SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS Other than our officers and directors, we currently have no other significant employees. None of our officers and directors have an employment agreement with us. AUDIT COMMITTEE AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Since we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial expert, nor has the Board of Directors established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since the Company is an early development stage company and has only two directors, and to date, such directors have been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. There are no family relationships among our directors or officers. Other than as described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. STOCKHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS We have not implemented a formal policy or procedure by which our stockholders can communicate directly with our Board of Directors. Nevertheless, every effort has been made to ensure that the views of stockholders are heard by the Board of Directors or individual directors, as applicable, and that appropriate responses are provided to stockholders in a timely manner. We believe that we are responsive to stockholder communications, and therefore have not considered it necessary to adopt a formal process for stockholder communications with our Board. During the upcoming year, our Board will continue to monitor whether it would be appropriate to adopt such a process. 17 Table of Contents CODE OF ETHICS The Company has not adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our officers for all services rendered in all capacities to us as of the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Rudy Mazzocchi (1) 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- 375,000 (4) -0- -0- -0- -0- 375,000 Salman Hoda (2) 2023 -0- -0- 30,600 (3) -0- -0- -0- -0- 30,600 2022 -0- -0- 375,000 (4) -0- -0- -0- -0- 375,000 ________ (1) Appointed Chief Executive Officer, President, and a director of the Company on July 2, 2020, deceased on August 23, 2022. (2) Appointed Secretary and Treasurer December 14, 2020. Appointed Chief Executive Officer on December 15, 2022. (3) 300,000 shares of common stock granted by the board of directors as compensation for services rendered to the Company. (4) 750,000 shares of common stock granted by the board of directors as compensation for services rendered to the Company. STOCK OPTION GRANTS There were no stock options exercised by the named executive officers as of the end of the fiscal period ended March 31, 2023. 18 Table of Contents EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS Salman Hoda Pharma Consulting Inc., an Ontario, Canada, corporation (the Consultant ), and an entity controlled by Mr. Hoda on the one hand, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company on the other hand, are parties to that certain Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement ), dated October 1, 2020, pursuant to which the Company pays Consultant a monthly fee of 17,500, and Consultant is obligated to manage our consumer healthcare products in partnership with Bionova Lab and our pharmaceutical programs, as well as certain investor relations activities. The Consulting Agreement, terminates on December 31, 2022 (the Termination Date ), and automatically renews for one-year periods on each anniversary of the Termination Date unless terminated by either the Company or Consultant not less than 90-days notice prior to a date that the Consulting Agreement terminates. Consultant is also eligible to participate in company incentive plans and reimbursement for expenses incurring in the performance of services for the Company. The Consulting Agreement contains customary terms regarding confidentiality, intellectual property assignment from the Consultant to the Company, and termination by the Company for cause, Termination by the Consultant for good reason, and termination by reason of death or disability. Additionally, either the Company or the Consultant may terminate the Consulting Agreement with 30-days notice the parties to the Consulting Agreement. On September 9, 2022, the Company and Mr. Hoda entered into First Amendment to the Consulting Agreement (the First Amendment ). Under the First Amendment, the Company can terminate the Consultant without or for any reason only with prior written notice of 180 days. However, if the Consultant is terminated without good reason, then the termination may not be effective unless the Company effects the payment of all indemnities according to the applicable legislation and in accordance with the Consulting Amendment. Additionally, the First Amendment increased the Consultant s monthly pay from 12,500 to 17,500 for the additional consideration of Mr. Hoda acting as a director to the Company. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table sets forth director compensation as of March 31, 2023 and 2022: Name Year Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Rudy Mazzocchi (1) 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Riazul (Rehan) Huda (2) 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Salman Hoda 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- ________ (1) Appointed Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of the Company on July 2, 2020. Deceased August 23, 2022. (2) Appointed a director of the Company on July 2, 2020. (3) Appointed a director of the Company on July 11, 2022. 19 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table lists, as of the date of this Form 10-K, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. The percentages below are calculated based on 40,066,931 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this Form 10-K. We do not have any outstanding warrant, options or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Percentage of Common Stock Owned (1)(2) 5 Owners: Green Sky Labs (4) 8,379,681 (4) 20.9 Officers and Directors: Salman Hoda (3) 1,050,000 2.6 Riazul (Rehan) Huda 8,379,681 20.9 All current officer and directors as a group (2 persons) 9,429,681 23.5 ________ (1) Shares of common stock beneficially owned and the respective percentages of beneficial ownership of common stock assume the exercise of all options and other securities convertible into common stock beneficially owned by such person or entity currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of September 22, 2020, except as otherwise noted. Shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options and other securities convertible into common stock exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding and held by the holder of such options or other securities for computing the percentage of outstanding common stock beneficially owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of outstanding common stock beneficially owned by any other person. (2) These percentages have been calculated based on 40,066,931 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 22, 2023. (3) 300,000 shares held by Salman Hoda Pharma Consulting Inc. (4) Riazul (Rehan) Huda, a member of our board of directors, has sole voting and dispositive power over the securities held by this entity. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS None. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the total fees charged to the company for audit services, including quarterly reviews were 37,963 and 29,500, total fees charged for tax services and other services were 0 and 0, respectively. 20 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE (a) The following Exhibits, as required by Item 601 of Regulation SK, are attached or incorporated by reference, as stated below. Number Description 3.1.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 3.1.3 Certificate of Change 3.2 Bylaws 10.1# First Amendment to the Consulting Agreement, dated September 9, 2022, by and between Agentix Corp. and Salman Hoda Pharma Consulting, Inc. 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Registrant 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) _____________ Furnished, not filed. #Indicates managment contract of compensatory plan. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 21 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AGENTIX CORP. (Name of Registrant) Date: July 13, 2023 By: /s/ Salman Hoda Name: Salman Hoda Title: Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Salman Hoda as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Agentix Corp. for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, grant unto said attorney-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the foregoing, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agents, or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. Date: July 13, 2023 By: /s/ Salman Hoda Name: Salman Hoda Title: Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) Dated: July 13, 2023 By: /s/ Riazul (Rehan) Huda Name: Riazul (Rehan) Huda Title: Director 22 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 agtx_ex101.htm
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT
 
 agtx_ex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 AGENTIX Corp. FIRST AMENDMENT to the CONSULTING AGREEMENT THIS FIRST AMENDMENT to the CONSULTING AGREEMENT (this " Amendment ") is made and entered into as of September 9, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between AGENTIX Corp. AGENTIX corporation (the " Company ") and SALMAN HODA PHARMA CONSULTING INC , a corporation registered in the Province of Ontario, Canada located at 3858 Barley Trail, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5M 6N2 (the " Consultant "). WHEREAS , the Company and the Consultant entered into an agreement (the Consulting Agreement for consulting services dated October 1, 2020 with Salman Hoda Pharma Consulting Inc.; and WHEREAS , the Company and the Consultant now desire to modify the Consulting Agreement to provide revised duties, compensation arrangements and term. NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Company and Consultant agree as follows: General (1) This Amendment shall amend, modify and supplement the Consulting Agreement. The terms of this Amendment shall supersede and control any provisions of the Consulting Agreement that conflict with the provisions of this Amendment. In addition, except as may be provided in this Amendment, any terms defined in the Consulting Agreement shall, when used herein, have the same meaning as provided in the Consulting Agreement. (2) The Consultant will continue to fulfill the duties and serve in the role as defined the in the Consulting Agreement. In order to fulfill these duties, the Company recognizes that the Consultant independently determines what activities are required to fulfill the objectives of the duties and the role. Consulting Conditions Section 1(b) of the Consulting Agreement is amended as follows: The Company recognizes that the Consultant has served as the Treasurer since December 2021, has been a member of the Board of Directors since June 2022, and since July 2022 has assumed the roles of Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. The Consultant shall assume the role of President effective immediately. 1 Termination Sections 2(e) and 2(f) of the Consulting Agreement is amended as follows: 2(e): Termination by Company without Cause . The Consultant s engagement may be terminated by the Company without Cause, at any time, for any reason or for no reason, upon one hundred and eighty (180) days prior written notice of termination and the payment of all indemnities according to the applicable legislation and Section 3 hereunder . 2(f): Termination by Consultant without Good Reason . The Consultant's engagement may be terminated by the Consultant without Good Reason, at any time, upon one hundred and eighty (180) days prior written notice of termination. Upon receipt of the Consultant s written notice of termination, the Company may immediately terminate the Consultant s engagement upon the payment of all indemnities according to the applicable legislation and Section 3 hereunder. Compensation Section 4(a) of the Consulting Agreement is amended as follows: 4(a): Consulting Period Compensation . During the Consulting Period, the Company shall pay Consultant a monthly fee equal to Twelve Thousand Five Hundred 12,500) (the Consulting Compensation for their services and an additional Five Thousand 5,000) in compensation for the additional executive and director roles as per Section 1(b). The Consulting Compensation will be made effective June 1, 2022. The Consultant shall not be entitled to receive any compensation, whether in the form of wages or benefits, other than the Consulting Compensation during the Consulting Period. The Consultant will be solely responsible for withholding and paying all income taxes, withholding taxes, self-employment taxes, Social Security, and other taxes required by applicable law. As of the Effective Date, the Consultant shall provide the Company with a completed W-9 form. The Company will report all Consulting Compensation paid to the Consultant during the Consulting Period on IRS Form 1099. [signature page follows] 2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. AGENTIX CORP: Salman Hoda Pharma Consulting Inc: /s/ Rehan Huda /s/ Salman Hoda Name: Rehan Huda Name: Salman Hoda Title: Director Title: Chief Executive Officer 3 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 agtx_ex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
 
 agtx_ex211.htm EXHIBIT 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 1. GSL Healthcare, Inc., a Nevada corporation 2. Applied Biopharma LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 3. Agentix Australia Pty Ltd, a proprietary limited company formed under the laws of Australia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 agtx_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 agtx_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF AGENTIX CORP. I, Salman Hoda, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Agentix Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: July 13, 2023 By: /s/ Salman Hoda Salman Hoda Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 agtx_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 agtx_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF AGENTIX CORP. I, Salman Hoda, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Agentix Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: July 13, 2023 By: /s/ Salman Hoda Salman Hoda Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 agtx_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 agtx_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF AGENTIX CORP. In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Agentix Corp. for the year ended March 31, 2023, the undersigned, Salman Hoda, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Agentix Corp., does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Agentix Corp. Date: July 13, 2023 By: /s/ Salman Hoda Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 agtx-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 agtx-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 agtx-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 agtx-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

