<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230908_10-K_edgar_data_763532_0001437749-23-025488.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9807852</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182292</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1474427</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3288414</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2299070</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2263322</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-025488.hdr.sgml : 20230908
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230908160142
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-025488
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230908
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230908

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LSI INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000763532
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		IRS NUMBER:				310888951
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13375
		FILM NUMBER:		231245264

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10000 ALLIANCE RD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 42728
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45242
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5135796411

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10000 ALLIANCE RD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 42728
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45242

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LSI LIGHTING SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19891121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-025488.txt : 20230908

10-K
 1
 lyts20230630_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

lyts20230630_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO . 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
			incorporation or organization) 

, 
			(Address of principal executive offices) 

IRS Employer I.D. 
			No. 

) 

 (Telephone of principal executive offices) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 
			(NASDAQ Global Select Market) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based upon a closing sale price of 12.11 per share as reported on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. 

At August 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on November 1, 2023 are incorporated by reference in Part III, as specified. 

LSI INDUSTRIES INC. 
 2023 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Begins on 
			 
			Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
			 
			 5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
			 
			 8 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
			 
			 15 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
			 
			 15 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
			 
			 16 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURESES 
			 
			 15 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
			 
			 16 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
			 
			 16 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
			 
			 16 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
			 
			 16 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
			 
			 17 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
			 
			 17 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
			 
			 18 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
			 
			 18 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
			 18 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
			 
			 18 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
			 
			 19 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
			 
			 19 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
			 
			 19 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
			 
			 19 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
			 
			 19 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
			 21 

SIGNATURES 
			 22 

Note About Forward-Looking Statements 

This report includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the following sections: Business (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K), Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K), and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K). These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words encourage, believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk (Part II, Item 7A of this Form 10-K). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Website and Social Media Disclosure 

We use our website (www.lsicorp.com) and our corporate Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, Vimeo and Instagram accounts as channels of distribution of company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website and social media channels are not, however, a part of this report. 

PART I 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

LSI Industries Inc. (LSI) is a leading producer of non-residential lighting and retail display solutions. Non-residential lighting consists of high-performance, American-made lighting solutions. The Company s strength in indoor and outdoor lighting applications creates opportunities for LSI to introduce additional solutions to its valued customers. Retail display solutions consist of graphics solutions, digital signage, and technically advanced food display equipment for strategic vertical markets. LSI s team of internal specialists also provide comprehensive project management services in support of large-scale product rollouts. 

Our business is organized as follows: the Lighting Segment, which represented 55 of our fiscal 2023 net sales and the Display Solutions Segment, which represented 45 of our fiscal 2023 net sales. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 44 of this Form 10-K for additional information on business segments. Net sales by segment are as follows (in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Lighting Segment 

272,451 

233,449 

Display Solutions Segment 

224,528 

221,671 

Total Net Sales 

496,979 

455,120 

Lighting Segment 

Our Lighting Segment manufactures, markets, and sells outdoor and indoor lighting fixture and controls solutions in the following vertical markets: refueling and convenience store, parking lot and garage, quick-service restaurant, retail, grocery and pharmacy, automotive dealership, sports court and field, and warehouse. We service these markets through multiple channels: project business sold through electrical distributors and agents and shipped directly to the customer; standard products sold to and stocked by distributors; and direct to end-use customers. Our products are designed and manufactured to provide maximum customer value and meet the high-quality, competitively priced product requirements of the markets we serve. Focusing on key vertical applications allows us to deliver unique product solutions, which in turn provide differentiated value to our customers. 

Our lighting fixtures, poles and accessories are produced in a variety of design, aesthetics, and finishes. Application of our lighting fixtures vary to include surface, pole, and pendant mounted applications. Functional light distributions from our products varies depending upon application providing application specific photometric outputs including, but not limited to, interior and exterior downlighting, wall-wash lighting, canopy lighting, floodlighting, emergency exit lighting, industrial lighting, area and parking structure lighting and security lighting. To further energy efficiency gains from our luminaires, we offer a suite of lighting control options including sensors, photocontrols, dimming, motion detection and circuit controllers in both analog and wireless technologies to further support the application of our luminaires and provide means to additional energy savings We design and certify to all applicable safety, photometric and performance standards including UL Solutions, Design Lights Consortium, International Dark-Sky Association, Norma Official Mexicana (NOM), and Institute for Printed Circuits (IPC). Utilizing LED light sources, our products are designed for energy efficiency, reliability, performance, ease of installation and service while providing a high degree of overall aesthetic appeal. We focus on providing performance based, energy efficient lighting solutions implemented across all key vertical markets served. 

Display Solutions Segment 

The Display Solutions Segment manufactures, sells and installs exterior and interior visual image and display elements, including printed graphics, structural graphics, digital signage, menu board systems, store display fixtures, refrigerated displays, and custom display elements. The major products and services offered within our Display Solutions Segment include signage and canopy graphics, pump dispenser graphics, building fascia graphics, decals, interior signage and marketing graphics, aisle markers, wall mural graphics, and refrigerated and non-refrigerated merchandising displays. We also provide a variety of project management services to complement our display elements, such as installation management, site surveys, permitting, and content management which are offered to our customers to support our digital signage. We also manage and execute the implementation of large rollout programs with our professional services group. These programs provide our customers a variety of display solutions and visual image upgrades in the same markets served in the lighting segment, which include the following markets: refueling and convenience store, quick-service restaurant, retail, grocery and pharmacy, and automotive dealerships. We believe our expertise with the products and services we offer in the markets we serve represents a significant competitive advantage. We work with our customers and design firms to establish and implement cost-effective corporate visual image programs to advance our customer s brands and deliver value to their customers. Increasingly, we have become the primary supplier of exterior and interior visual image and display elements for our customers. 

- 5 -

Sales, Customers and Marketing 

The products and services we offer are sold primarily throughout the United States, but also in Canada, Mexico, and Latin America (approximately 4 of consolidated net sales are outside the United States). Our lighting product sales originate from two primary revenue streams. The first revenue stream is from project-based business, quoting and receiving orders as a preferred vendor for product sales to multiple end-users, including customer-owned as well as franchised and licensed dealer operations. The second revenue stream is from selling standard products to stocking distributors, who subsequently provide products to electrical contractors and end users for a variety of lighting applications. Our lighting products are primarily sold through manufacturer s sales representatives and to a lesser degree directly through our own sales force. Our display solution elements and related services, which in many instances are program-driven, are sold primarily through our own sales force. This revenue stream is from more significant program initiatives that often represent multiple sites over a period of time. These customers are usually established and have a long-term relationship with LSI. These products and services are sold directly to the customer or a brand marketer acting as an intermediary. 

Sales are developed through a wide variety of contacts such as, but not limited to, national retail marketers, branded product companies, and franchised and dealer operations. In addition, sales are also achieved through recommendations from local architects, engineers, electrical distributors, and contractors. The Company utilizes the latest technology to track sales leads and customer quotes with the goal to turn them into orders from our customers. Our sales are partially seasonal as installation of our non-residential outdoor lighting and visual display solutions in the northern states decreases during the winter months. 

The Company markets its products and service capabilities to end users in multiple channels through a broad spectrum of marketing and promotional methods, including direct customer contact, trade shows, on-site and virtual training, print advertising in industry publications, product brochures and other literature, e learning, the company s website, as well social media. Our marketing approach and means of distribution vary by product line and by market. 

Manufacturing and Distribution 

We currently operate out of eleven manufacturing facilities located within six U.S. states and one province in Ontario, Canada. 

We design, engineer and manufacture most of our lighting and visual display products through the utilization of lean manufacturing principles. Our investment in our production facilities is focused primarily on improving capabilities, product quality, and manufacturing efficiency, as well as environmental, health, and safety compliance. The majority of products we sell are engineered, designed, and assembled by the Company, while a small portion of the products and components we sell are purchased from select qualified vendors. Our lighting and display solutions products are delivered directly from our manufacturing facilities to our customers utilizing third-party common carriers. 

The principal raw materials and purchased components used in the manufacturing of our products are steel, aluminum, aluminum castings, fabrications, LEDs, power supplies, sensors, powder paint, steel tubing, wire harnesses, acrylic, silicon and glass lenses, inks, various graphics substrates such as Aluminum Composite Material (ACM), Expanded PVC sheet (EPVC), vinyl film, styrene, foamboards, wood and wood laminates, condensing units, and digital screens. We source these materials and components from a variety of suppliers. Although an interruption of these supplies and components could disrupt our operations, we believe generally that alternative sources of supply exist and could be readily arranged. When faced with supply chain challenges, we increase our safety stock in certain components in order to mitigate potential disruption to our operations resulting from an anticipated shortage of certain components. We are not dependent on any one supplier for critical component parts. We strive to reduce price volatility in our purchases of raw materials and components through annual contracts with strategic suppliers. Our Lighting operations generally carry a certain level of sub-assemblies and finished goods inventory to meet quick delivery requirements. The Company s operations dealing with LED products generally carry LED and LED component inventory due to longer lead times. Most lighting products are made to order and shipped shortly after they are manufactured. Our display solutions operations manufacture custom products for customers who require us to stock certain amounts of finished goods in exchange for their commitment to that inventory. An example is our digital signage business, where customers require us to carry an inventory of digital screens to meet the demands of a large rollout program. 

Research and Development : 

We invest in the development of new products and solutions as well as the enhancement of existing product offerings to meet the needs of our customers. Research and development costs are directly attributable to new product development, including the development of new technology for both existing and new products, and consist of salaries, payroll taxes, employee benefits, materials, outside legal costs and filing fees related to obtaining patents, supplies, depreciation, and other administrative costs. Research and development costs related to both product and software development totaled 3.4 million and 3.6 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

- 6 -

Competition 

We experience competition in both segments and in all markets we serve based on numerous factors, including price, brand name recognition, product quality, product design, prompt delivery, energy efficiency, customer relationships, reputation, and service capabilities. Although we have many competitors, both nationally and internationally, some of which have greater financial and other resources, we do not compete with the same companies across both segments and all markets. 

Working Capital 

For a discussion of our working capital, see Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 

Environmental Regulations 

We are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. These include statutory and regulatory provisions under which we are responsible for the management of hazardous materials we use and the disposition of hazardous wastes resulting from our manufacturing processes. Failure to comply with such provisions could result in fines and other liabilities to the government or third parties. 

Human Capital 

We recognize that in order to drive innovation, growth, and operational excellence, we must identify, attract, retain, and motivate top talent. Our approach is to develop talent from within and supplement with external hires. We are committed to building a diverse, inclusive, and engaged workforce. Our management teams and all of our employees are expected to exhibit the principles of fairness, honesty, and integrity in the actions we undertake. Our employees must adhere to a code of conduct that sets standards for appropriate behavior and includes required annual training on preventing, identifying, reporting, and stopping any type of unlawful discrimination or unethical actions. 

We have 1,540 full-time employees and 87 agency employees as of June 30, 2023. We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program to our employees, including competitive wages, medical and dental insurance, and a 401(k)-retirement savings plan. The Company offers a nonqualified deferred compensation plan, an equity-based incentive plan and an incentive plan that is based upon the achievement of the Company s business plan goals, for certain employees. 

Information Concerning the Company 

We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. The SEC maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding us. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov . Our internet address is http://www.lsicorp.com . We make available free of charge through our internet website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file them with the SEC. 

The information found on our website is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. In addition to these channels, we use social media to communicate to the public. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, and others interested in LSI to review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our Investor Relations website. 

- 7 -

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors which could materially affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. Any one of these factors could cause the Company s actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

Risk Factor Summary 

Risks Related to Our Strategy 

Lower levels of economic activity in our end markets could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic, political and market conditions. 

The inability to effectively execute our business strategies could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The markets in which we operate are subject to competitive pressures that could affect selling prices, and therefore could adversely affect our operating results. 

We have a concentration of net sales to the refueling and convenience store and grocery markets, and any substantial change in these markets could have an adverse effect on our business. 

The Company may pursue future growth through strategic acquisitions and investments, which may not yield anticipated benefits. 

If we do not develop the appropriate new products or if customers do not accept new products, we could experience a loss of competitive position which could adversely affect future revenues. 

If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, we may lose some of our competitive advantage. 

Risks Related to our Operations 

Sudden or unexpected changes in a customer s creditworthiness could result in significant accounts receivable write-offs. 

Price increases, significant shortages of raw materials and components, shortages in transportation and an increase in fuel prices could adversely affect our operating margin. 

Our information technology systems are subject to certain cyber risks and could be subject to interruptions that are beyond our control . 

Labor shortages or increases in labor costs could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

If the Company s products are improperly designed, manufactured, packaged, or labeled, the Company may need to recall those items, may have increased warranty costs, and could be the target of product liability claims. 

Changes in a customer s demands and commitment to proprietary inventory could result in significant inventory write-offs. 

The turnover of independent commissioned sales representatives could cause a significant disruption in sales volume. 

The Company may be unable to sustain significant customer and/or channel partner relationships. 

A loss of key personnel or inability to attract qualified personnel could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

Changes in a shift in product mix can have a significant impact on our gross margins. 

We may not recognize all revenues from our backlog or receive all payments anticipated under awarded projects and customer contracts. 

Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 

Potential changes in U.S. trade policies could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Risks Related to Financial Matters 

A significant decline in our stock price could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital. 

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could adversely affect our business. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and in Ohio law could make difficult or delay a change in management or negatively impact our share price. 

- 8 -

RISKS RELATED TO OUR STRATEGY 

Lower levels of economic activity in our end markets could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our businesses operate in several market segments including the refueling and convenience store markets, parking lot and garage markets, quick-service restaurant market, retail and grocery store markets, the automotive market, the warehouse market, and the sports complex market. Operating results can be negatively impacted by volatility in these markets. Future downturns in any of the markets we serve could adversely affect our overall sales, profitability, and cash flow. In addition, customer difficulties in the future could result from economic declines or issues arising from the cyclical nature of their business and, in turn, result in decreases in product demand, increases in bad debt write-offs, decreases in timely collection of accounts receivable and adjustments to our allowance for credit losses, resulting in material reductions to our revenues and net earnings. 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic, political and market conditions. 

Economic and political conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in our industry at large, as well as to the specific markets in which we operate. When combined with ongoing customer consolidation activity, an uncertain macro-economic and political climate, including but not limited to a recession or inflationary pressures, and the effects of possible weakness in domestic and foreign financial and credit markets, could lead to reduced demand from our customers and increased price competition for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories and uncollectible receivables, and higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue. If the markets in which we participate experience further economic downturns, as well as a slow recovery period, this could negatively impact our sales and revenue generation, margins, and operating expenses, and consequently have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The inability to effectively execute our business strategies could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Various uncertainties and risks are associated with our approach to strategically penetrate existing and new market verticals, including but not limited to, the development, marketing and selling of new products and solutions, new product development, and the overall development, marketing, and selling of lighting and display solutions. Those uncertainties and risks include but are not limited to diversion of management s attention; difficulty in retaining or attracting employees; negative impact on business relationships and customers; obsolescence of current products and slow new product development; inability to produce products with quality, performance, and cost attributes equal to or better than provided by our competitors; and unforeseen difficulties in the implementation of the management operating structure. Problems with strategy execution could offset anticipated benefits, disrupt service to customers, and impact product quality as well as adversely affect our business. With the addition of new products and solutions, we may encounter new and different competitors that may have more experience with respect to such products and solutions. 

The markets in which we operate are subject to competitive pressures that could affect selling prices, and therefore could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive, and we compete on the basis of price, quality, service and/or brand name across the industries and markets served. Some of our competitors for certain products, primarily in the Lighting Segment, have greater sales, assets, and financial resources. Some of our competitors are based in foreign countries and have cost structures and prices in foreign currencies. Accordingly, currency fluctuations could cause our U.S. dollar-priced products to be less competitive than our competitors products which are priced in other currencies. Aggressive pricing actions of our competitors could affect prices we charge our customers or demand for our products, which could adversely affect our operating results. Additionally, customers for our products may attempt to reduce the number of vendors from which they purchase in order to reduce the size and diversity of their inventories and their transaction costs. To remain competitive, we will need to invest continuously in research and development, manufacturing, marketing, and customer service and support. We may not have sufficient resources to continue to make such investments and we may be unable to maintain our competitive position. 

- 9 -

We have a concentration of net sales to the refueling and convenience store and grocery markets, and any substantial change in these markets could have an adverse effect on our business. 

The Company has a concentration of sales in the refueling and convenience store and grocery markets. Sales to the refueling and convenience store market are dependent upon the general conditions prevailing in and the profitability of the Petroleum industry and general market conditions. The refueling and convenience store market can be subject to reactions by the petroleum industry due to world political events, to the price and supply of oil, and to a decline in demand resulting from an economic recession, or other factors. Major disruptions in the petroleum industry generally result in a curtailment of retail marketing efforts, including expansion and refurbishing of retail outlets by the petroleum industry, which could adversely affect our business. The operating environment for the grocery market continues to be characterized by the fragmentation of local, regional, and national retailers, including both retail and digital formats, market consolidation, intense competition, and entry of non-traditional competitors. Customer behavior shifted quickly and considerably during the pandemic, including a shift from dining away from home to food at home. The changing operating environment along with changes in customer behaviors within the grocery market could have an adverse impact on the purchasing decisions by one or more of our larger customers in this market. In addition, actions by our competitors, our customer s financial constraints, and industry factors or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our business in either of these markets. 

The Company may pursue future growth through strategic acquisitions and investments, which may not yield anticipated benefits 

The Company has grown and strengthened its business through strategic acquisitions and will continue to do so as opportunities arise in the future in order to meet the Company s growth objectives. The Company will benefit from such activity only to the extent that it can effectively leverage and integrate the assets or capabilities of the acquired businesses including, but not limited to, personnel, technology, and operating processes. Moreover, unanticipated events, negative revisions to valuation assumptions and estimates, diversions of resources and management s attention from other business concerns, and difficulties in attaining synergies, among other factors, could adversely affect the Company s ability to recover initial and subsequent investments, particularly those related to acquired goodwill and intangible assets, which in turn could result in the impairment of the acquired company s goodwill and related assets. In addition, such investment transactions may limit the Company s ability to invest in other activities, which could be more profitable or advantageous. 

If we do not develop the appropriate new products or if customers do not accept new products, we could experience a loss of competitive position which could adversely affect future revenues. 

The Company is committed to product innovation on a timely basis to meet customer demands. Development of new products for targeted markets requires the Company to develop or otherwise leverage leading technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner. Failure to meet these changing demands could result in a loss of competitive position and seriously impact future revenues. Products or technologies developed by others may render the Company s products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. A fundamental shift in technologies in key product markets could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating results and competitive position within the industry. More specifically, the development of new or enhanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring the anticipation of technological and market trends. Rapidly changing product technologies could adversely impact operating results due to potential technological obsolescence of certain inventories or increased warranty expense related to newly developed LED lighting products or any of the Company s other products and services. We may experience design, manufacturing, marketing, or other difficulties, such as an inability to attract a sufficient number of experienced engineers which could delay or prevent our development, introduction or marketing of new products or enhancements and result in unexpected expenses. Such difficulties could cause us to lose business from our customers and could adversely affect our competitive position. In addition, added expenses could decrease the profitability associated with those products that do not gain market acceptance. 

If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, we may lose some of our competitive advantage. 

Our success is determined in part by our ability to obtain United States and foreign patent protection for our technology and to preserve our trade secrets. Our ability to compete and the ability of our business to grow could suffer if our intellectual property rights are not adequately protected. There can be no assurance that our patent applications will result in patents being issued or that current or additional patents will afford protection against competitors. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection and contractual rights to establish and protect our intellectual property. Failure of our patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection, non-disclosure agreements and other measures to provide protection of our technology and our intellectual property rights could enable our competitors to compete with us more effectively and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, our trade secrets and proprietary know-how may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by others. No guarantee can be given that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or techniques, or otherwise gain access to our proprietary technology. 

- 10 -

RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS 

Sudden or unexpected changes in a customer s creditworthiness could result in significant accounts receivable write-offs. 

The Company takes a conservative approach when extending credit to its customers. Customers are granted an appropriate credit limit based upon the due diligence performed on the customer which includes, among other things, the review of the company s financial statements and banking information, various credit checks, and payment history the customer has with the Company. At any given time, the Company can have a significant amount of credit exposure with its larger customers. While the Company is frequently monitoring its outstanding receivables with its customers, the risk does exist that a customer with large credit exposure is unable to make payment on its outstanding receivables which could result in a significant write-off of accounts receivable. 

Price increases, significant shortages of raw materials and components, shortages in transportation and an increase in fuel prices could adversely affect our operating margin. 

The Company purchases large quantities of raw materials and components such as steel, aluminum, aluminum castings, fabrications, LEDs, power supplies, powder paint, steel tubing, wire harnesses, acrylic, silicon and glass lenses, inks, various graphics substrates such as Aluminum Composite Material (ACM), Expanded PVC sheet (EPVC), vinyl film, styrene, foamboards, wood and wood laminates, condensing units, and digital screens. Materials comprise the largest component of costs, representing approximately 63 and 66 of the cost of sales in 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company s operating results could be affected by the availability and price fluctuations of these materials. The Company s strategic sourcing plans include mitigating supply chain risk by utilizing multiple suppliers for a commodity to avoid significant dependence on any single supplier. Although an interruption of these supplies and components could disrupt our operations, we believe generally that alternative sources of supply exist and could be readily arranged. To mitigate the risk of disruptions in the supply chain, we have on occasion increased our safety stock in certain components in order to mitigate a potential disruption to our operations resulting from an anticipated shortage of these same components. With regard to price fluctuations of our raw material and component purchases, the price risk for materials the Company purchases is related to price increases in commodity items that affect all users of the materials, including the Company s competitors. Significant tariffs or increases in the price of these raw materials and components could further increase the Company s operating costs and materially adversely affect margins. The Company does, however, seek and qualify new suppliers, negotiate with existing suppliers, and arrange stocking agreements to mitigate risk of supply and price increases. The Company can also be impacted by shortages and the availability of transportation of our products to our customers, in addition to rising fuel prices. The Company s Lighting Segment has implemented price increases with customers to offset raw material price increases along, rising transportation costs, and to mitigate the impact of trade tariffs. The Company s Display Solutions Segment generally establishes new sales prices, reflective of the then current raw material prices and transportation costs, for each program as it begins with further price increases throughout the life of the program when warranted. Although the Company attempts to pass along increased costs in the form of price increases to its customers, the Company may be unsuccessful in doing so for competitive reasons. Even when price increases are successful, the timing of such price increases may lag significantly behind the incurrence of higher costs. 

Our information technology systems are subject to certain cyber risks and could be subject to interruptions that are beyond our control . 

We depend heavily on the proper functioning and availability of our information, communications, and data processing systems, including operating and financial reporting systems, in operating our business. Our systems and those of our technology and communications providers are vulnerable to interruptions caused by natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication and internet failures, cyber-attack, and other events beyond our control. Accordingly, information security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. 

We have been, and in the future may be, targeted by malicious cyber activity. Any failure to identify address or prevent malicious cyber activity could result in service interruptions, operational difficulties, loss of revenues or market share, liability to our customers or others, the diversion of corporate resources, injury to our reputation and increased service and maintenance costs. We have significantly enhanced and will continue to improve our cybersecurity controls in order to minimize the likelihood or impact of a malicious cyber activity. 

- 11 -

Our information systems are protected through physical and software security as well as redundant backup systems, however, as cyber-attacks continue to evolve, we are committed to investing in our cyber defenses in order to mitigate the risks. Some of our software systems are provided and/or utilized by third parties who maintain responsibility for mitigating cybersecurity risk We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, employee training, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. The development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly more sophisticated. Despite our efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches, technology disruptions or data loss, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. Any future successful cyber-attack or catastrophic natural disaster could significantly affect our operating and financial systems and could temporarily disrupt our ability to provide required services to our customers, impact our ability to manage our operations and perform vital financial processes, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

Labor shortages or increases in labor costs could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

We rely heavily on our employees and any shortage of qualified labor could adversely affect our business. If we are not successful in our recruiting and retention efforts due to general labor shortages or otherwise, we could encounter a shortage of qualified employees in future periods. Any such shortage would decrease our ability to produce sufficient quantities of our product to serve our customers effectively. Such a shortage may also require us to pay higher wages for employees and incur a corresponding reduction in our profitability. Improvements in the economy and labor markets also could impact our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Rising wages across an improving economy can increase the competition among employers for a scarce labor force and make it difficult for us to attract and retain key personnel. 

If the Company s products are improperly designed, manufactured, packaged, or labeled, the Company may need to recall those items, may have increased warranty costs, and could be the target of product liability claims 

The Company may need to recall products if they are improperly designed, manufactured, packaged, or labeled, and the Company s insurance may not provide full coverage for such recall events. Many of the Company's products and solutions have become complex and include sophisticated and sensitive electronic components. The Company has manufactured certain of those components and products in its own facilities. Widespread product recalls could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, penalties, and lost sales due to the unavailability of a product for a period of time. In addition, products developed by the Company that incorporates LED technology, generally provide for more extensive warranty protection which may result in increased warranty claim costs. The Company may also be liable if the use of any of its products causes harm and could suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against the Company in excess of its insurance limits. The Company may not be able to obtain indemnity or reimbursement from its suppliers or other third parties for the warranty costs or liabilities associated with its products. A significant product recall, warranty claim, or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity, damage to the Company s reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in its products. 

Changes in a customer s demands and commitment to proprietary inventory could result in significant inventory write-offs. 

Upgrading or replacing a customer s current image requires the manufacture of inventory that is specific to the particular customer. This is particularly true in the Display Solutions Segment. In as many instances as possible, we require a commitment from the customer before the inventory is produced. Our request for a commitment can range from a single site or store to a large rollout program involving many sites or stores. The risk does exist that a customer cannot or will not honor its commitment to us. The reasons a customer cannot or will not honor its commitment can range from the bankruptcy of the customer to the change in the image during the rollout program, to canceling the program before its completion and before the inventory is sold to the customer. In each of these instances, we could be left with significant amounts of inventory required to support the customer s re-imaging. While all efforts are made to hold the customer accountable for its commitment, there is the risk that a significant amount of inventory could be deemed obsolete or no longer usable which could result in significant inventory write-offs. 

The turnover of independent commissioned sales representatives could cause a significant disruption in sales volume. 

Commissioned sales representatives are critical to generating business in the Lighting Segment. From time to time, commissioned sales representatives representing a particular region resign, are terminated and replaced with new commissioned sales representatives, or consolidated with another local firm. During this period of transition from the previous agency to the new one, sales in the particular region will likely fall as business is disrupted. It may take several months for the new sales representative to generate sales that will equal or exceed the previous sales representative. There is also the risk that the new sales agency will not attain the sales volume of the previous agency. These sales representative changes may occur individually as one agency is replaced due to lack of performance or changes may occur as a result of the mergers or acquisitions within the lighting industry. On the other hand, these sales representative changes can be widespread as a result of the competitive nature of the lighting industry as LSI and its competition vie for the strongest sales agency in a particular region. 

- 12 -

The Company may be unable to sustain significant customer and/or channel partner relationships. 

Relationships with customers are directly impacted by the Company s ability to deliver quality products and services. The loss of or a substantial decrease in the volume of purchases by certain large customers could significantly harm the Company. The Company has relationships with channel partners such as electrical distributors, independent sales agencies, system integrators, contractors, and value-added resellers, to name a few. While the Company maintains positive, and in many cases long-term relationships with these channel partners, the loss of a number of channel partners or substantial decrease in the volume of purchases from a major channel partner or group of channel partners could adversely affect the Company. 

A loss of key personnel or inability to attract qualified personnel could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

The Company s future success depends on the ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, marketing and finance personnel, and, to a significant extent, upon the efforts and abilities of senior management. The Company s management philosophy of cost-control results in a lean workforce. Future success of the Company will depend on, among other factors, the ability to attract and retain other qualified personnel, particularly executive management, research and development engineers, and sales professionals. The loss of the services of any key employees or the failure to attract or retain other qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 

Changes in a shift in product mix can have a significant impact on our gross margins 

Certain of our products have higher gross profit margins than others. Further, the difference in gross margin of the products sold within the Lighting and Display Solutions Segments can also vary significantly. Consequently, changes in the product mix of our sales from quarter-to-quarter or from year-to-year can have a significant impact on our reported gross profit margins. 

We may not recognize all revenues from our backlog or receive all payments anticipated under awarded projects and customer contracts. 

Our customers have the right under some circumstances to terminate contracts or defer the timing of our shipments or installments and their payments to us. We may not receive all of the revenues from our backlog. If we do not receive all of the revenues we currently expect to receive, our future operating results could be adversely affected. In addition, a delay in the receipt of revenues, even if such revenues are eventually received, may cause our operating results for a particular quarter to fall below our expectations. 

RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY MATTERS 

Potential changes in U.S. trade policies could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Changes in the U.S. trade policy, U.S. social, political, regulatory, and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where we currently purchase component parts and sell products, and any resulting negative sentiments towards the United States as a result of such changes, could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Some of our purchased components are sourced from or manufactured in foreign countries. Import tariffs and potential import tariffs have resulted or may result in increased prices for these imported goods and materials and, in some cases, may result or have resulted in price increases for domestically sourced goods and materials. Changes in U.S. trade policy have resulted and could result in additional reactions from U.S. trading partners, including adopting responsive trade policies making it more difficult or costly for us to export our products or import goods and materials from those countries. These measures could also result in increased costs for goods imported into the U.S. or may cause us to adjust our foreign supply chain. Either of these could require us to increase prices to our customers which may reduce demand, or, if we are unable to increase prices, result in lowering our margin on products sold. 

- 13 -

We cannot predict future trade policy or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements and their impacts on our business. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements, or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the U.S. economy, which in turn could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL MATTERS 

A significant decline in our stock price could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital. 

The market price of our common stock can experience significant fluctuations. Our progress in developing and commercializing our products, our quarterly operating results, announcements of new products by us or our competitors, our perceived prospects, changes in general conditions in the economy or the financial markets, adverse events related to our strategic relationships, and other developments affecting us, or our competitors could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. This volatility of the stock market has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance. These market fluctuations, regardless of the cause, may materially and adversely affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results, and this could impact our ability to raise capital. 

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could adversely affect our business. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in inflation and interest rates, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The United States and other jurisdictions have recently experienced high levels of inflation. If the inflation rate continues to increase, it will likely affect our expenses, including, but not limited to, employee compensation and labor expenses along with the cost of various goods and services the Company purchases, and we may not be successful in offsetting such cost increases. In addition, a continued increase in interest rates will further result in increased interest expense. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and in Ohio law could make difficult or delay a change in management or negatively impact our share price. 

Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us even if such a change in control would increase the value of our common stock and could prevent or hinder attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current board of directors or management. 

We have a number of provisions in place that will hinder takeover attempts and could reduce the market value of our common stock or prevent sale at a premium. These provisions include: 

the authorization of undesignated preferred stock, which makes it possible for the board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences in a manner that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control; 

a provision that specifies that special meetings of our shareholders may be called only by our board of directors, our chairman of the board, if one has been elected, our president, or persons holding 50 of our outstanding voting stock; 

any business combination between us and a beneficial owner of 15 or more of our voting power requires the vote of 66 2/3 of the voting power of disinterested shareholders for five years after a party became an interested shareholder; 

any person who becomes a beneficial owner of 15 or more of our voting power must offer to purchase all of our voting securities and securities convertible into or exercisable for our voting securities within 25 days after achieving 15 ownership. The price to be paid would be the greater of the highest price paid by such 15 owner in acquiring its shares or the highest trading price for a period of time prior to such person becoming a 15 owner; 

the votes of holders of 66 2/3 of all outstanding shares is required to amend our Articles of Incorporation and to approve mergers, reorganizations, and similar transactions; and advance notice requirements by shareholders for director nominations and actions to be taken at annual meetings. 

Ohio corporation law contains provisions that may discourage takeover bids for our company that have not negotiated with the board of directors. Such provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our shares of common stock. Additionally, shareholders may act by written consent without a meeting only if such written consent is signed by all shareholders. 

- 14 -

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2023 that remain unresolved. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Description 

Size 

Location 

Status 

1) 

Corporate Headquarters and Lighting and Display Solutions manufacturing 

243,000 sq. ft. (includes 66,000 sq. ft of office space) 

Cincinnati, OH 

Owned 

2) 

Lighting manufacturing 

122,000 sq. ft. 

Cincinnati, OH 

Owned 

3) 

Lighting office and manufacturing 

96,000 sq. ft. (includes 5,000 sq. ft. of office space 

Independence, KY 

Owned 

4) 

Display Solutions office and manufacturing 

183,000 sq. ft. (includes 34,000 sq. ft. of office space) 

Houston, TX 

Leased 

5) 

Display Solutions office and manufacturing 

46,000 sq. ft. (includes 10,000 sq. ft. of office space 

Akron, OH 

Leased 

6) 

Lighting office and manufacturing 

57,000 sq. ft. (includes 5,000 sq. ft. of office space) 

Columbus, OH 

Owned 

7) 

Lighting office and manufacturing 

336,000 sq. ft. (includes 60,000 sq. ft. of office space) 

Burlington, NC 

Leased 

8) 

Display Solutions office and manufacturing 

77,000 sq. ft. (includes 8,000 sq. ft. of office space 

Milo, ME 

Owned 

9) 

Display Solutions office and manufacturing 

42,000 sq. ft. (includes 4,000 sq. ft. of office space) 

Bangor, ME 

Leased 

10) 

Display Solutions manufacturing 

77,000 sq. ft. 

Collingwood, ON 

Leased 

11) 

Display Solutions office 

1,000 sq. ft. 

Gloucester, MA 

Leased 

12) 

Display Solutions manufacturing 

68,000 sq. ft. 

Payson, UT 

Leased 

13) 

Display Solutions warehouse 

5,400 sq. ft. 

Queretaro, Mexico 

Leased 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Refer to Note 13 Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 39 of this Form 10-K for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

- 15 -

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

LSI s shares of common stock are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LYTS. At August 31, 2023, there were approximately 550 registered holders of record of our common stock. 

The Company s Board of Directors has adopted a dividend policy which indicates that dividends will be determined by the Board of Directors in its discretion based upon its evaluation of earnings, cash flow requirements, financial condition, debt levels, stock repurchases, future business developments and opportunities, and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. The Company has paid annual cash dividends beginning in fiscal 1987 through fiscal 1994, and quarterly cash dividends since fiscal 1995. The Company s indicated annual rate for payment of a cash dividend at the end of fiscal 2023 was 0.20 per share. 

On April 28, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to 15 million of its outstanding shares of common stock in the open market, in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s decision to repurchase its shares, as well as the timing of such repurchases, will depend on a variety of factors, including the ongoing assessment of the Company s capital needs, the market price of the Company s common stock, general market conditions and other corporate considerations, as determined by management. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The Company did not repurchase any shares in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

ITEM 6. . [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations appears on pages 23 through 29 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in variable interest rates, changes in prices of raw materials and purchased component parts, and changes in foreign currency translation rates. Each of these risks is discussed below. 

Interest Rate Risk 

The Company earns interest income on its cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments (if any) and pays interest expense on its debt (if any). Because of variable interest rates, the Company is exposed to the risk of interest rate fluctuations, which impact interest income, interest expense, and cash flows. 

The Company s 75 million revolving line of credit and 25 million term loan is subject to interest rate fluctuations. Additionally, the Company expects to generate cash from its operations that will subsequently be used to pay down as much of the debt (if any is outstanding) as possible or invest cash in short-term investments (if no debt is outstanding), while still funding the growth of the Company. 

Raw Material Price Risk 

The Company purchases large quantities of raw materials and components such as steel, aluminum, aluminum castings, fabrications, LEDs, power supplies, powder paint, steel tubing, wire harnesses, acrylic, silicon and glass lenses, inks, various graphics substrates such as Aluminum Composite Material (ACM), Expanded PVC sheet (EPVC), vinyl film, styrene, foamboards, wood and wood laminates, condensing units, and digital screens. The Company s operating results could be affected by the availability and price fluctuations of these materials. The Company s strategic sourcing plans include mitigating supply chain risk by utilizing multiple suppliers for a commodity to avoid significant dependence on any single supplier. Although an interruption of these supplies and components could disrupt our operations, we believe generally that alternative sources of supply exist and could be readily arranged. We have, on occasion, increased our safety stock in certain components in order to mitigate a potential disruption to our operations resulting from an anticipated shortage of these same components. The Company has not experienced any significant supply chain problems in recent years. With regard to price fluctuations of our raw material and component purchases, the price risk for materials the Company purchases is related to price increases in commodity items that affect all users of the materials, including the Company s competitors. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the raw material component of cost of goods sold subject to price risk was approximately 226.3 million. The Company does not actively hedge or use derivative instruments to manage its risk in this area. The Company does, however, seek and qualify new suppliers, negotiate with existing suppliers, and arranges stocking agreements to mitigate risk of supply and price increases. The Company s Lighting Segment has implemented price increases with customers to offset raw material price increases. The Company s Display Solutions Segment generally establishes new sales prices, reflective of the then current raw material prices, for each program as it begins with further price increases throughout the life of the program when warranted. 

- 16 -

Foreign Currency Translation Risk 

The Company has minimal foreign currency risk with respect to its Mexican and Canadian subsidiaries. The sales transacted by these subsidiaries in pesos and Canadian dollars combined represents approximately 4 of the Company s fiscal 2022 consolidated net sales. All other business conducted by the Company is in U.S. dollars. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Financial Statements 

Begins 

			 on Page 

Financial Statements: 

Management s Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

30 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 248) 

31 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 248) 

32 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 

33 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 

34 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2023, and 2022 

35 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 

37 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 

38 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

39 

Financial Statement Schedule: 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 

61 

Schedules other than those listed above are omitted for the reason(s) that they are either not applicable or not required or because the information required is contained in the financial statements or notes thereto. Selected quarterly financial data is found in Note 15 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

- 17 -

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within required time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We conducted, under the supervision of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Management believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are fairly presented in all material respects in accordance with U.S GAAP, and the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have certified that, based on their knowledge, the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects the Company s financial condition, results of operations, statement of shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the periods presented in this report. 

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing on page 30 of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 9A. 

Changes in Internal Control 

There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. See Management s Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on page 30. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the three months ended June 30, 2023, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) informed us of the adoption or termination of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information about our directors and officers may be found under the captions Nominees for Board of Directors and Executive Officers in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held November 1, 2023 (the Proxy Statement ). Information about our Audit Committee may be found under the caption Committees of the Board in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference. 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and other finance organization employees. The code of ethics is publicly available on our website at lsicorp.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K. 

- 18 -

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions Security Ownership, and Equity Compensation Plan Information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions Corporate Governance and Related Person Transactions is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information concerning fees and services provided by our principal accountant, Grant Thornton LLP (PCAOB ID No. [ ]), appears in the Proxy Statement under the headings Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Committees of the Board and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 

Consolidated Financial Statements appear as part of Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

(2) 

Exhibits Exhibits set forth below are either on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are incorporated by reference as exhibits hereto, or are filed with this Form 10-K. 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

2.1 

Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 21, 2021, among LSI Fresh Subsidiary Inc., JSI Holding Corp., Fresh Seller Rep, LLC and the Sellers identified therein ++ (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to LSI s Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2021) 

3.1 

Amended and Restated (Consolidated) Articles of Incorporation of LSI (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to LSI s Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2022). 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Code of Regulations of LSI (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to LSI s Form 10-K filed on September 11, 2020). 

4.1 

Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to LSI s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 6, 2019). 

10.1 

Third Amendment to Loan Documents dated February 21, 2017 between LSI and PNC Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to LSI s Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2017). 

10.2 

Fourth Amendment to Loan Documents dated February 28, 2019 between LSI and PNC Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2019). 

10.3 

Amended and Restated Loan Agreement dated as of June 19, 2014 between LSI and PNC Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of LSI s Form 10-K filed on September 10, 2014) 

- 19 -

10.4 

Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan amended as of November 17, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on February 3, 2017). 

10.5 

Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2016) 

10.6 
			 
			 LSI Industries Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated as of August 17, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of LSI s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022). 

10.7 

Employment Agreement between LSI and James A. Clark (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s 8-K filed on October 17, 2018). 

10.8 

Employment Offer Letter between LSI and James E. Galeese (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2017). 

10.9 

Employment Offer Letter between LSI and Thomas A. Caneris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2019). 

10.10 

Form of Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on January 29, 2021). 

10.11 

2019 Omnibus Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form S-8 Registration Statement File No. 333-234556 filed on November 7, 2019). 

10.12 

Fifth Amendment to Loan Documents dated as of March 30, 2021, between LSI and PNC Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021). 

10.13 

Form of Supplemental Benefits Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on January 29, 2021). 

10.14 

Fiscal Year 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)++ (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2020). 

10.15 

Form of 2019 Omnibus Award Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2020). 

10.16 

Form of 2019 Omnibus Award Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2022). 

10.17 

Form of 2019 Omnibus Award Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement++ (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2022). 

10.18 

LSI Industries Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to LSI s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on September 15, 2021). 

10.19 

Sixth Amendment to Loan Documents dated as of September 30, 2021, between LSI and PNC Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2022). 

10.20 

Fiscal Year 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)++ (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LSI s Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2022). 

10.21 

Fiscal Year 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) ++ (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of LSI s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022) 

- 20 -

10.22 

Fiscal Year 2023 Short-Term Incentive Plan (STIP) ++ (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of LSI s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022) 

14 

Code of Conduct (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to LSI s Form 10-K filed on September 10, 2021) 

19 

Insider Trading Policy and Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Grant Thornton LLP) 

24 

Power of Attorney (included as part of signature page) 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) 

32.1 

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

32.2 

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 

Management compensatory agreement. 

++ Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The omitted information is not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the Registrant if publicly disclosed. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted portion to the SEC upon request. 

LSI will provide shareholders with any exhibit upon the payment of a specified reasonable fee, which fee shall be limited to LSI s reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibit. The exhibits identified herein as being filed with the SEC have been so filed with the SEC but may not be included in this version of the Annual Report to Shareholders. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not included. 

- 21 -

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LSI INDUSTRIES INC. 

September 8, 2023 

BY: 

/s/ James A. Clark 

Date 

James A. Clark 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

We, the undersigned directors, and officers of LSI Industries Inc. hereby severally constitute James A. Clark and James E. Galeese, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys with full power to them and each of them to sign for us, in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

/s/ James A. Clark 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

James A. Clark 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ James E. Galeese 

Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer 

James E. Galeese 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ Jeffery S. Bastian 

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

Jeffery S. Bastian 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ Robert P. Beech 

Director 

Robert P. Beech 

Date: September 8, 2029 

/s/ Ronald D. Brown 

Director 

Ronald D. Brown 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ Amy L. Hanson 

Director 

Amy L. Hanson 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ Ernest W. Marshall, Jr. 

Director 

Ernest W. Marshall, Jr. 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ Chantel E. Lenard 
			 
			 Director 

Chantel E. Lenard 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ Wilfred T. O Gara 
			 
			 Director 

Wilfred T. O Gara 

Date: September 8, 2023 

- 22 -

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader understand the results of the Company s operations and financial condition. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). This section generally discusses the results of our operations for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. For a discussion of the year ended June 30, 2022, compared to the year ended June 30, 2021, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Overview 

LSI is a leading producer of non-residential lighting and retail display solutions. Non-residential lighting consists of high-performance, American-made lighting products. The Company s strength in outdoor and indoor lighting applications creates opportunities for it to introduce additional solutions to its customers. Retail display solutions consist of graphics solutions, digital signage, and technically advanced food display equipment for strategic vertical markets. LSI s team of internal specialists also provide comprehensive project management services in support of large-scale rollouts. 

Summary of Consolidated Results 

Net Sales by Business Segment 

(In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Lighting Segment 

272,451 

233,449 

Display Solutions Segment 

224,528 

221,671 

Total Net Sales 

496,979 

455,120 

Operating Income (Loss) by Business Segment 

(In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Lighting Segment 

31,633 

20,942 

Display Solutions Segment 

24,920 

17,589 

Corporate and Eliminations 

(19,525 

(17,330 

Total Operating Income 

37,028 

21,201 

Fiscal 2023 net sales of 497.0 million increased 41.9 million or 9.2 as compared to fiscal 2022 net sales of 455.1 million. Net sales were favorably influenced by increased net sales in the Lighting Segment (an increase of 39.0 million or 16.7 and primarily driven by increased net sales in the Display Solutions Segment (an increase of 2.9 million or 1.3 ). The increase in sales is attributed to continued strength and focus in the key market verticals the Company serves. 

Fiscal 2023 operating income of 37.0 million represents a 15.8 million increase from fiscal 2022 operating income of 21.2 million. Non-GAAP adjusted operating income in fiscal 2023 of 42.0 million increased 17.0 million or 68 from adjusted fiscal 2022 operating income of 25.0 million. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for a reconciliation of Non-GAAP financial measures to U.S. GAAP measures. The increase in adjusted operating income was the net result of an increase in net sales, sustained price disciplines, a higher-value sales mix, and strong operational execution. 

- 23 -

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

We believe it is appropriate to evaluate our performance after making adjustments to the as-reported U.S. GAAP operating income, net income, and earnings per share. Adjusted operating income, net income, and earnings per share, which exclude the impact of acquisition costs, long-term performance based compensation expense, severance costs, and commercial growth opportunity expense, are Non-GAAP financial measures. Also included below are Non-GAAP financial measures including Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA), Free Cash Flow, and Net Debt to adjusted EBITDA. We believe that these adjusted supplemental measures are useful in assessing the operating performance of our business. These supplemental measures are used by our management, including our chief operating decision maker, to evaluate business results. We exclude these items because they are not representative of the ongoing results of operations of our business. These Non-GAAP measures may be different from Non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition, the Non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. Non-GAAP measures have limitations, in that they do not reflect all amounts associated with our results as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Therefore, these measures should only be used to evaluate our results in conjunction with corresponding GAAP measures. Below is a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to operating income, net income, and earnings per share for the periods indicated along with the calculation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow, and Net Debt to adjusted EBITDA. 

Reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

2023 

2022 

Diluted 
			EPS 

Diluted 
			EPS 

Net Income as reported 

25,762 

0.88 

15,032 

0.54 

Acquisition costs 

- 

- 

373 

(4 

0.01 

Long-Term Performance Based Compensation 

2,879 

(1 

0.10 

2,594 

(5 

0.09 

Severance costs 

51 

(2 

- 

4 

(6 

- 

Consulting Expense: Commercial Growth Opportunities 

707 

(3 

0.02 

- 

- 

Net Tax impact due to the Distribution of Shares from the Company's Long-Term Performance Based Compensation Plan 

(402 

(0.01 

- 

- 

Net Income adjusted 

28,997 

0.99 

18,003 

0.64 

The following represents the income tax effects of the adjustments in the tables above, which were calculated using the estimated combined U.S., Canada and Mexico effective income tax rates for the periods indicated: 

(1) 

1,119 

(2) 

15 

(3) 

157 

(4) 

100 

(5) 

694 

(6) 

7 

The reconciliation of reported earnings per share to adjusted earnings per share may not produce identical amounts due to rounding differences. 

- 24 -

Reconciliation of operating income to adjusted operating income: 
			 (In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Operating Income as reported 

37,028 

21,201 

Acquisition costs 

- 

473 

Long-Term Performance Based Compensation 

3,998 

3,288 

Severance costs 

66 

11 

Consulting Expense: Commercial Growth Opportunities 

864 

- 

Adjusted Operating Income 

41,956 

24,973 

Reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
			 (In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Net Income - Reported 

25,762 

15,032 

Income Tax 

7,564 

4,053 

Interest Expense, net 

3,687 

1,968 

Other expense (income) 

15 

148 

Operating Income as reported 

37,028 

21,201 

Depreciation and Amortization 

9,664 

10,118 

EBITDA 

46,692 

31,319 

Acquisition costs 

- 

473 

Long-Term Performance Based Compensation 

3,998 

3,288 

Severance costs 

66 

11 

Consulting Expense: Commercial Growth Initiatives 

864 

- 

Adjusted EBITDA 

51,620 

35,091 

Reconciliation of cash flow from operations to free cash flow 

			 (In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Cash Flow from Operations 

49,588 

(3,863 

Capital expenditures 

(3,208 

(2,122 

Free Cash Flow 

46,380 

(5,985 

- 25 -

Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA 

(In thousands) 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Debt as reported 

35,200 

79,596 

Less: 

Cash and cash equivalents as reported 

1,828 

2,462 

Net Debt 

33,372 

77,134 

Adjusted EBITDA 

51,620 

35,091 

Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA 

0.65 

2.20 

Results of Operations 

2023 Compared to 2022 

Lighting Segment 

(In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Net Sales 

272,451 

233,449 

Gross Profit 

86,761 

70,120 

Operating Income 

31,633 

20,942 

Lighting Segment net sales of 272.5 million in fiscal 2023 increased 16.7 from fiscal 2022 net sales of 233.4 million. The sales growth was across all key vertical markets, with significant contributions from new and enhanced products. 

Gross profit of 86.8 million in fiscal 2023 increased 16.6 million or 23.7 from fiscal 2022. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 31.8 in fiscal 2023 compared to 30.0 in fiscal 2022. Contributors to the improvement of gross profit as a percentage of sales include an accelerated adoption of recently introduced products, sustained price disciplines, a higher value sales mix, and improved operational execution. 

Operating expenses of 55.1 million in fiscal 2023 increased 5.9 million or 12.1 from fiscal 2022 operating expenses of 49.2 million, primarily driven by higher commission expense as a result of higher sales. 

Fiscal 2023 Lighting Segment operating income of 31.6 million increased 10.7 million or 51.1 from operating income of 20.9 million in fiscal 2022 and operating income as a percentage of sales also increased from 9.1 to 11.6 . Both increases were primarily driven by sales volume and an improvement in gross profit as a percentage of sales. 

Display Solutions Segment 

(In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Net Sales 

224,528 

221,671 

Gross Profit 

50,179 

39,076 

Operating Income 

24,920 

17,589 

Display Solutions Segment net sales of 224.5 million in fiscal 2023 increased 2.9 million or 1.3 from fiscal 2022 net sales of 221.7 million. The net increase in sales in the grocery and refueling/c-store market verticals was partially offset by the near completion of a 100 million QSR digital menu board program. 

Gross profit of 50.2 million in fiscal 2023 increased 11.1 million or 28.4 from fiscal 2022. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 22.3 in fiscal 2023 compared from 17.6 in fiscal 2022. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales was driven by improved program pricing and favorable customer mix. 

- 26 -

Operating expenses of 25.3 million in fiscal 2023 increased 3.8 million or 17.6 from fiscal 2022. The increase of 3.8 million was driven by several factors including compensation, benefits, and commercial sales and marketing program costs to support sales growth, along with an increase in short-term performance based incentive plan expenses driven by improved business performance. 

Fiscal 2023 Display Solutions Segment operating income of 24.9 million increased 7.3 million or 41.7 million from operating income of 17.6 million in fiscal 2022. The increase of 7.3 million was primarily driven by an increase in sales and an improvement in gross profit as a percentage of sales. 

Corporate and Eliminations 

(In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Gross Profit 

5 

12 

Operating (Loss) 

(19,525 

(17,330 

The gross profit relates to the intercompany profit in inventory elimination. 

Operating expenses of 19.5 million in fiscal 2023 increased 2.2 million or 12.7 from fiscal 2022. The increase was primarily the result of an increase in short-term and long-term performance-based incentive plan expense driven by improved business performance and by commercial growth initiative consulting expense of 0.9 million for which there was no comparable expense in fiscal 2022. 

Consolidated Results 

Net interest expense of 3.7 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 2.0 million net interest expense in fiscal 2022. The increase in interest expense is primarily the results of increased borrowing costs. The Company also recorded a negligible amount of other expense in fiscal 2023 and 0.1 million of other expense in fiscal 2022, respectively, related to net foreign exchange currency transaction net losses through our Mexican and Canadian subsidiaries. 

The 7.6 million of tax expense in fiscal 2023 reflects a consolidated effective tax rate of 22.7 . The 4.1 million of income tax expense in fiscal 2022 represents a consolidated effective tax rate of 21.2 . The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily driven by an increase in pre-tax profits in the higher taxing jurisdiction of Puerto Rico. 

Reported net income of 25.8 million in fiscal 2023 compared to net income of 15.0 million in fiscal 2022. Non-GAAP adjusted net income was 29.0 million in fiscal 2023 compared to adjusted net income of 18.0 million in fiscal 2022 (Refer to the Non-GAAP tables above). The increase in Non-GAAP adjusted net income is primarily the result of an increase in net sales and an improvement of gross profit as a percentage of sales. Diluted earnings per share of 0.88 was reported in fiscal 2023 compared to 0.54 diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2022. The weighted average common shares outstanding for purposes of computing diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2023 were 29,316,000 shares compared to 27,993,000 shares in fiscal 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company considers our level of cash on hand, borrowing capacity, current ratio and working capital levels to be our most important measures of short-term liquidity. For long-term liquidity indicators, we believe our ratio of long-term debt to equity and our historical levels of net cash flows from operating activities to be the most important measures. 

Working capital was 73.3 million at June 30, 2023, compared to 81.8 million at June 30, 2022. The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 1.96 to 1 as of June 30, 2023, compared to a ratio of 2.06 to 1 as of June 30, 2022. The 8.5 million decrease in working capital from June 30, 2022, to June 30, 2023, is primarily driven by a 10.7 million decrease in inventory, partially offset by a 2.1 million increase in refundable income taxes. 

Net accounts receivable were 77.7 million and 77.8 million at June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively. Net accounts receivable remained relatively flat from prior year. Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) was 57 days and 54 days as of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively. We believe that our receivables are ultimately collectible or recoverable, net of certain reserves, and that aggregate allowances for credit losses are adequate. 

- 27 -

Net inventories of 63.7 million at June 30, 2023, decreased 10.7 million from 74.4 million at June 30, 2022. The decrease of 10.7 million is the primarily the result of a combination of decrease in gross inventory of 9.9 million and an increase of 0.8 million in obsolescence reserves. Lighting Segment net inventory decreased 7.8 million, and net inventory in the Display Solutions Segment decreased 2.9 million. 

Cash generated from operations and borrowing capacity under our credit facility is our primary source of liquidity. In September 2021, we amended our previous 100 million secured line of credit, to a 25 million term loan and the remaining 75 million as a secured revolving line of credit. Both facilities expire in the third quarter of fiscal 2026. As of June 30, 2023, 58.5 million of the line of credit was available. As of June 30, 2023, we are in compliance with all of our loan covenants. We believe that our 100 million credit facility plus cash flows from operating activities are adequate for operational and capital expenditure needs for the next 12 months. 

The Company generated 49.6 million of cash from operating activities in fiscal 2023 compared to a use of cash of 3.8 million in fiscal 2022. The 53.4 million increase in net cash flows from operating activity is primarily the result of strong improvement of cash flow generated from effective working capital management and from cash flow from earnings. 

The Company used 3.2 million of cash from investing activities in fiscal 2023 compared to a use of cash of 1.6 million in fiscal 2022. Capital expenditures were 3.2 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 2.1 million in fiscal 2022. The Company received 0.5 million of cash related to the settlement of working capital adjustments from the acquisition of JSI in fiscal 2022 with no comparable event in fiscal 2023. 

The Company had a use of cash of 47.1 million related to financing activities in fiscal 2023 compared to a source of cash of 5.6 million in fiscal 2022. The 52.7 million change in cash flow was primarily the result of cash generated from improved working capital management and from improved earnings, which was used to pay down the Company s line of credit in fiscal 2023. Also contributing to the reduction of debt was 3.9 million of cash received from the exercise of stock options in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2023 

The Company has on its balance sheet financial instruments consisting primarily of cash and cash equivalents, revolving lines of credit, and long-term debt. The fair value of these financial instruments approximates carrying value because of their short-term maturity and/or variable, market-driven interest rates. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk. 

Cash Dividends 

In August 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.05 per share payable September 5, 2023, to shareholders of record as of August 28, 2023. The indicated annual cash dividend rate for fiscal 2023 was 0.20 per share. The Board of Directors has adopted a policy regarding dividends which indicates that dividends will be determined by the Board of Directors at its discretion based upon its evaluation of earnings, cash flow requirements, financial conditions, debt levels, stock repurchases, future business developments and opportunities, and other factors deemed relevant. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1. "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Some of those significant accounting policies require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments or estimates. An accounting estimate is considered to be critical if it meets both of the following criteria: (i) the estimate requires assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (ii) different estimates reasonably could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur may have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. The significant accounting policy that management believes is critical to the understanding and evaluating our reported financial results is the warranty reserve. For further information see Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies " of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

- 28 -

Warranty Reserves: 

The Company offers a limited warranty that its products are free from defects in workmanship and materials. The specific terms and conditions vary somewhat by product line, but generally cover defective products returned within one to five years, with some exceptions where the terms extend to 10 years, from the date of shipment. The Company records warranty liabilities to cover the estimated future costs for repair or replacement of defective returned products as well as products that need to be repaired or replaced in the field after installation. The Company calculates its liability for warranty claims by applying estimates based upon historical claims as a percentage of sales to cover unknown claims, as well as estimating the total amount to be incurred for known warranty issues. Warranty reserves are subject to large reserve adjustments when actual warranty costs differ significantly from cost estimates. The Company also periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty liabilities and adjusts the amount as necessary which can also cause large reserve adjustments. These adjustments may be required in the future, which could adversely affect our gross profit and results of operations. The same methodology was used for calculating warranty reserves in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023. 

- 29 -

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

The Management of LSI Industries Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company or LSI is responsible for the preparation and accuracy of the financial statements and other information included in this report. LSI s Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of Management, including LSI s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on the criteria set forth in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the reality that judgments in decision making can be faulty, the possibility of human error, and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. 

In meeting its responsibility for the reliability of the financial statements, the Company depends upon its system of internal accounting controls. The system is designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and that transactions are properly authorized and recorded. The system is supported by policies and guidelines, and by careful selection and training of financial management personnel. The Company also has a Disclosure Controls Committee, whose responsibility is to help ensure appropriate disclosures and presentation of the financial statements and notes thereto. Additionally, the Company has an Internal Audit Department to assist in monitoring compliance with financial policies and procedures. 

The Board of Directors meets its responsibility for overview of the Company s financial statements through its Audit Committee which is composed entirely of independent Directors who are not employees of the Company. The Audit Committee meets periodically with Management and Internal Audit to review and assess the activities of each in meeting their respective responsibilities. Grant Thornton LLP has full access to the Audit Committee to discuss the results of their audit work, the adequacy of internal accounting controls, and the quality of financial reporting. 

Based upon LSI s evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. We reviewed the results of Management s assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm audited and independently assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is presented in the financial statements. 

James A. Clark 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

James E. Galeese 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

- 30 -

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 LSI Industries Inc. 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of LSI Industries Inc. (an Ohio corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated September 8, 2023 expressed unqualified opinion. 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical audit matters 

The critical audit matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. 

September 8, 2023 

- 31 -

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 LSI Industries Inc. 

 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 

 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of LSI Industries Inc. (an Ohio corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023, and our report dated September 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

 Basis for opinion 

 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 

 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

 September 8, 2023 

- 32 -

LSI INDUSTRIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 

 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Twelve Months Ended 

2023 

2022 

Net Sales 

Cost of products and services sold 

Severance costs 

Gross profit 

Selling and administrative expenses 

Severance costs 

Operating income 

Interest expense 

Other expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

- 33 -

LSI INDUSTRIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 For the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 

 (In thousands) 

(In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Net Income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive Income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

- 34 -

LSI INDUSTRIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 June 30, 2023, and 2022 

 (In thousands, except shares) 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 

Inventories 

Refundable income tax 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, Plant and Equipment, at cost 

Land 

Buildings 

Machinery and equipment 

Buildings under finance leases 

Construction in progress 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Goodwill 

Other Intangible Assets, net 

Operating Lease Right-Of-Use Assets 

Other Long-Term Assets, net 

Total assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

- 35 -

LSI INDUSTRIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (continued) 

 June 30, 2023, and 2022 

 (In thousands, except shares) 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2023 

2022 

LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Long-Term Debt 

Finance Lease Liabilities 

Operating Lease Liabilities 

Other Long-Term Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) 

Shareholders' Equity 

Preferred shares, without par value; Authorized shares, none issued 

Common shares, without par value; Authorized shares; Outstanding and shares, respectively 

Treasury shares, without par value 

Deferred compensation plan 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

- 36 -

LSI INDUSTRIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 

 (amounts in thousands) 

Common Shares 

Treasury Shares 

Key Executive 

Accumulated Other 

Total 

Number Of 

Number Of 

Compensation 

Comprehensive 

Retained 

Shareholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Amount 

Income (Loss) 

Earnings 

Equity 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

Net Income 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

(4 

Board stock compensation 

Restricted stock units issued, net of shares withheld for tax withholdings 

Shares issued for deferred compensation 

Activity of treasury shares, net 

Deferred stock compensation 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

Stock options exercised, net 

Dividends per share 

- 

- 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Net Income 

- 

- 

25,762 

25,762 

Other comprehensive income 

- 

- 

- 

294 

Board stock compensation 

ESPP stock awards 

Restricted stock units issued, net of shares withheld for tax withholdings 

Shares issued for deferred compensation 

207 

- 

Activity of treasury shares, net 

- 

Deferred stock compensation 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

Stock options exercised, net 

Dividends per share 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

- 37 -

LSI INDUSTRIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 
 (In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income 

Non-cash items included in net income 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Deferred compensation plan 

Stock compensation expense 

ESPP discount 

Issuance of common shares as compensation 

Loss on disposition of fixed assets 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Inventory obsolescence reserve 

Changes in certain assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Refundable income taxes 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Acquisition of JSI 

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment 

Proceeds from the sale of fixed assets 

Net cash flows (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Payments on long-term debt 

Borrowings on long-term debt 

Cash dividends paid 

Shares withheld on employees' taxes 

Payments on financing lease obligations 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities 

Change related to Foreign Currency 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

- 38 -

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

The Company disaggregates the revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition because the Company believes it best depicts the nature, amount, and timing of its revenue and cash flows. The table below presents a reconciliation of the disaggregation by reportable segments: 

Products and services transferred over time 

Type of Product and Services 

LED lighting, digital signage solutions, electronic circuit boards 

Poles and other display solutions elements 

Project management, installation services, shipping and handling 

Products and services transferred over time 

Type of Product and Services 

LED lighting, digital signage solutions, electronic circuit boards 

Poles and other display solutions elements 

Project management, installation services, shipping and handling 

Practical Expedients and Exemptions 

The Company s contracts with customers have an expected duration of one year or less, as such, the Company applies the practical expedient to expense sales commissions as incurred and has omitted disclosures on the amount of remaining performance obligations. 

Shipping costs that are not material in context of the delivery of products are expensed as incurred. 

The Company s accounts receivable balance represents the Company s unconditional right to receive payment from its customers with contracts. Payments are generally due within 30 to 90 days of completion of the performance obligation and invoicing; therefore, payments do not contain significant financing components. 

The Company collects sales tax and other taxes concurrent with revenue-producing activities which are excluded from revenue. Shipping and handling costs are treated as fulfillment activities and included in cost of products and services sold on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Credit and Collections: 

The Company maintains allowances for credit losses for probable estimated losses resulting from either customer disputes or the inability of its customers to make required payments. If the financial condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in their inability to make the required payments, the Company may be required to record additional allowances or charges against income. The Company determines its allowance for credit losses by first considering all known collectability problems of customers accounts, and then applying certain percentages against the various aging categories based on the due date of the remaining receivables. The resulting allowance for credit losses is an estimate based upon the Company s knowledge of its business and customer base, the current economic climate, and historical trends. Receivables deemed uncollectable are written-off against the allowance for credit losses after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company also establishes allowances, at the time revenue is recognized, for returns, discounts, pricing, and other possible customer deductions. These allowances are based upon historical trends. The following table presents the Company s net accounts receivable at the dates indicated. 

Less: Allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

million and million, respectively, without insurance coverage. 

- 

Machinery and equipment (in years) 

- 

Computer software (in years) 

- 

Costs related to the purchase, internal development, and implementation of the Company s fully integrated enterprise resource planning/business operating software system are either capitalized or expensed. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of fifteen years or the remaining term of the lease. 

The Company recorded million and million of depreciation expense in the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 respectively. 

years, from the date of shipment. The Company records warranty liabilities to cover the estimated future costs for repair or replacement of defective returned products as well as products that need to be repaired or replaced in the field after installation. The Company calculates its liability for warranty claims by applying estimates based upon historical claims as a percentage of sales to cover unknown claims, as well as estimating the total amount to be incurred for known warranty issues. The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty liabilities and adjusts the amount as necessary. 

Changes in the Company s warranty liabilities, which are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, during the periods indicated below were as follows: 

Product Warranties 

Additions charged to expense 

Deductions for repairs and replacements 

Balance at end of the period 

million and million in June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

million and million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

shares and shares in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. See further discussion in Note 3. 
 million as of June 30, 2023, and a nominal amount as of June 30, 2022. The Company recognizes foreign currency transaction (gains) and losses on certain assets and liabilities that are denominated in the Mexican Peso and Canadian Dollar. These transaction (gains) and losses are reported in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations and was a nominal amount for the fiscal year ended June30, 2023 and million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

There were no customers or customer programs representing a concentration of 10 or more of the Company s net sales in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, or 2022. There was no concentration of accounts receivable at June 30, 2023, or 2022. Summarized financial information for the Company s reportable business segments is provided for the indicated periods and as of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022: 

Display Solutions Segment 

Operating Income (Loss): 

Lighting Segment 

Display Solutions Segment 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Capital Expenditures: 

Lighting Segment 

Display Solutions Segment 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Lighting Segment 

Display Solutions Segment 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Display Solutions Segment 

Corporate and Eliminations 

The segment net sales reported above represent sales to external customers. Segment operating income, which is used in management s evaluation of segment performance, represents net sales less all operating expenses. Identifiable assets are those assets used by each segment in its operations. 

The Company records a mark-up on most intersegment revenues. Any intersegment profit in inventory is eliminated in consolidation. Intersegment revenues were eliminated in consolidation as follows: 

Display Solutions Segment inter-segment net sales 

Weighted average shares outstanding during the period, net of treasury shares 

Weighted average vested restricted stock units outstanding 

Weighted average shares outstanding in the Deferred Compensation Plan during the period 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic income per share 

DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Net Income 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Effect of dilutive securities (a): 

Impact of common shares to be issued under stock option plans, and Contingently issuable shares, if any 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted income per share 

Anti-dilutive securities (b) 

(a) 

(b) 

Work-in-progress 

Finished goods 

Total Inventories 

Compensation and benefits 

Accrued warranty 

Accrued sales commissions 

Accrued freight 

Accrued FICA 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued income tax 

Finance lease liabilities 

Other accrued expenses 

Total Accrued Expenses 

The Company identified its reporting units in conjunction with its annual goodwill impairment testing. The Company has a total of three reporting units that contain goodwill. One reporting unit is within the Lighting Segment and two reporting units are within the Display Solutions Segment. The tradename intangible assets have an indefinite life and are also tested separately on an annual basis. The Company relies upon a number of factors, judgments and estimates when conducting its impairment testing including, but not limited to, the Company s stock price, operating results, forecasts, anticipated future cash flows, and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and judgments in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. 

Fiscal 2023: 

As of March 1, 2023 , the Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test on the three reporting units that contain goodwill. The goodwill impairment test of the reporting unit in the Lighting Segment passed with a business enterprise value of million or above the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill. The goodwill impairment test of one reporting unit with goodwill in the Display Solutions Segment passed with an estimated business enterprise value of million or above the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill. The goodwill impairment test of the second reporting unit with goodwill in the Display Solutions Segment passed with an estimated business enterprise value of million or above the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill. 

The Company has two indefinite-lived intangible assets. The Company performed its annual review of indefinite-lived intangible assets as of March 1, 2023, and determined there was no impairment. The impairment test of the first indefinite-lived intangible asset passed with a fair market value of million or above its carrying value. The impairment test of the second indefinite-lived intangible asset passed with a fair market value of and million or above its carrying value. 

Fiscal 2022: 

As of March 1, 2022 the Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test on the three reporting units that contain goodwill. The goodwill impairment test of the reporting unit in the Lighting Segment passed with a business enterprise value of million or above the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill. The goodwill impairment test of one reporting unit with goodwill in the Display Solutions Segment passed with an estimated business enterprise value of million or above the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill. The goodwill impairment test of the second reporting unit with goodwill in the Display Solutions Segment passed with an estimated business enterprise value of million or above the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill. 

The Company has two indefinite-lived intangible assets. The Company also performed its annual review of indefinite-lived intangible assets as of March 1, 2022,and determined there was no impairment. The impairment test of the first indefinite-lived intangible asset passed with a fair market value of million or above its carrying value. The impairment test of the second indefinite-lived intangible asset passed with a fair market value of and million or above its carrying value. 

The following table presents information about the Company's goodwill on the dates or for the periods indicated: 

Measurement period adjustment 

Accumulated impairment losses 

Goodwill, net as of June 30, 2022 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Goodwill 

Accumulated impairment losses 

Goodwill, net as of June 30, 2023 

In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments to the original purchase price of JSI Store Fixtures which impacted the amount of goodwill originally reported. 

The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization by major other intangible asset class is as follows: 

Patents 

LED technology, software 

Trade name 

Non-compete 

Total Amortized Intangible Assets 

Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 

Trademarks and trade names 

- 

Total indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 

- 

Total Other Intangible Assets 

Patents 

LED technology, software 

Trade name 

Non-compete 

Total Amortized Intangible Assets 

Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 

Trademarks and trade names 

- 

Total indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 

- 

Total Other Intangible Assets 

The Company expects to record annual amortization expense as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

After 2028 

Term loan, net of debt issuance costs of and , respectively 

Total debt 

Less: amounts due within one year 

Total amounts due after one year, net 

In September 2021, the Company amended its existing million secured line of credit, to a million term loan and million remaining as a secured revolving line of credit. Both facilities expire in the third quarter of fiscal 2026. The principal of the term loan is repaid annually in the amount of million over a five-year period with a balloon payment of the remaining balance due on the last month. Interest on both the revolving line of credit and the term loan is charged based upon an increment over the LIBOR rate or a base rate, at the Company s option. The base rate is calculated as the highest of (a) the Prime rate, (b) the sum of the Overnight Funding Rate plus basis points and (c) the sum of the Daily LIBOR Rate plus basis points as long as a Daily LIBOR rate is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful. The increment over the LIBOR borrowing rate fluctuates between and basis points, and the increment over the Base Rate fluctuates between and basis points, both of which depend upon the ratio of indebtedness to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ), as defined in the line of credit agreement. As of June 30, 2023, the Company s borrowing rate against its revolving line of credit was . The increment over LIBOR borrowing rate will be basis points for the second quarter of fiscal 2024. The fee on the unused balance of the million committed line of credit fluctuates between and basis points. Under the terms of this line of credit, the Company has agreed to a negative pledge of real estate assets and is required to comply with financial covenants that limit the ratio of indebtedness to EBITDA and require a minimum fixed charge ratio. As of June 30, 2023, there was million available for borrowing under the million line of credit. 

The Company is in compliance with all of its loan covenants as of June 30, 2023. 

million in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. Dividends on restricted stock units in the amount of million and million were accrued as of June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. These dividends are paid upon the vesting of the restricted stock units when shares are issued to the award recipients. In August 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of per share payable September 5, 2023, to shareholders of record August 28, 2023. 

which were combined with the remaining shares available under the 2012 Stock Plan. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2019 Omnibus Plan is shares, all of which are available for future grant or award as of June 30, 2023. The 2019 Omnibus Plan allows for the grant of non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units (RSU s), performance stock units (PSU s), and other stock-based awards. The Company also awards Inducement awards that are granted by the Company to attract and retain key executives. Inducement awards are separately registered securities and are not part of the 2019 Omnibus Plan. 

In fiscal 2023, RSUs and PSUs were granted. In fiscal 2022, RSUs and PSUs were granted. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

In November of 2021, our board of directors approved the LSI Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). A total of shares of common stock were provided for issuance under the ESPP. Employees may participate at their discretion and are able to purchase, through payroll deduction, common stock at a discount on a quarterly basis. Employees may end their participation at any time during the offering period, and participation ends automatically upon termination of employment with the company. During fiscal year 2023, employees purchased shares. At June 30, 2023, shares remained available for purchase under the ESPP. 

Stock Options 

The fair value of each option on the date of grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. There were no options granted in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 

Stock option expense is recorded on a straight-line basis, or sooner if the grantee is retirement eligible as defined in the 2019 Omnibus Plan, net of forfeitures. The forfeiture rate is based on historical rates and reduces the compensation expense recognized. The expected volatility of the Company s stock was calculated based upon the historic monthly fluctuation in stock price for a period approximating the expected life of option grants. The risk-free interest rate is the rate of a five-year Treasury security at constant, fixed maturity on the approximate date of the stock option grant. The expected life of outstanding options is determined to be less than the contractual term for a period equal to the aggregate group of option holders estimated weighted average time within which options will be exercised. It is the Company s policy that when stock options are exercised, new common shares shall be issued. 

Service-based options have a three-year ratable vesting period beginning one year after the date of grant. Inducement stock options have a term of ten years only if the employee is employed for three years from the date of grant. The maximum exercise period of service-based and performance-based stock options granted under the 2019 Omnibus Plan is ten years. There were no service - based or inducement stock options awarded in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 

The Company recorded million and million of expense related to stock options in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

A summary of stock option activity as of June 30, 2023, and changes during the period from July 1, 2022, through June 30, 2023, are as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Exercisable at June 30, 2023 

Vested and expected to vest at June 30, 2023 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, was million as of June 30, 2023, and was nominal as of June 30, 2022. The Company received million of cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options in fiscal 2023 and a nominal amount of proceeds from the exercise of stock options in fiscal 2022. 

As of June 30, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of forfeitures, related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of years. 

For fiscal year 2023, the Company recognized a current income tax benefit of million for tax deductions related to equity compensation. A discrete tax expense of million was recognized to reduce deferred tax assets for cancelled awards and detriments in excess of the tax deductions. 

For fiscal year 2022, the Company recognized a current income tax benefit of million for tax deductions related to equity compensation. A discrete tax expense of million was recognized to reduce deferred tax assets for cancelled awards and detriments in excess of the tax deductions. 

Restricted Stock Units 

A total of RSUs with a weighted average fair value of per share were awarded to employees during fiscal 2023. The RSUs awarded during fiscal 2023 have a three-year vesting period, with one-third vesting on each of the anniversary dates. The Company determined the fair value of the awards based on the closing price of the Company stock on the date the RSUs were awarded. The unvested RSUs are non-voting but accrue cash dividends at the same per share rate as those cash dividends declared and paid on LSI s common stock. Dividends on RSUs in the amount of and were accrued as of June 30, 2023, and 2022 ,respectively. Accrued dividends are paid to the holder upon vesting of the RSUs and issuance of shares. 

The Company recorded million and million of expense related to RSUs during fiscal years 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

A summary of outstanding and unvested RSU activity as of June 30, 2023, and changes during the period from July 1, 2022, through June 30, 2023, are as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at June 30, 2023 

As of June 30, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of forfeitures, related to RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of years. The total fair value of RSUs that became fully vested during fiscal 2023 was million. 

Performance Stock Units 

A total of PSUs with a weighted average fair value of per share were awarded to employees during fiscal 2023. The Company determined the fair value of the awards based on the closing price of the Company stock on the date the PSUs were awarded. PSUs vest if the Company meets certain financial metrics over a three-year period. The PSUs are non-voting and do not accrue cash dividends at the same per share rate as those cash dividends declared and paid on LSI s common stock. 

The Company recorded million and million of expense related to PSUs during fiscal years 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

A summary of outstanding and unvested PSU activity as of June 30, 2023, and changes during the period from July 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023 are as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at June 30, 2023 

As of June 30, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of forfeitures, related to PSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of years. 

Director Stock Compensation Awards 

The Company awarded a total of and common shares as stock compensation awards in fiscal years 2023, and 2022, respectively. These common shares were valued at their approximate million fair market values based on their stock price at dates of issuance multiplied by the number of common shares awarded, pursuant to the compensation programs for non-employee directors who receive a portion of their compensation as an award of Company stock and for employees who received a nominal recognition award in the form of Company stock. Stock compensation awards are made in the form of newly issued common shares of the Company. 

Deferred Compensation Plan 

The Company has a non-qualified deferred compensation plan providing for both Company matching contributions and participant funded deferrals of compensation. This plan is fully funded in a Rabbi Trust. All plan investments are in common shares of the Company. As of June 30, 2023, there were 30 participants, all with fully vested account balances. A total of common shares with a cost of million, and common shares with a cost of million, both of which included the Company contributions and the participant deferrals, were held in the plan as of June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively, and, accordingly, have been recorded as treasury shares. 

The change in the number of shares held by this plan is the net result of newly issued shares as compensation deferred into the plan offset by distributions to terminated employees. The Company issued and new common shares for purposes of the non-qualified deferred compensation plan during fiscal 2023, and during fiscal 2022, respectively. 

million as of June 30, 2023. 

The Company leases certain manufacturing facilities along with a small office space, several forklifts, several small tooling items, and various items of office equipment. All but two of the Company s leases are operating leases. Leases have a remaining term of one to seven years some of which have an option to renew. The Company does not assume renewals in determining the lease term unless the renewals are deemed reasonably certain. The lease agreements do not contain any material residual guarantees or material variable lease payments. 

The Company has periodically entered into short-term operating leases with an initial term of twelve months or less. The Company elected not to record these leases on the balance sheet. The rent expense for these leases was immaterial for fiscal years 2023 and 2022. 

The Company has certain leases that contain lease and non-lease components and has elected to utilize the practical expedient to account for these components together as a single lease component. 

Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company used its incremental borrowing rate when determining the present value of lease payments. 

Financing lease cost: 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Liability reduction - operating cash flows 

Cash flows from finance leases 

Interest - operating cash flows 

Repayments of principal portion - financing cash flows 

Accrued expenses (Current liabilities) 

Long-term operating lease liability 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted Average remaining Lease Term (in years) 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Equipment under finance leases 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total finance lease assets, net 

Accured expenses (Current liabilities) 

Long-term finance lease liability 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Weighted Average remaining Lease Term (in years) 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present Value of Lease Liabilities 

Foreign 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

U.S. Federal 

Foreign 

State and local 

Total current 

Deferred 

Total provision for income taxes 

State and local taxes, net of federal benefit 

Foreign operations 

Federal tax credits 

Uncertain tax position activity 

Stock-based compensation 

Tax rate changes 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

The components of deferred income tax assets and (liabilities) at June 30, 2023, and 2022 are as follows: 

Reserves against current assets 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred compensation 

Stock-based compensation 

State net operating loss carryover and credits 

Lease Liability 

Canadian NOL 

U.S. Federal net operating loss carryover and credits 

Deferred income tax asset before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred income tax asset 

Goodwill, acquisition costs and intangible assets 

Depreciation 

Right of Use Asset 

Deferred income tax liability 

Net deferred income tax asset 

The Company has U.S. federal net operating loss carry forward deferred tax assets of million and million at June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively. The federal net operating loss carry forward was from the acquisition of JSI in May 2021. The decrease of million in fiscal 2023 was from utilization of the net operating loss. The Company has deferred tax assets for research and development credits of million at both June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022. Utilization of the federal net operating losses and research and development credits are limited by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 but are expected to be realized before expiration. 

The Company has Canadian net operating loss carry forward deferred tax assets of million and million at June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively. The decrease of million was from utilization of the net operating loss. The million deferred tax asset was from the acquisition of JSI and has a 20 year carryforward period. 

The Company has state net operating loss carryovers and tax credit deferred tax assets of million and million at June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively. A portion of the sate net operating loss carry forward was from the acquisition of JSI in May 2021. A valuation allowance of million exists at June 30, 2023, against Oregon tax credits not expected to be used. The Oregon credits are otherwise expected to expire over a 4-year period beginning June 30, 2027. 

At June 30, 2023, tax, interest, and penalties, net of potential federal tax benefits, were million, million, and million, respectively, of the total reserve for uncertain tax positions of million. The entire uncertain tax position of million, net of federal tax benefit, would impact the effective tax rate if recognized. 

At June 30, 2022, tax, interest, and penalties, net of potential federal tax benefits, were million, million, and million, respectively, of the total reserve for uncertain tax positions of million. The entire uncertain tax position of million net of federal tax benefit, would impact the effective tax rate if recognized. The liability for uncertain tax position is included in Other Long-Term Liabilities. 

The Company is recording estimated interest and penalties related to potential underpayment of income taxes as a component of tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized a million net tax (benefit)/expense in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, related to the change in reserves for uncertain tax positions. The Company recognized interest net of federal benefit and penalties of and ), respectively, in fiscal 2023 and ) and ), respectively, in fiscal 2022. The reserve for uncertain tax positions is not expected to change significantly in the next twelve months. 

The tax activity in the liability for uncertain tax positions was as follows: 

Decreases - tax positions in prior period 

Increase - tax positions in current period 

Balance at end of the fiscal year 

The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return in the United States, and files various combined and separate tax returns in several state and local jurisdictions, and also in Canada, Mexico, and Puerto Rico. In general, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal, state, and local tax examinations by tax authorities for fiscal years ending prior to June 30, 2020. Except that US tax years prior to June 30, 2020, are subject to exam to the extent of the US tax refunds generated from the carry back of the June 30, 2020, federal net operating loss. The IRS completed their examination of the US tax year ended June 30, 2020, and issued a no change report. 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Issuance of common shares as compensation 

Issuance of common shares to fund deferred compensation plan 

Issuance of common shares to fund ESPP plan 

million in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. This severance expense was related to reductions in staffing not related to plant restructuring. 

The activity in the Company s accrued severance liability was as follows for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023, and 2022: 

Accrual of expense 

Payments 

Balance at end of period 

Gross Profit 

Net Income 

Earnings per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Range of share prices 

High 

Low 

2022 

Net Sales 

Gross Profit 

Net Income 

Earnings per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

(a) 

Range of share prices 

High 

Low 

(a) 

- 60 -

Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Inventory Obsolescence Reserve: 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Reserve: 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Year Ended June 30, 2022 

(a) 

- 61 -

<EX-19>
 2
 ex_567649.htm
 EXHIBIT 19

ex_567649.htm 

Exhibit 19 

LSI INDUSTRIES INC. INSIDER TRADING POLICY AND ANTI- HEDGING AND PLEDGING POLICY 

Date: Adopted January 25, 2023 

 SCOPE: 

This policy applies to all directors and employees of LSI Industries Inc. and its subsidiaries and divisions. LSI may also determine that other persons should be subject to this policy, such as contractors or consultants who may have access to material non-public information. This policy also applies to family members, other members of a person s household and entities controlled by a person covered by this policy. 

PURPOSE: 

Federal law makes persons who trade securities on the basis of material non-public information, as well as their employers in certain cases, liable for fines, criminal penalties and civil liabilities. LSI has adopted this policy to assist it and its directors and employees in avoiding unlawful insider trading and improprieties related to trading in LSI securities, including the establishment of blackout periods during which transactions in LSI securities by LSI directors, certain employees (including those employees identified on the attachment to this policy), their family members and others are prohibited. In addition, the policy applies to information relating to securities issued by other companies with which LSI may have a business relationship or proposed business relationship. 

POLICY: 

Insider Trading Policy and Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy. 

GENERAL PROHIBITION: 

Directors and employees of LSI and its subsidiaries are prohibited from: 

(i) 

trading in LSI securities or in the securities of any company with which LSI may be conducting business or proposing to be conducting business while in possession of material non-public information regarding LSI or such other company; 

(ii) 

trading in puts or calls or other derivative securities linked to LSI; 

(iii) 

tipping, or providing such information to others for other than legitimate corporate purposes; 

(iv) 

recommending the purchase or sale of any security; 

(v) 

engaging in short sales of LSI stock. Short sales of stock are transactions where you borrow stock, sell it, then buy stock at a later date to replace the borrowed shares; 

(vi) 

assisting someone who is engaged in any of the above activities. 

EXPLANATION OF KEY CONCEPTS: 

The following discussion is provided in applying the General Prohibition. 

(i) 

LSI Securities . 

LSI securities include shares of LSI common stock and incentive awards such as stock options, restricted shares, restricted share units and performance awards related to shares of LSI common stock. 

This policy also applies to any other securities that LSI may issue, including, but not limited to, preferred stock, convertible debentures and warrants, as well as derivative securities that are not issued by LSI, such as exchange-traded put or call options or swaps related to LSI securities. 

(ii) 

Materiality 

The materiality of a fact depends upon the circumstances. A fact is material if it is likely that an investor would take it into account in deciding to purchase or sell securities. It need not be so important that it would change the investor s decision of whether to buy or sell; it is enough if it is the type of information on which reasonable investors usually rely in making purchase or sale decisions. As a general rule, if disclosure of the information is likely to affect the market price of a security, the information is always material. Material information can be either business or market related, can be positive or negative and can relate to virtually any aspect of a company s business or to any type of security, debt or equity. Examples of material information include, but are not limited to, information about: 

corporate earnings, earnings forecasts, or other earnings projections or guidance; 

possible mergers, acquisitions, tender offers, dispositions, joint ventures or restructurings; 

major new service offerings or new major contract awards; 

important business developments, such as developments of significant new product lines; 

significant litigation, regulatory action or other investigation; 

senior management or control changes; 

developments in the Company s business or prospects related to extraordinary events, such as pandemics, wars, terrorist attacks and natural disasters; 

2

changes in dividend policies or amounts or stock splits; 

significant financing developments including pending public sales or offerings of debt or equity securities; 

defaults on borrowings; 

changes in auditors or notification that the auditor s reports may no longer be relied 

upon; 

the establishment of a repurchase plan or program for Company securities; 

significant cybersecurity incidents, including significant data breaches or the investigation of such incidents; 

bankruptcies; and 

significant related party transactions. 

It is important to remember that materiality determinations are often challenged with the benefit of hindsight and therefore if there is any question whether particular information is material, the employee should not trade or communicate the information without consulting the Company s General Counsel. Moreover, material information does not have to be directly about a company's business. For example, the contents of a forthcoming newspaper column that is expected to affect the market price of a security can be material. 

(iii) 

Non-Public 

Information is non-public unless it has been disclosed to the investing public. Selective disclosure to a few persons does not make information public. In order to establish that the information has been disclosed to the public, it may be necessary to demonstrate that the information has been widely disseminated. Information generally would be 

 considered widely disseminated if it has been disclosed through the Dow Jones broad 

 tape, newswire services, publication in a widely-available newspaper, magazine or news websites, a Regulation FD-compliant conference call, or public disclosure documents filed with the SEC that are available on the SEC s website. 

The circulation of rumors, even if accurate and reported in the media, does not constitute effective public dissemination. In addition, even after a public announcement, a reasonable period of time must lapse in order for the market to react to the information. Generally, one should allow one full trading day following publication as a reasonable waiting period before such information is deemed to be public. 

(iv) 

Unauthorized Disclosure 

Maintaining the confidentiality of Company information is essential for competitive, security and other business reasons, as well as to comply with securities laws. Directors and employees should treat all information learned about the Company or its business plans in connection with employment as confidential and proprietary to, and as owned 

3

by, the Company. Inadvertent disclosure of confidential or inside information may adversely affect business plans and expose the Company and its directors and employees to significant risk of investigation and litigation. 

The timing and nature of the Company s disclosure of material information to outsiders is subject to federal law, the breach of which could result in substantial liability to the Company and its employees. Accordingly, it is important that responses to inquiries about the Company by the press, investment analysts or others in the financial community be made on the Company s behalf only through authorized individuals. 

All directors and employees are prohibited from posting or responding to any posting on or in Internet message boards, chat rooms, discussion groups or other publicly accessible forums, with respect to LSI. Keep in mind that any inquiries about LSI should be directed to the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

BLACKOUT PERIODS 

The Chief Financial Officer or General Counsel shall notify directors and select employees of the Company when there is a blackout period during which Covered Persons shall be prohibited from engaging in most transactions involving LSI securities. Covered Persons include LSI directors and select employees (including executive officers and those employees identified on the attachment to this policy) along with their family members, other members of a person s household and persons or entities they control in a trust or custodial capacity. Note that the Company has the sole and absolute discretion to include, among others, certain administrative staff, information technology employees, sales representatives and other service- providers as Covered Persons from time to time. Such notice will generally be delivered by email to such directors and select employees without specific identification of the reason for the blackout. Those periods shall be determined as follows: 

(i) 

The period beginning fifteen days prior to the end of the fiscal quarter and ending one full trading day after the public release of actual earnings for that fiscal quarter. 

(ii) 

Any other period during the fiscal year deemed appropriate to declare a blackout period as a result of pending news or activity of the Company that could significantly impact the market price of the Company s stock, including the events identified in the section above captioned Explanation of Key Concepts. 

PRE-CLEARANCE 

Covered Persons must contact the General Counsel, or in his absence, the Chief Financial Officer, to discuss any plans to trade LSI securities in the open market prior to the transaction to determine if there is any reason the contemplated transaction should not proceed. If there is nothing that should prohibit the transaction at that time, the Covered Person will be given approval for the transaction. 

4

TRANSACTIONS NOT SUBJECT TO THIS POLICY 

This policy does not apply to the following transactions, except as specifically noted: 

Stock Option Exercises. This policy does not apply to the exercise (i.e., purchase and hold) of an employee or director stock option acquired pursuant to LSI s plans, or to the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which a person has elected to have LSI withhold shares subject to an option to satisfy tax withholding requirements. This policy does apply, however, to any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. 

Restricted Stock Awards. This policy does not apply to the vesting of restricted stock, or the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which a person elects to have LSI withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of any restricted stock. The policy does apply, however, to any market sale of restricted stock. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. This policy does not apply to purchases of LSI 

 securities in LSI s Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan resulting from periodic (i.e., monthly) contribution of funds to the plan pursuant to payroll deduction elections. This policy also does not apply to distributions of LSI securities out of LSI s Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. As the timing of the annual purchase for LSI shares under the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan is determined by LSI management, such annual purchase shall be subject to this policy. 

Gifts . Gifts of LSI securities are not subject to this policy unless they are in connection with schemes to circumvent federal securities laws. 

Pre-arranged Trading Plans. This policy does not apply to purchases or sales of LSI securities by a Covered Person pursuant to pre-arranged trading plans that comply with Rule 10b5-1. Use of a pre-arranged trading plan allows a Covered Person to trade in LSI securities or the securities of other companies even during trading blackout periods because trading decisions are made by an independent third party according to a pre-set plan. 

All Covered Persons entering into a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan must act in good faith with respect to the plan. The Rule 10b5-1 trading plan must be entered into at a time when the Covered Person does not possess material non-public information. The Rule 10b5-1 trading plan may not be entered into during a blackout period. Covered Persons must pre-clear such Rule 10b5-1 trading plans by submitting to the General Counsel, or in his absence, the Chief Financial Officer, a copy of the written Rule 10b5-1 trading plan for review and approval before it can be entered into and effective. 

5

The written Rule 10b5-1 trading plan must be a binding contract, instruction, or other arrangement under specified terms and conditions for the purchase or sale of securities. SEC rules require Covered Persons to include representations in their written Rule 10b5-1 trading plans certifying, at the time of the adoption of a new or modified plan, that: (1) they are not aware of material nonpublic information about LSI or its securities; and (2) they are adopting the plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5. The written Rule 10b5-1 trading plan also must: 

(i) 

expressly specify the amount, price, and date of trades; 

(ii) 

include a written formula or algorithm, or computer program, for determining amounts, prices, and dates; or 

(iii) 

not permit the Covered Person to exercise any subsequent influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade; provided, in addition, that any other person who does exercise such influence is not aware (or is deemed to be unaware of the material nonpublic information when doing so). 

All Rule 10b5-1 trading plans of Covered Persons must have cooling-off periods between the date the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan is adopted or modified and when trading under the plan commences. For Covered Persons, the cooling-off period is the later of (i) 90 days after the adoption or modification of the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or (ii) two business days following the filing of the Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter in which the plan was adopted or modified. In any event, the required cooling-off period for Covered Persons must not exceed 120 days following the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan adoption or modification. For employees who are not Covered Persons, the applicable cooling-off period is 30 days after the adoption or modification of the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. 

No Covered Person may maintain or use multiple overlapping Rule 10b5-1 trading plans for open market purchases of LSI securities except as described below. This prohibition does not apply where a person transacts directly with LSI such as in a dividend reinvestment plan, employee stock ownership plan or deferred compensation plan, which are not executed on the open market. Also, the prohibition does not apply to plans authorizing an agent to sell only enough securities as are necessary to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising exclusively from the vesting of a compensatory award, such as on the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units, performance share awards and stock options sell-to-cover Rule 10b5-1 trading plans), provided that the award holder is not permitted to exercise control over the timing of such sales. Also, a Covered Person may maintain two separate Rule 10b5-1 trading plans for open market purchases or sales of LSI securities if trading under the later-commencing plan is not authorized to begin until after all trades under the earlier-commencing plan are completed or expire without execution. If the first plan is terminated early, the first trade under the later-commencing plan, however, must not be scheduled to occur until after the effective cooling-off period following the termination of the earlier plan which, as explained above, is the later of (i) 90 days after the adoption or modification of the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or (ii) two business days following the filing of the Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter in which the plan was adopted or modified. In any event, as explained above, the required cooling-off period for Covered Persons must not exceed 120 days following the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan adoption or modification. 

6

A Covered Person may enter into only one single-trade Rule 10b5-1 trading plan during any consecutive twelve-month period. A Rule 10b5-1 trading plan will not be treated as a single-trade plan if it gives the Covered Person s agent discretion over whether to execute the plan as a single transaction, or provides that the agent s future acts will depend on events or data not known at the time the plan is entered into and it is reasonably foreseeable at the time the plan is entered into that the plan might result in multiple trades. For the avoidance of doubt, sell-to-cover Rule 10b5-1 trading plans are exempt from the limitation on single-trade plans. 

Although transactions effected under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan will not require further pre-clearance at the time of the trade, any transaction (including the quantity and price) executed pursuant to a trading plan of a Section 16 reporting person must be reported to the Company promptly on the day of each trade to permit the Company's filing coordinator to assist in the preparation and filing of a required Form 4. 

The Company reserves the right from time to time to suspend, discontinue or otherwise prohibit any transaction in LSI securities, even pursuant to a previously approved trading plan, if the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or the Board of Directors, in its discretion, determines that such suspension, discontinuation or other prohibition is in the best interests of the Company. Any trading plan submitted for approval hereunder should explicitly acknowledge the Company's right to suspend, discontinue or prohibit transactions in LSI securities. 

Other Similar Transactions . Any other purchase of LSI securities from LSI or sales of LSI securities to LSI are not subject to this policy. 

PLEDGING AND HEDGING 

Covered Persons are prohibited from, directly or indirectly, pledging and/or hedging any LSI securities. Pledging includes the intentional creation of any form of pledge, security interest, deposit, lien or other hypothecation, including the holding or purchase of shares in a margin account or hypothecating shares as collateral for a loan, that entitles a third-party to foreclose against, or otherwise sell, any equity securities, whether with or without notice, consent, default or otherwise. For purposes of this policy, pledging does not include either the involuntary imposition of liens, such as tax liens or liens arising from legal proceedings, or customary purchase and sale agreements, such as Rule 10b5-1 plans. Hedging includes any instrument or transaction, including put options, monetization transactions, equity swaps, forward-sale contracts, collars, exchange funds, prepaid variable forwards and other forward-sale contracts, through which the Covered Person offsets or reduces exposure to the risk of price fluctuations in a corresponding equity security. 

CONSEQUENCES OF VIOLATING THIS POLICY 

Violation of this policy is not only a violation of LSI rules, but may also be a violation of federal law. As a result, a violation of these rules may: 

(i) 

subject the violator and the Company to large civil liability (up to three times the profit gained, or loss avoided); 

(ii) 

subject the violator to criminal prosecution with possible penalties of imprisonment of up to 20 years and additional fines of up to 5 million; and 

7

(iii) 

subject the violator to termination of employment for cause, whether or not the violation results in a violation of law. 

NOTIFICATION 

The Executive Vice President--Human Resources and General Counsel is in charge of implementing and explaining these policies. Please contact the General Counsel, or in his absence the Chief Financial Officer, before you buy or sell LSI securities or other securities or if anything in this policy is unclear to you. 

8

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex_567650.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_420319.htm 

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Subsidiary 

Business and 

			 Location 

Percent 

			 Owned by 

			 Registrant 

State/Province 

			 Of 

			 Incorporation 

Atlas Lighting Products, Inc. 

LED lighting 

100 

North Carolina 

Burlington, NC 

Grady McCauley Inc. 

Digital image and screen printed graphics; 

100 

Ohio 

interior graphics and signs 

Akron, OH 

LSI ADL Technology Inc. 

Electronic circuit boards 

100 

Ohio 

Columbus, OH 

LSI Integrated Graphics LLC 

Screen and digital printed materials; 

100 

Ohio 

and illuminated and non-illuminated 

architectural graphics 

Houston, TX 

LSI Kentucky LLC 

Metal fabrication 

100 

Ohio 

Independence, KY 

LSI International Holdings, Inc. 

A holding company for LSI s expansion into 

100 

Ohio 

countries outside the United States (majority shareholder) 

AsLSI International, LLC 

A holding company for LSI s expansion into 

100 

Ohio 

countries outside the United States (minority shareholder)_ 

LSLSI Graficas e Illuminacion S 

Outsourced back-office support located in Mexico 

100 

Mexico 

de de RL de C.V. 

City, Mexico 

LSI Fresh Subsidiary Inc. 

A holding company for JSI Holding Corp. 

100 

Ohio 

JSI Holding Corp. 

A holding company for JSI legal entities 

100 

Delaware 

Milo Holding Corp. 

A holding company for JSI legal entities 

100 

Delaware 

JSI SF Inc. 

Refrigerated and non-refrigerated 

100 

Delaware 

merchandising displays 

Greenville, South Carolina 

JSI Store Fixtures Inc. 

Refrigerated and non-refrigerated 

100 

Delaware 

merchandising displays 

Milo, Maine 

Bangor, Maine 

Payson, Utah 

JSI Store Fixtures Canada Inc. 

Refrigerated and non-refrigerated 

100 

British Columbia 

merchandising displays 

Collingwood, Ontario 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex_567651.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_567651.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our reports dated September 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of LSI Industries Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of LSI Industries Inc. on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-267377) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-269634, File No. 333-260767, File No. 333-259452, File No. 333-249861, File No. 333-248747, File No. 333-234556, File No. 333-233661, File 333-215878, File No. 333-209386, File No. 333-201890, File No. 333-201889, File No. 333-183747, and File No. 333-186446). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Cincinnati, Ohio 

 September 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_567652.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_420321.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

I, James A. Clark, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LSI Industries Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ James A. Clark 

James A. Clark 

Principal Executive 

			 Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_567653.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_420322.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

I, James E. Galeese, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LSI Industries Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ James E. Galeese 

James E. Galeese 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_567654.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_420323.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF JAMES A. CLARK 

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of the 
 United States Code and Rule 13a-14b 

In connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Annual Report of LSI Industries Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report ), I, James A. Clark, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James A. Clark 

James A. Clark 

Principal Executive 

			 Officer 

September 8, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to LSI Industries Inc. and will be retained by LSI Industries Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex_567655.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_420324.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF JAMES E. GALEESE 

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of the 
 United States Code and Rule 13a-14b 

In connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Annual Report of LSI Industries Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report ), I, James E. Galeese, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James E. Galeese 

James E. Galeese 

Principal Financial 

			 Officer 

September 8, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to LSI Industries Inc. and will be retained by LSI Industries Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lyts-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lyts-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lyts-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lyts-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 lyts-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

