<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230731_10-K_edgar_data_27093_0001493152-23-026120.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9715227</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>236243</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3204909</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2499909</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1580445</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2007097</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-026120.hdr.sgml : 20230731
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230731173031
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-026120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230731
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230731

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			U.S. GOLD CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000027093
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				221831409
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08266
		FILM NUMBER:		231128627

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 102 - BOX 604
		STREET 2:		1910 E IDAHO STREET
		CITY:			ELKO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6097990071

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 102 - BOX 604
		STREET 2:		1910 E IDAHO STREET
		CITY:			ELKO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DATARAM CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-026120.txt : 20230731

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 
 
 OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, including Area Code) 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Capital Market 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Note
 Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act from their obligations under those Sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of October 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting shares of common stock of the registrant issued and outstanding
on such date, excluding shares held by affiliates of the registrant as a group, was . This figure is based on the closing
sale price of 3.69 per share of the Registrant s common stock on October 31, 2022 . 

Number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of July 28, 2023: 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The
information called for by Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant s Definitive Proxy
Statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which the registrant intends to file pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP 

 INDEX 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Items 1 and 2. 
 Business and Properties 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 30 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 37 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 38 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 38 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 39 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 39 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 39 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 39 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 39 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 42 

Signatures 
 43 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Some
information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements concern our anticipated
results and developments in our operations in future periods, planned exploration and development of our properties, plans related to
our business and other matters that may occur in the future. These statements relate to analyses and other information that are based
on forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts not yet determinable and assumptions of management. These statements include, but
are not limited to, comments regarding: 

The
 timing of preparation and filing of our mine construction and operating permits for the CK Gold Project; 

The
 timing and process of our mine operating permit and closure plan for the CK Gold Project; 

The
 assumptions and projections contained in the CK Gold Project Prefeasibility Study, including estimated mineral resources and mineral
 reserves, mine life, projected operating and capital costs, projected production, internal rate of return IRR and
 Net Present Value NPV calculations, and the possibility of upside potential at the project; 

The
 planned extensions of our leases; 

Our
 planned expenditures during our fiscal year ended April 30, 2024; 

Whether
 we will make a buy down payment of the NSR associated with the Keystone Project; 

Future
 exploration plans and expectations related to our properties; 

Our
 ability to fund our business through April 30, 2024 with our current cash reserves based on our currently planned activities; 

Our
 anticipation of future environmental and regulatory impacts; and 

Our
 business and operating strategies. 

We
use the words anticipate, continue, likely, estimate, expect, may, 
 could, will, project, should, believe and similar expressions (including
negative and grammatical variations) to identify forward-looking statements. Statements that contain these words discuss our future expectations
and plans, or state other forward-looking information. Although we believe the expectations and assumptions reflected in those forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that these expectations and assumptions will prove to be correct. Our actual results
could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors described
in this annual report on Form 10-K, including: 

Unfavorable
 results from our exploration activities; 

Decreases
 in gold, copper or silver prices; 

Whether
 we are able to raise the necessary capital required to continue our business on terms acceptable to us or at all, and the likely
 negative effect of volatility in metals prices or unfavorable exploration results; 

Whether
 we will be able to begin to mine and sell minerals successfully or profitably at any of our current properties at current or future
 metals prices; 

Potential
 delays in our exploration activities or other activities to advance properties towards mining resulting from environmental consents
 or permitting delays or problems, accidents, problems with contractors, disputes under agreements related to exploration properties,
 unanticipated costs and other unexpected events; 

Our
 ability to retain key management and mining personnel necessary to successfully operate and grow our business; 

Economic
 and political events affecting the market prices for gold, copper, silver, and other minerals that may be found on our exploration
 properties; 

Volatility
 in the market price of our common stock; and 

The
 factors set forth under Risk Factors in Item 1A of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking
statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known to us. Consequently,
forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from
the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. These statements speak only as of the date of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking
statements to reflect future events or developments. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us and
persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this section and elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION 

Descriptions
of agreements or other documents contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended as summaries and are not necessarily complete.
Please refer to the agreements or other documents filed or incorporated herein by reference as exhibits. Please see the exhibit index
at the end of this report for a complete list of those exhibits. 

3 

PART
I 

Items
1 and 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 

Overview 

U.S.
Gold Corp., formerly known as Dataram Corporation (the Company ), was re-incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada
in 2016 and was originally incorporated in the State of New Jersey in 1967. Effective June 26, 2017, the Company changed its legal name
to U.S. Gold Corp. from Dataram Corporation. On May 23, 2017, the Company merged with Gold King Corp. Gold King ), in a
transaction treated as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization, and the business of Gold King became the business of the Company.
We are a gold, copper and precious metals exploration company pursuing exploration opportunities primarily in Wyoming, Nevada and Idaho. 

We
are an exploration and development company that owns certain mining leases and other mineral rights comprising the CK Gold Project in
Wyoming, the Keystone Project in Nevada and the Challis Gold Project in Idaho. The Company s CK Gold Project s property contains
proven and probable mineral reserves and accordingly is classified as a development stage property, as defined in subpart 1300 of Regulation
S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission S-K 1300 ). None of the Company s other properties contain
proven and probable mineral reserves and all activities are exploratory in nature. We do not currently have any revenue-producing activities. 

Corporate
Organization Chart 

The
name, place of incorporation, continuance or organization and percent of equity securities that we own or control as of July 31, 2023
for each of our subsidiaries is set out below. 

Corporate
Address 

The
current address, telephone number of our offices are: 

U.S.
Gold Corp. 

 1910
E. Idaho Street, Suite 102-Box 604 

 Elko,
NV 89801 

 (800)
557-4550 

4 

We
make available, free of charge, on or through our website, at https://www.usgoldcorp.gold, our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and other information. Our website and the information contained therein
or connected thereto are not intended to be, and are not, incorporated into this annual report on Form 10-K. The SEC maintains an Internet
website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC. 

Employees 

As
of April 30, 2023, we had 4 full-time employees and no part-time employees. In addition, we use consultants with specific skills to assist
with various aspects of our project evaluation, due diligence, corporate governance and property management. 

OUR
MINERAL PROPERTIES AND PROJECTS 

Property
Map 

For
a map showing the more precise location of each property, see the individual property descriptions set forth below. 

5 

Summary
of Current Mineral Properties 

Property 
 
 Stage
 of Property/Mine and mineralization types 
 
 Ownership,
 Mineral Rights, 
 Leases or Options 
 
 Key
 permit conditions 
 
 Processing
 plants and other available facilities 
 
 Other 

CK
 Gold Project - Wyoming 
 
 Development
 stage, proposed open-pit mine producing a copper concentrate containing gold, copper and silver from porphyry-style mineralization. 
 
 100 
 ownership - Two state of Wyoming Mineral Leases covering approximately 1,120 acres in Laramie County, Wyoming. State of Wyoming has
 certain royalty interests on mineral production. 
 
 Exploration
 permits received. Submitted applications to the Wyoming Division of Enviromental Quality for the permit to mine and industrial siting
 (granted), and air permit to be submitted at a later date. 
 
 No
 significant facilities 
 
 Working
 on detailed engineering studies for feasibility study 
 
 Keystone
 -Nevada 
 
 Gold
 exploration 
 
 100 
 ownership 601 unpatented lode mining claims comprising approximately 20 square miles in Eureka County, Nevada. 
 
 Exploration
 permits received. Reclamation bonding in place. Additional exploration permits may be necessary for additional exploration. 
 
 No
 significant facilities 

Challis
 - Idaho 
 
 Gold
 exploration 
 
 100 
 ownership - 77 unpatented lode mining claims in Lemhi County, Idaho covering approximately 1,710 acres. A royalty interest has been
 granted on the Challis property. 
 
 Preparing
 a revised plan of operations for further exploration. 
 
 No
 significant facilities 

Summary
of Previous Mineral Properties 

Property 
 
 Stage
 of Property/Mine and mineralization types 
 
 Ownership,
 Mineral Rights, 
 Leases or Options 
 
 Key
 permit conditions 
 
 Processing
 plants and other available facilities 
 
 Other 

Maggie
 Creek - Nevada 
 
 Gold
 exploration 
 
 We
 sold our rights to acquire the property to Nevada Gold Mines NGM) in November 2022. Royalty potential of .5 if NGM exercises
 its option and acquires the Maggie Creek property. 
 
 Exploration
 permits received and reclamation bond in place. Additional exploration permits may be necessary for additional exploration. 
 
 No
 significant facilities 
 
 Drilled
 two exploration holes in the year ended April 30, 2022 

Quality
Assurance/Quality Control QA/QC Protocol 

We
employ a rigorous QA/QC protocol on all aspects of sampling and analytical procedure. Drill core is checked, logged, marked for sampling
and sawn in half. One-half of each drill core is maintained for future reference and the other half of each drill core is sent to ALS,
an ISO 17025 accredited laboratory in Elko, Nevada to complete all sample preparation and assaying. Samples are analyzed by employing
fire assaying with atomic absorption finish for gold, and four-acid ICP-MS analysis for silver and copper. For QA/QC protocol purposes,
certified standards, blank samples and sample duplicates are inserted into the sample stream. We also periodically submit sample pulps
to another independent laboratory for check analysis. With respect to the CK Gold Project, and as part of the examination and preparation
of a Technical Report under Reg. S-K 1300 guidelines, QA/QC protocols have been independently checked. 

CK
Gold Project, Wyoming 

The
CK Gold Project consists of certain mining leases and other mineral rights located in the historic Silver Crown Mining District of southeast
Wyoming. 

Location
and Access 

The
CK Gold Project is located in southeastern Wyoming, approximately 20 miles west of the city of Cheyenne, on the southeastern margin of
the Laramie Range (Figure 1). The property covers about two square miles that include the S Section 25, NE Section 35,
and all of Section 36, T.14N., R.70W., Sixth Principal Meridian. Access to within an approximate 0.9 miles of the property is provided
by paved and maintained gravel roads. The surface of S Section 25, NE Section 35 is privately owned. An easement agreement
providing access for exploration and other minimal impact activities has been negotiated with an adjacent landowner. The fee for this
easement is 10,000 per year, renewable each year prior to July 11. The surface of Section 36 is owned by the State of Wyoming and is
currently leased to an adjacent landowner for grazing. 

The
project is entirely located on mineral rights owned and administered by the State of Wyoming. There are no federal lands within or adjoining
the CK Gold Project s land position. Curt Gowdy State Park lies northwest of the property, partially within Section 26. The state
park s southeastern boundary is approximately 1,000 feet northwest of the property and approximately 3,000 feet northwest of the
mineralized area. The CK Gold Project s property position consists of two State of Wyoming Metallic and Non- metallic Rocks and
Minerals Mining Leases. 

6 

Figure
1 CK Gold Project Location and Project Boundary 

7 

Rights
to the CK Gold Project 

Our
rights to the CK Gold Project arise under two State of Wyoming mineral leases: 

1) 
 State
 of Wyoming Mining Lease No. 0-40828 

Township
14 North, Range 70 West, 6th P.M., Laramie County, Wyoming: 

Section
36: All 

2) 
 State
 of Wyoming Mining Lease No. 0-40858 

Township
14 North, Range 70 West, 6th P.M., Laramie County, Wyoming: 

Section
25: S/2 

 Section
35: NE/4 

Ownership
of the mineral rights remains in the possession of the State of Wyoming as conveyed to the State by the United States, evidenced by 1942
patents for Section 36, and 1989 Order confirming title to Section 25 and 35. The State of Wyoming issued Mineral Leases for the mineral
rights to Wyoming Gold Mining Company, Inc. Wyoming Gold in 2013 and 2014. These leases were assigned to us on June 23,
2014. 

Lease
0-40828 is a ten-year lease that was renewed within the past year and expires on February 1, 2033. Annual rental payments under this
lease are 3.00 per acre. Lease 0-40858 is a ten-year lease that expires on February 1, 2024. This lease requires an annual rental payment
of 2.00 per acre. Upon the renewal of this lease for another ten-year term the annual rental payment will increase to 3.00 per acre.
Each lease is renewable for successive ten-year terms by submitting a renewal application fee and paying a nominal fee of 50. We anticipate
continuing to renew each lease beyond their current expiration dates. 

Effective
April 6, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Office of State Lands and Investments OSLI approved the recommendation from
the staff of the OSLI fixing the production royalty rate at a flat 2.1 of net receipts received by us once the project is in operation.
Additionally, once the project is in operation, the Board of Directors of the OSLI has the authority to reduce the royalty payable to
the State. 

Infrastructure 

Given
the project s proximity to Cheyenne, the state capital of Wyoming and the Front Range metropolitan area, personnel needs, delivery
of consumables, and infrastructure needs are available both locally and regionally. The area has access to both BNSF and Union Pacific
railroad lines, intersection of 2 major interstate highways, I-80 and I-25, and a regional airport. 

High
voltage powerlines are approximately 1.5 miles (2.4km) from the current project area. A connection to the local power provider and easement
for transmission lines has been identified and scoped. While there is a nearby line serving the local population, we anticipate that
a new line to the project site will be constructed. 

In
February 2023, we entered into a Water Development and Purchase Agreement Water Agreement with the Board of Public Utilities
(the BOPU of the City of Cheyenne. Under this Water Agreement, BOPU will provide a firm supply of up to 600 gallons per
minute for the life of the project. It is anticipated that the water to be supplied under this Water Agreement will come from the Lone
Tree wellfield owned by BOPU. A pipeline from the Lone Tree well field to the project will be required to be constructed. Minor water
sources have been identified around the project site from monitoring well locations, and additional deeper well sites will be investigated
in upcoming fields seasons with a view to securing an independent water supply. 

Permitting 

Mine
Operating Permit and Closure Plan MOP 

 In
September 2022, we filed our MOP with the Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality Land Division (the WDEQ ).
In November 2022, we received notification from WDEQ that our MOP was deemed complete and that it was under technical review. In April
2023, we received a first round of technical comments and are currently working with the WDEQ to fully respond to their initial review.
We anticipate that we will continue to work with WDEQ through technical review for the remainder of calendar 2023 and into 2024. 

Industrial
Siting Permit ISP 

 In
February 2023, we submitted our ISP with the Industrial Siting Division of the WDEQ. An ISP is required for all projects within the state
of Wyoming when the projected capital costs are anticipated to exceed 253.9 million. This threshold includes costs we may incur as well
as costs incurred from other parties. The ISP s intent is to ascertain the regional impacts during construction and mine operation
and release state funds to local governments to offset anticipated impacts. Subsequent to the permit submission, a hearing was held with
the Industrial Siting Commission in May 2023 whereby our ISP was approved. In June 2023, we received official notification from the state
of Wyoming that our ISP was granted. 

History
of Prior Operations and Exploration on the CK Gold Project 

Limited
exploration and mining were conducted on the CK Gold Project s property in the late 1880s and early 1900s. Approximately 300 tons
of material was reported to have been produced from a now inaccessible 160-foot-deep shaft with two levels of cross-cuts. A few small
adits and prospect pits with no significant production are scattered throughout the property. 

Since
1938, at least nine historic (pre-Strathmore Minerals Corp.) drilling campaigns by at least seven companies plus the U.S. Bureau of Mines
have been conducted at CK Gold Project s property, previously referred to as Copper King. The current project database contains
91 drill holes totaling 37,500 feet that were drilled before Wyoming Gold acquired the property. All but six of the drill holes are within
the current resource area. Other work conducted at the CK Gold Project s property by previous companies has included ground and
aeromagnetic surveys as well as induced polarization surveys along with geochemical sampling, geologic mapping, and a number of metallurgical
studies. 

Wyoming
Gold conducted an exploration drill program in 2007 and 2008. Thirty-five diamond core drill holes were completed for a total of 25,500
feet. The focus of that work was to confirm and potentially expand the mineralized body outlined in the previous drill campaigns, increase
the geologic and geochemical database leading to the creation of the current geologic model and mineralization estimate, and to provide
material for further metallurgical testing. The CK Gold Project s historic assay database for some 120 holes contains 8,357 gold
assays and 8,225 copper assays. At least 10 different organizations or individuals conducted metallurgical studies on the gold-copper
mineralization at the request of prior operators between 1973 and 2009. 

8 

Geology
and Mineralization 

The
CK Gold Project is underlain by Proterozoic rocks that make up the southern end of the Precambrian core of the Laramie Range. Metavolcanic
and metasedimentary rocks of amphibolite-grade metamorphism are intruded by the 1.4-billion-year-old Sherman Granite and related felsic
rocks. Within the project area, foliated granodiorite is intruded by aplitic quartz monzonite dikes, thin mafic dikes and younger pegmatite
dikes. Shear zones with cataclastic foliation striking N60 E to N60 W are found in the southern part of the Silver Crown district,
including at CK Gold. The granodiorite typically shows potassium enrichment, particularly near contacts with quartz monzonite. Copper
and gold mineralization occur primarily in unfoliated to mylonitic granodiorite. The mineralization is associated with a N60 W-trending
shear zone and disseminated and stockwork gold-copper deposits in the intrusive rocks. The mineralization style is consistent with a
porphyry gold-copper deposit of Paleoproterozoic age. Hydrothermal alteration is overprinted on retrograde greenschist alteration and
includes a central zone of silicification, followed outward by a narrow potassic zone, surrounded by propylitic alteration. Higher-grade
mineralization occurs within a central core of thin quartz veining and stockwork mineralization that is surrounded by a ring of lower-grade
disseminated mineralization. Disseminated sulfides and native copper with stockwork malachite and chrysocolla are present at the surface,
and chalcopyrite, pyrite, minor bornite, primary chalcocite, pyrrhotite, and native copper are present at depth. Gold occurs as free
gold and within chalcopyrite crystals. 

The
CK Gold Project s property contains oxide, mixed oxide-sulfide, and sulfide rock types. At the stated cutoff grade of 0.015oz AuEq/ton,
approximately 80 of the resource is sulfide material with the remaining 20 split evenly between the oxide and mixed rock types. There
is consistent distribution of gold and copper, albeit generally low-grade, throughout this potential open-pit type deposit. 

Mineral
Reserves and Mineral Resources 

Mineral
reserve and mineral resource estimates were calculated by Gustavson Associates LLC (now WSP USA, Inc.) through the effective date of
November 15, 2021 as shown in the Technical Report Summary attached to this annual report on Form 10-K. The mineral reserve and mineral
resource tabulations shown below are based on assumed metals prices of 1,625/oz gold, 3.25/lb copper and 18.00/oz silver. These metals
price assumptions are comprised of long-term metals forecasting (33 and the two-year trailing average (67 ). Based on the actual prices
of these metals at the end of our fiscal year 1,911/oz gold, 4.45/lb copper and 23.45/oz silver, based on the respective London Metal
Exchange, we believe that the price assumptions used in preparing our mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates at November 15,
2021 remain reasonable and, therefore, we believe the estimates prepared by Gustavson Associates LLC remain a reasonable estimate of
our mineral resources and mineral reserves at April 30, 2023. 

CK
Gold Project Summary of Gold, Copper and Silver Mineral Resources at April 30, 2023 based on 1,625/oz gold, 3.25/lb copper
and 18.00/oz silver 

Mass 
 Gold (Au) 
 Copper (Cu) 
 Silver (Ag) 
 Au Equivalent (AuEq) 

Tons (000 s) 
 Oz (000 s) 
 oz/ st 
 lbs (millions) 
 
 Oz (000 s) 
 oz/st 
 Oz (000 s) 
 oz/ st 
 
 Measured (M) 
 1,000 
 6 
 0.019 
 2 
 0.196 
 100 
 0.05 
 2 
 0.024 
 
 Indicated (I) 
 10,500 
 94 
 0.01 
 30 
 0.15 
 450 
 0.03 
 138 
 0.016 
 
 M + I 
 11,500 
 100 
 0.014 
 32 
 0.16 
 550 
 0.039 
 140 
 0.018 

Inferred 
 22,500 
 235 
 0.01 
 68.3 
 0.152 
 323 
 0.014 
 357 
 0.016 

(1)
Resources tabulated at a cutoff grade of (0.0107 0.0088) AuEq oz/st, 0.009 AuEq oz/st average 

 (2)
Note only 3 significant figures shown, may not sum due to rounding 

 (3)
Estimates of mineral resources are exclusive of mineral reserves 

CK
Gold Project Summary of Gold, Copper and Silver Mineral Reserves at April 30, 2023 based on 1,625/oz gold, 3.25/lb copper and
 18.00/oz silver 

Mass 
 Gold (Au) 
 Copper (Cu) 
 Silver (Ag) 
 Au Equivalent (AuEq) 

Tons (000 s) 
 Oz (000 s) 
 oz/ st 
 lbs (millions) 
 
 Oz (000 s) 
 oz/ st 
 Oz (000 s) 
 oz/ st 
 
 Proven (P1) 
 29,600 
 574 
 0.019 
 118 
 0.198 
 1,440 
 0.049 
 757 
 0.026 
 
 Probable (P2) 
 40,700 
 440 
 0.011 
 130 
 0.16 
 1,220 
 0.03 
 679 
 0.017 
 
 P1 + P2 
 70,400 
 1,010 
 0.014 
 248 
 0.176 
 2,660 
 0.038 
 1,440 
 0.02 

(1)
Reserves tabulated at a cutoff grade of (0.0107 0.0088) AuEq oz./st, 0.009 AuEq Oz/st average 

 (2)
Note only 3 significant figures shown, may not sum due to rounding 

Mineral
resources are reported at a gold equivalent grade (AuEq) cutoff grade, which considers metal recovery and pricing Cutoff grade varies
with expected recovery for delineated material types, but averages 0.009 short ton (oz/st) AuEq, equivalent to 0.31 grams per metric
tonne (g/t) AuEq. Gold equivalent grade (Au/Eq) is used to simplify cutoff grade to a single equivalent metal (gold). The mineral resource
is constrained inside an optimization shell which, combined with the cutoff grade, represents reasonable prospects for economic extraction.
The mineral reserve estimate lies inside of a designed mine open pit. See Section 12.1 in the Technical Report Summary incorporated by
reference in this Form 10-K for a discussion of pit optimization, cutoff grade and dilution. 

9 

Prefeasibility
Study PFS 

On
December 1, 2021, we released the results of our PFS. The PFS was prepared by Gustavson Associates LLC with an effective date of November
15, 2021. 

The
following are highlights from the PFS: 

10-year
 Mine Life at 20,000 short tons per day process rate 

Average
 AuEq production: 108,500 ounces per year 

First
 three years: 135,300 AuEq ounces per year 

Initial
 Capital: 221 million 

Potential
 attractive financing terms from equipment suppliers and development capital sources 

2-year
 payback 

Economics
 39.4 IRR before tax and 33.7 IRR after tax 

NPV
 (5 ): 323 million and 266 million, before and after tax, respectively 

All
 in Sustaining Cost AISC at 800 per AuEq ounce 

Assumes
 1,625/ounce gold price and 3.25/lb copper price 

Highly
 leveraged to increasing metals prices 

Upside
 Potential 

Aggregate
 sales from mine waste rock, proven to be excellent quality 

Feasibility
 study level value engineering and plant optimization 

Ongoing
 metallurgical testing to enhance recovery of gold and copper 

Resource
 expansion potential at depth and to the south-east 

Permitting
 and Development 

Project
 footprint under the jurisdiction of Wyoming agencies 

The
economic projections in the PFS are subject to a variety of assumptions and qualifications that are described in more detail in the Technical
Report Summary incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. In summary, the low-grade copper, silver and gold deposit located on Wyoming
State Land and under lease to US Gold Corp, is proposed as an open pit mine. The rate of extraction will be sufficient to feed minerals
to the process plant at a rate of 20,000 tons per day, involving the removal of surrounding waste material at a similar rate. The process
plant serves to crush and grind the ore into a fine particle form in a slurry, whereupon the copper, silver and gold values can be separated
from non-mineralized rock into a concentrate using froth flotation. The concentrate will be dried and shipped off site and sold to a
smelter for final metal extraction. The waste material will be filtered to recoup and recycle water back to the process plant, and the
filtered tailings will be trucked and mechanically stacked onto a tailings pile. The process facility is also on the same Wyoming State
section less than a mile away from the mineralized orebody, with the entire operation some 20-miles west of Cheyenne. The metallurgical
test work supporting the extraction methodology was initially performed by a previous owner between 2009 and 2012, but the company has
gathered additional representative sample and conducted further extensive test work between 2020 and 2023. The results of the test work
were incorporated into the prefeasibility study published on December 1, 2021, and have continued to confirm results and inform the feasibility
study due for publication in the second half of 2023. 

We
expense all mineral exploration costs as incurred. Although we have identified proven and probable mineral reserves on our CK Gold Project,
development costs will be capitalized when all the following criteria have been met, (a) we receive the requisite operating permits,
(b) completion of a favorable Feasibility Study and (c) approval from our board of director s authorizing the development of the
ore body. Until such time all these criteria have been met, we record pre-development costs to expense as incurred. The current book
value of our property is approximately 3.1 million, which is recorded in mineral properties and reflects the value that was attributed
to the purchase of the CK Gold Project. We do not have any costs on our balance sheet related to plant or equipment as we have not incurred
any such costs. 

Recent
Activities 

We
submitted both of our major permit applications during the year-ended April 30, 2023, the MOP and ISP. We are in technical review with
regards to the MOP with an expected completion date in 2024. We were granted our ISP in June 2023 providing local governments the ability
to receive state funds to mitigate impacts from the anticipated construction and operation of our CK Gold Project. 

We
secured the necessary water needed to operate the project with the execution of the Water Agreement with the Cheyenne Board of Public
Utilities (BOPU), post approval from the Cheyenne City Council to allow BOPU to enter into an Outside Water Users Agreement ,
which provides us a firm supply of water of 600 gallons per minute over the life of the project. 

Primarily
in support of the feasibility study presently underway, during the 2021 field season, 47 core, rotary and conventional holes were drilled
at the CK Gold Project. The primary purpose of the drilling program is to supplement the geotechnical and hydrological information. 

Additional
work centered around the capture and interpretation of environmental base line data encompassing sub-surface and surface water, fauna,
flora, cultural, air quality, meteorological conditions, wetlands and socio-economic factors in the project area. Starting in September
2020, over 2 1/2 years of monitoring data have been gathered and ongoing monitoring in critical areas continues. 

Additionally,
a great deal of social outreach has been conducted to familiarize the immediate population and the Wyoming, Cheyenne and Laramie governmental
and regulatory agencies. 

Geological
Potential of the CK Gold Project 

Potential
to expand the existing resource exists primarily at depth beyond current drilling depths and to the south of the proposed pit. Numerous
drill holes end in significant mineralization. We are developing a program to evaluate a magnetic anomaly, similar to that found centered
on the CK Gold Project mineralization, mile to the southeast of the project. 

Keystone
Project, Cortez Trend, Nevada 

Location 

The
Keystone Project consists of 601 unpatented lode mining claims situated in Eureka County, Nevada. The claims making up the Keystone Project
are situated in Eureka County, Nevada in Sections 2-4 and 9-11, Township 23 North, Range 48 East, and Sections 22- 28, and 33-36 Township
24 North, all Range 48 East of the Mount Diablo Meridian (Figures 2 and 3). 

10 

Figure
2 Location of Keystone Project and Major Gold Trends in Nevada 

11 

Figure
3 Keystone Project Claim Boundaries 

12 

The
Keystone Project is accessible via unpaved roads. Navigation through the interior of the project is by off-road vehicle on exploration
tracks. 

Title
and Ownership for Keystone Project 

The
Keystone Project consists of unpatented mining claims located on federal land administered by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management BLM ).
An annual maintenance fee of 165 per claim per year must be paid to the Nevada BLM by September 1 of each year, and failure to make
the payment on time renders the claims void. In addition to the annual maintenance fee paid to the Nevada BLM, a 12 per claim fee is
due to the Eureka County (NV) Clerk s office as a record fee. 

We
acquired the mining claims comprising the Keystone Project on May 27, 2016 from Nevada Gold Ventures, LLC and Americas Gold Exploration,
Inc. Americas Gold ). Some of the Keystone claims are subject to pre-existing net smelter royalty NSR obligations.
In addition, Nevada Gold Ventures, LLC retained additional NSR rights of 0.5 with regard to certain claims and 3.5 with regard to certain
other claims. The unpatented mining claims comprising the Keystone Project, with applicable NSR obligations, are as follows: 

1. 
 Acquired
 100 from Americas Gold; subject to a one percent (1 NSR held by Wolfpack Gold Nevada Corp.; a two percent (2.0 NSR with respect
 to precious metals and one percent (1.0 NSR with respect to all other metals and minerals held by Orion Royalty Company, LLC; and
 a one-half percent (0.5 NSR to Nevada Gold Ventures, LLC. 

27
unpatented lode mining claims situated in Eureka County, Nevada, in Sections 33 and 34, Township 24 North, Range 48 East, and Sections
3, 4, 9, and 10, Township 23 North, Range 48 East, Mount Diablo Base Line and Meridian. 

2. 
 Acquired
 100 from Americas Gold; subject to a three and one-half percent (3.5 NSR to Nevada Gold Ventures, LLC 

13
unpatented lode mining claims situated in Eureka County, Nevada, in Sections 27, 28 and 35, Township 24 North, Range 48 East, and Sections
2 and 3, Township 23 North, Range 48 East, Mount Diablo Base Line and Meridian. 

3. 
 Acquired
 100 from Nevada Gold Ventures, LLC; subject to a three and one-half percent (3.5 NSR to Nevada Gold Ventures, LLC 

28
unpatented lode mining claims situated in Eureka County, Nevada, in Sections 2 11, Township 23 North, Range 48 East, Mount Diablo
Base Line and Meridian. 

4. 
 Acquired
 50 from Nevada Gold Ventures, LLC, 50 from Americas Gold, subject to a three and one-half percent (3.5 NSR to Nevada Gold Ventures,
 LLC 

216
unpatented lode mining claims, alphabetically ordered, situated in Eureka County, Nevada, in Sections 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 33,
34, 35 36, Township 24 North, Range 48 East, Mount Diablo Base Line and Meridian. 

13 

Under
the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 25, 2016, under which we acquired the claims, we had the right to buy down 1 
of the NSR owed to Nevada Gold Ventures LLC at any time through the fifth anniversary of the closing date, May 25, 2021, for 2,000,000.
In addition, we may buy down an additional 1 of the NSR owed to Nevada Gold Ventures, LLC anytime through the eighth anniversary of
the closing date, May 25, 2024, for 5,000,000. At April 30, 2023, we have not bought down any portion of the NSR. The decision to make
a buy down payment would be driven by our progress in identifying an economic mineral resource, coupled with financial factors, such
as available cash or an expressed interest by larger producing companies to enter into joint ventures or development arrangements. We
do not currently anticipate making such a buy down payment at this time. 

History
of Prior Operations and Exploration on the Keystone Project 

No
comprehensive, modern-era, model-driven exploration has ever been conducted on the Keystone Project. Newmont drilled 6 holes in the old
base metal and silver Keystone mine area in 1967 and encountered low-grade (+/- 0.02 opt) gold intercepts. Chevron staked the property
in 1981-1983 and drilled 27 shallow drill holes, continued by an agreement with USMX that drilled an additional 19 shallow holes; significant
amounts of low grade and anomalous gold were intersected, but results were considered uneconomic, and the project was dropped. In 1988
and 1989, Phelps Dodge acquired a southern portion of the district and drilled 6 holes, one of which contained gold mineralization in
its total depth and was subsequently deepened in 1990 resulting in over 200 of low-grade gold mineralization. About this time
Coral Resources acquired a northern portion of the property and drilled 21 shallow holes to follow-up previous drill intercepts. 1995-1997,
Golden Glacier, a junior company, acquired the north end of the district, and Uranerz a portion of the southern area; 6 holes were drilled
in the north and only 2 holes in the south, respectively. The entire district was dropped by all parties. 

In
2004, with the discovery of Cortez Hills and escalating gold prices, Nevada Pacific Gold, Great American Minerals (Don McDowell), and
Tone Resources (Dave Mathewson) competed in claim staking the entire district. Subsequently, Don McDowell, founder of Great American
Minerals approached Placer Dome (prior to Barrick acquisition) who discovered Pipeline and Cortez Hills, and who correctly recognized
the Keystone district potential. Placer Dome entered into separate joint venture agreements with Nevada Pacific and Great American. The
following year Barrick Gold bought Placer Dome and dropped all Placer Dome s Nevada exploration projects and joint ventures, including
Keystone. In 2006, Nevada Pacific and Tone were purchased by McEwen Mining. McEwen Mining, drilled 35 holes mostly near the north end
of the district; targeting the range front pediment and the historic Keystone Mine. McEwen Mining dropped their Keystone claims and quit
claimed them to Dave Mathewson and NV Gold Ventures. NV Gold Ventures and American Gold staked their own additional claims in the district.
This expanded group of claims was acquired in the original Keystone Purchase Agreement. We have staked additional claims in the district,
such as Potato Canyon, since acquiring the project. 

Geology
and Mineralization 

To
date, a technical report has not been prepared on the Keystone Project. Keystone is positioned on the prolific Cortez gold trend. The
Keystone Project is centered on a granitic intrusion that warped the local Paleozoic stratigraphy into a dome, allowing for exposure
of highly favorable Devonian, Carboniferous (Mississippian-Pennsylvania) and Permo- Triassic rocks including key likely host rocks for
mineralization, the silty carbonate strata of the Horse Creek Formation and the Wenban limestone, as well as possible sandy clastic units
of the Diamond Peak Formation. The Horse Canyon and Wenban rocks are the primary host rocks at the nearby Cortez Hills Mine and Gold
Rush deposit currently operated by Barrick Gold. 

In
2022, a hyperspectral survey was conducted on the property identifying evidence of potential mineralization. Numerous anomalies often
associated with mineralization were identified. Field investigation of the anomalies will commence during the 2023 field season. 

Infrastructure
and Facilities 

The
Keystone Project does not currently include any significant facilities. The Keystone Project sits some 10 miles to the southwest of Nevada
Gold mines Cortez Complex. The Cortez Complex, consisting of surface and underground mines, is served by roads and power, while water
in the area is extracted from sub-surface water resources. The Keystone Project is served by paved and unpaved roads, which extend down
trend from the Cortez Complex to the north and additional road and infrastructure to the north-east. The whole area is some 30 miles
to the south of the I-80 interstate corridor between the towns of Battle Mountain and Winnemucca, with Elko, Nevada being the dormitory
town for the majority of the workforce and support services. 

14 

The
Challis Gold Project, Idaho 

Location 

The
Challis Gold property is situated in the Salmon River Mountains, approximately 40 km (25 mi) southwest of the town of Salmon, Idaho,
and 69 km (43 mi) north of the smaller town of Challis (Figure 7). The project area is considered to be within the Cobalt Mining District,
as the past-producing Blackbird Cobalt Mine is located 9.3 km (5.75 mi) north-northwest of the property. The nearly-abandoned town of
Cobalt, a previous company town for the Blackbird Mine, is along Panther Creek 9.7 km (6 mi) northeast of the property. Meridian Gold s
Beartrack Mine, the closest of the larger gold mines in the region, is 24 km (15 mi) northeast of the Challis Gold Project. The central
portion of the property is located at approximately 45 2 North Latitude and 114 20 West Longitude. The claims
are situated in the south-central portion of unsurveyed Township T20N, R18E. 

- 
 Figure
 7: The Challis Gold Project Location in Idaho 

Title
and Ownership for Challis Gold Project 

All
of the mining claims comprising the Musgrove property are unpatented lode mining claims that have been recorded in the Lemhi County Court
House in Salmon, Idaho and filed with the US Bureau of Land Management office in Boise. 

History
of Prior Operations and Exploration 

Early
mining dates to the late 1880 s when gold was discovered at the nearby Yellow Jacket Mine and copper and cobalt was discovered
north of the project area at the Blackbird Mine. Small scale intermittent mining was conducted in the project area from 1908 through
the 1930 s at the Musgrove Mine and at the Smith-Gahan Mine. 

15 

In
the mid-1980 s, alteration and quartz veining was identified located along the ridge north of Musgrove CreekA large block of claims
covering the area was staked by an independent geologist and then leased to Atlas Minerals. Atlas completed an extensive sampling program
and, in 1991, drilled nine reverse circulation holes resulting in the discovery of significant mineralization at the Johny s Point
deposit. 

The
project was acquired by Newmont in 1992 as part of the Grassy Mountain Deposit acquisition. Newmont conducted an extensive exploration
program between 1992 and the fall of 1995 consisting of mapping and rock chip sampling. Twenty-seven core holes were completed consisting
of nine holes in the Johny s Point area and 18 holes testing targets along strike from Johny s Point. Newmont concluded that
the project did not meet the potential for their size criteria and the project was dropped. 

In
1996, Meridian Gold acquired the property and drilled an additional 20 core holes and three reverse circulation drill holes. The property
was subsequently returned to the owner due to declining gold prices. 

In
2003, Wave Exploration leased the property and completed a GIS compilation of the surface and drill hole data. Wave subsequently commissioned
a technical report. In 2004, Wave drilled two confirmation drill holes and two step out holes and completed a soil geochemical program
northwest of Johny s Point. 

In
2005, Wave optioned the property to Journey Resources. In 2006 and 2007, Journey drilled nine reverse circulation drill holes and five
core holes northwest of Johny s Point. 

There
is no documented exploration activity from 2008 until 2018. On September 1, 2018, Journey Resources failed to pay the required claim
payments to the Bureau of Land Management and the claims were forfeited. Subsequently, Northern Panther Resources Corporation located
or acquired new claims covering the project. In 2020, we acquired Northern Panther Resources. In 2020, we contracted with Wright Geophysics
to conduct a ground magnetic geophysical over the current claim block. This survey identified a prominent low magnetic linear feature
that trends from the Musgrove Mine north-northwest for over two miles. 

Geology
and Mineralization 

The
project is located within the Trans-Challis Fault System, a prominent NE-trending fault zone which crosscuts central Idaho and hosts
numerous gold deposits. Host rocks consist of quartzites and phyllites of the Precambrian Apple Creek Fm with minor mineralization within
the Eocene Challis Volcanics. The Musgrove Mine Johny s Point mineral trend is within and adjacent to the Musgrove Fault,
a northwest-trending fault that brings the Challis Volcanics into contact with the Precambrian rocks. This is a major structural zone
that forms the northern edge of the Panther Creek Graben. 

Gold
mineralization occurs within epithermal quartz veins, quartz vein stockworks, and silicified breccia. The mineralization displays the
characteristics of a low sulfidation epithermal gold system. The Musgrove Mine Johny s Point mineral trend has been defined
by a broad soil and rock chip gold and arsenic anomaly that extends a distance 3000 feet and is up to 800 feet wide. Approximately 600
feet of this zone has been drilled with the remainder tested by wide spaced drilling. 

Infrastructure
and Facilities 

The
Challis Gold project does not currently include any significant facilities. The Challis property is located in the Salmon-Challis National
Forest and served by paved and unpaved roads. There are historic workings in the area and there has been recent mining activity in the
area. The site is somewhat remote from grid power and power lines would have to be extended into the area, or onsite power generation
used to support an eventual operation. There is water in the area from both surface and sub-surface sources. The Bear Track operation,
now closed but under renewed exploration, is some 16 miles as the crow flies to the northeast of the property. Historic mining was conducted;
however the facilities have been abandoned decades ago and the nearest habited area is a forest ranger station near Forney some 5-miles
from site. 

Competition 

We
do not compete directly with anyone for the exploration or removal of minerals from our property as we hold all interest and rights to
the claims. Readily available commodities markets exist in the U.S. and around the world for the sale of minerals. Therefore, we will
likely be able to sell minerals that we are able to recover. We will be subject to competition and unforeseen limited sources of supplies
in the industry in the event spot shortages arise for supplies such as explosives or large equipment tires, and certain equipment such
as bulldozers and excavators and services, such as contract drilling that we will need to conduct exploration. If we are unsuccessful
in securing the products, equipment and services we need, we may have to suspend our exploration plans until we are able to secure them. 

Compliance
with Government Regulation 

We
will be required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to the exploration
of minerals in the United States generally. We will also be subject to the regulations of the BLM and the US Forest Service Forest
Service with respect to mining claims on federal lands. 

16 

Future
exploration drilling on any of our properties that consist of BLM or Forest Service land will require us to either file a Notice of Intent
(NOI) or a Plan of Operations, depending upon the amount of new surface disturbance that is planned. A Notice of Intent is required for
planned surface activities that anticipate less than 5.0 acres of surface disturbance, and usually can be obtained within a 30 to 60-day
time period. 

Environmental
Permitting Requirements 

Various
levels of governmental controls and regulations address, among other things, the environmental impact of mineral mining and exploration
operations and establish requirements for reclamation of mineral mining and exploration properties after exploration operations have
ceased. With respect to the regulation of mineral mining and exploration, legislation and regulations in various jurisdictions establish
performance standards, air and water quality emission limits and other design or operational requirements for various aspects of the
operations, including health and safety standards. Legislation and regulations also establish requirements for reclamation and rehabilitation
of mining properties following the cessation of operations and may require that some former mining properties be managed for long periods
of time after mining activities have ceased. 

Our
activities are subject to various levels of federal and state laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment, including
requirements for closure and reclamation of mineral exploration properties. Some of the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act,
the Clean Water Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), the Emergency Planning
and Community Right-to-Know Act, the Endangered Species Act, the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, the National Environmental Policy
Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and related state laws in Nevada. Additionally, much of our property is subject to the
federal General Mining Law of 1872, which regulates how mining claims on federal lands are located and maintained. 

The
State of Nevada, where we focus mineral exploration efforts, requires mining projects to obtain a Nevada State Reclamation Permit pursuant
to the Mined Land Reclamation Act (the Nevada MLR Act ), which establishes reclamation and financial assurance requirements
for all mining operations in the state. New and expanding facilities are required to provide a reclamation plan and financial assurance
to ensure that the reclamation plan is implemented upon completion of operations. The Nevada MLR Act also requires reclamation plans
and permits for exploration projects that will result in more than five acres of surface disturbance on private lands. 

The
State of Wyoming, where we focus mineral exploration and development efforts at the CK Gold Project, requires exploration and mining
projects to obtain permits from the Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality (WDEQ), and various other state agencies. New and expanding
facilities are required to provide a reclamation plan and financial assurance to ensure that the reclamation plan is implemented upon
completion of operations. WDEQ in granting permits requires that reclamation plans and permits are in place and that bonds have been
secured covering the cost of remediation of disturbances on both state and private land. 

Executive
Officers of U.S. Gold Corp. 

Name 

Age 

Principal
 Occupation 
 
 Officer/ 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Eric
 Alexander 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer - Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 2020 

of
 U.S. Gold Corp. 

George
 M. Bee 
 
 65 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director of U.S. Gold Corp. 
 
 2020 
 
 Kevin
 Francis 
 
 63 
 
 Vice
 President Exploration and Technical Services 
 
 2021 

Eric
Alexander is our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and has been with us since September 2020. He has over 30 years of corporate,
operational and business experience, and over 15 years of mining industry experience. Previously he served as Corporate Controller of
Helix Technologies, Inc., a publicly traded software and technology company from April 2019 to September 2020. Prior to that, he served
as the Vice President Finance and Controller of Pershing Gold Corporation, a mining company (formerly NASDAQ: PGLC), from September 2012
until April 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Alexander was the Corporate Controller for Sunshine Silver Mines Corporation, a privately held mining
company with exploration and pre-development properties in Idaho and Mexico, from March 2011 to August 2012. He was a consultant to Hein
 Associates LLP from August 2012 to September 2012 and a Manager with Hein Associates LLP from July 2010 to March 2011. He
served from July 2007 to May 2010 as the Corporate Controller for Golden Minerals Company (and its predecessor, Apex Silver Mines Limited),
a publicly traded mining company with operations and exploration activities in South America and Mexico. In addition to his direct experience
in the mining industry, he has also held the position of Senior Manager with the public accounting firm KPMG LLP, focusing on mining
and energy clients. Mr. Alexander has a B.S. in Business Administration (concentrations in Accounting and Finance) from the State University
of New York at Buffalo and is also a licensed CPA. 

George
M. Bee has been serving as a member of our Board since November 2020 and our Executive Chairman from March 2021 to May 2022. He was
appointed as our President in August 2020 and become Chief Executive Officer in November 2020. Mr. Bee is a senior mining industry executive,
with deep mine development and operational experience. He has an extensive career advancing world-class gold mining projects in eight
countries on three continents for both major and junior mining companies. In 2018, Mr. Bee concluded a third term with Barrick Gold Corporation Barrick Gold (NYSE: GOLD) as Senior VP Frontera District in Chile and Argentina working to advance Pascua Lama feasibility
as an underground mine. This capped a 16-year tenure at Barrick Gold, where he served in multiple senior-level positions, including Mine
Manager at Goldstrike during early development and operations, Operations Manager at Pierina Mine taking Pierina from construction to
operations, and General Manager of Veladero developing the project from advanced exploration through permitting, feasibility and into
production. Previously, Mr. Bee held positions as CEO and Director of Jaguar Mining Inc. between March 2014 and December 2015, President
and CEO of Andina Minerals Inc. from February 2009 until January 2013 and Chief Operating Officer for Aurelian Resources, Inc. from 2007
to 2009. As Chief Operating Officer of Aurelian Resources in 2007, he was in charge of project development for Fruta del Norte in Ecuador
until Aurelian was acquired by Kinross Gold in 2008. Mr. Bee has served on the board of directors of Stillwater Mining Company, Sandspring
Resources Ltd., Jaguar Mining, Peregrine Metals Ltd. and Minera IRL. He received a Bachelor of Science degree from the Camborne School
of Mines in Cornwall, United Kingdom. He also holds ICD.D designation from the Institute of Corporate Directors. 

Kevin
Francis is our Vice President - Exploration and Technical Services and has been with us since July 2021. Mr. Francis has held many
senior roles within the mining industry, including VP of Project Development for Aurcana Corporation, VP of Technical Services for Oracle
Mining Corporation, VP of Resources for NovaGold Resources and Principal Geologist for AMEC Mining and Metals. Most recently, he consulted
to U.S. Gold Corp. as Principal of Mineral Resource Management LLC, a consultancy providing technical leadership to the mining industry,
as well as through his association with Gustavson Associates LLC (a member of WSP Global Inc.) since September 2020. Mr. Francis is a
 qualified person as defined by SEC S-K 1300 and Canadian NI 43-101 reporting standards and holds both an M.S. degree and
a B.A. in geology from the University of Colorado. 

17 

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES 

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately
or prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely
impact the trading price of our common stock and our ability to file registration statements pursuant to registration rights agreements
and other commitments. 

Effective
internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud, we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed,
and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result of our small size, any current internal control deficiencies
may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation and access to capital. As of April 30, 2023, management has concluded
that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective. 

There
is substantial doubt about whether we can continue as a going concern. 

To
date, we have earned no revenues and have incurred accumulated net losses of 65.4 million. We have limited financial resources. As of
April 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 7.8 million and working capital of 8.1 million. Therefore, our continuation as
a going concern is dependent upon our achieving a future financing or strategic transaction. However, there is no assurance that we will
be successful pursuing a financing or strategic transaction. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt as to whether our existing cash
resources and working capital are sufficient to enable us to continue our operations for the next 12 months as a going concern. Ultimately,
in the event that we cannot obtain additional financial resources, or achieve profitable operations, we may have to liquidate our business
interests and investors may lose their investment. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that
our company will continue as a going concern. Continued operations are dependent on our ability to obtain additional financial resources
or generate profitable operations. Such additional financial resources may not be available or may not be available on reasonable terms.
Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Such adjustments
could be material. 

We
have a limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of our business and prospects. 

Since
our inception, we have had no revenue from operations. We have no history of producing metals from any of our exploration properties.
Our properties are exploration stage properties. Advancing properties from the exploration stage requires significant capital and time,
and successful commercial production from a property, if any, will be subject to completing feasibility studies, permitting and construction
of the potential mine, processing plants, roads, and other related works and infrastructure. As a result, we are subject to all of the
risks associated with developing and establishing new mining operations and business enterprises including: 

completion
 of feasibility studies to verify potential mineral reserves and commercial viability, including the ability to find sufficient mineral
 reserves to support a commercial mining operation; 

18 

the
 timing and cost, which can be considerable, of further exploration, preparing feasibility studies, permitting and construction of
 infrastructure, mining and processing facilities; 

the
 availability and costs of drill equipment, exploration personnel, skilled labor and mining and processing equipment, if required; 

the
 availability and cost of appropriate smelting and/or refining arrangements, if required; 

compliance
 with environmental and other governmental approval and permit requirements; 

the
 availability of funds to finance exploration activities, as warranted; 

potential
 opposition from non-governmental organizations, environmental groups, local groups or local inhabitants which may delay or prevent
 exploration activities; 

potential
 increases in exploration, construction and operating costs due to changes in the cost of fuel, power, materials and supplies; 

inability
 to secure fair and reasonable terms associated with mineral leases; and 

potential
 shortages of mineral processing, construction and other facilities-related supplies. 

The
costs, timing and complexities of exploration activities may be increased by the location of our properties and demand by other mineral
exploration and mining companies. It is common in exploration programs to experience unexpected problems and delays during drill programs
and, if ever commenced, development, construction and mine start-up. Accordingly, our activities may not ever result in profitable mining
operations and we may not succeed in establishing mining operations or profitably producing metals at any of our properties. 

We
will require significant additional capital to fund our business plan. 

We
will be required to expend significant funds to continue exploration and if warranted, develop our existing exploration properties and
to identify and acquire additional properties to diversify our properties portfolio. We have spent and will be required to continue to
expend significant amounts of capital for drilling, geological and geochemical analysis, assaying and feasibility studies with regard
to the results of our exploration. We may not benefit from some of these investments if we are unable to identify any commercially exploitable
mineralized material. 

Our
ability to obtain necessary funding for these purposes, in turn, depends upon a number of factors, including the status of the national
and worldwide economy and the price of gold and copper. We may not be successful in obtaining the required financing or, if we can obtain
such financing, such financing may not be on terms that are favorable to us. Failure to obtain such additional financing could result
in delay or indefinite postponement of further exploration operations, development activities and the possible partial or total loss
of our potential interest in our properties. 

19 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We
do not know if our properties contain any gold or other minerals that can be mined at a profit. 

Although
the properties on which we have the right to explore for gold are known to have historic deposits of gold, there can be no assurance
such deposits can be mined at a profit. Whether a gold deposit can be mined at a profit depends upon many factors. Some but not all of
these factors include: the particular attributes of the deposit, such as size, grade and proximity to infrastructure; operating costs
and capital expenditures required to start mining a deposit; the availability and cost of financing; the price of gold, which is highly
volatile and cyclical; and government regulations, including regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land use, importing and
exporting of minerals and environmental protection. 

Most
of our projects are in the exploration stage. 

Although
we have established an estimate of mineral reserves on the CK Gold Project, there are no current estimates of mineral resources or mineral
reserves at the Keystone Property or Challis Gold Project. There is no assurance that we can establish the existence of any mineral reserves
on those projects in commercially exploitable quantities. If we do not establish the existence of mineral reserves or mineral resources
on those projects, we may lose all of the funds that we expend on exploration. 

The
commercial viability of an established mineral deposit will depend on a number of factors including, by way of example, the size, grade
and other attributes of the mineral deposit, the proximity of the mineral deposit to infrastructure such as a smelter, roads and a point
for shipping, government regulation and market prices. Most of these factors will be beyond our control, and any of them could increase
costs and make extraction of any identified mineral deposit unprofitable. 

20 

We
have no history of producing metals from our current mineral properties and there can be no assurance that we will successfully establish
mining operations or profitably produce precious metals. 

We
have no history of producing metals from our properties. We do not produce gold and do not currently generate operating earnings. While
we seek to advance our projects and properties through exploration, such efforts will be subject to all of the risks associated with
establishing new future potential mining operations and business enterprises, including: 

the
 timing and cost, which are considerable, of the construction of mining and processing facilities; 

the
 availability and costs of skilled labor and mining equipment; 

compliance
 with environmental and other governmental approval and permit requirements; 

the
 availability of funds to finance exploration activities; 

potential
 opposition from non-governmental organizations, environmental groups, local groups or local inhabitants that may delay or prevent
 exploration activities; and 

potential
 increases in construction and operating costs due to changes in the cost of labor, fuel, power, materials and supplies. 

It
is common in new mining operations to experience unexpected problems and delays. In addition, our management will need to be expanded.
This could result in delays in the commencement of potential mineral production and increased costs of production. Accordingly, we cannot
assure you that our activities will result in any profitable mining operations or that we will ever successfully establish mining operations. 

We
may not be able to obtain all required permits and licenses to place any of our properties into future potential production. 

Our
current and future operations, including additional exploration activities, require permits from governmental authorities and such operations
are and will be governed by laws and regulations governing prospecting, exploration, taxes, labor standards, occupational health, waste
disposal, toxic substances, land use, environmental protection, mine safety and other matters. Companies engaged in mineral property
exploration generally experience increased costs, and delays in exploration and other schedules as a result of the need to comply with
applicable laws, regulations and permits. We cannot predict if all permits which we may require for continued exploration and development
activities, will be obtainable on reasonable terms, if at all. Costs related to applying for and obtaining permits and licenses may be
prohibitive and could delay our planned exploration activities. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permitting requirements
may result in enforcement actions, including orders issued by regulatory or judicial authorities causing exploration operations to cease
or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional equipment, or remedial
actions. 

Parties
engaged in exploration operations may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of the exploration activities
and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of applicable laws or regulations. Amendments to current laws,
regulations and permits governing operations and activities of exploration companies, or more stringent implementation thereof, could
have a material adverse impact on our operations and cause increases in capital expenditures or production costs or reduction in levels
of exploration activities at our properties or require abandonment or delays in future activities. 

We
are subject to significant governmental regulations, which affect our operations and costs of conducting our business. 

Our
current and future operations are and will be governed by laws and regulations, including: 

laws
 and regulations governing mineral concession acquisition, prospecting, exploration and development and operation; 

laws
 and regulations related to exports, taxes and fees; 

labor
 standards and regulations related to occupational health and mine safety; and 

environmental
 standards and regulations related to waste disposal, toxic substances, land use and environmental protection. 

Companies
engaged in exploration activities often experience increased costs and delays in exploration and other schedules as a result of the need
to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits may result in
enforcement actions, including the forfeiture of mineral claims or other mineral tenures, orders issued by regulatory or judicial authorities
requiring operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional
equipment or costly remedial actions. We may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of our mineral exploration
activities and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of such laws, regulations and permits. Existing and
possible future laws, regulations and permits governing operations and activities of exploration companies, or more stringent implementation,
could have a material adverse impact on our business and cause increases in capital expenditures or require abandonment or delays in
exploration. 

Our
business is subject to extensive environmental regulations that may make exploring, or related activities prohibitively expensive, and
which may change at any time. 

All
of our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations that can substantially delay exploration and make exploration expensive
or prohibit it altogether. We may be subject to potential liabilities associated with the pollution of the environment and the disposal
of waste products that may occur as the result of exploring and other related activities on our properties. We may have to pay to remedy
environmental pollution, which may reduce the amount of money that we have available to use for exploration, or other activities, and
adversely affect our financial position. If we are unable to fully remedy an environmental problem, we might be required to suspend exploration
operations or to enter into interim compliance measures pending the completion of the required remedy. We have not purchased insurance
for potential environmental risks (including potential liability for pollution or other hazards associated with the disposal of waste
products from our exploration activities) and such insurance may not be available to us on reasonable terms or at a reasonable price.
All of our exploration will be subject to regulation under one or more local, state and federal environmental impact analyses and public
review processes. It is possible that future changes in applicable laws, regulations and permits or changes in their enforcement or regulatory
interpretation could have significant impact on some portion of our business, which may require our business to be economically re-evaluated
from time to time. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risk that regulatory authorities may increase bonding requirements
beyond our financial capability. Inasmuch as posting of bonding in accordance with regulatory determinations is a condition to the right
to operate under specific federal and state exploration operating permits, increases in bonding requirements could prevent operations
even if we are in full compliance with all substantive environmental laws. 

21 

Regulations
and pending legislation governing issues involving climate change could result in increased operating costs, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

A
number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to the potential impact
of climate change. Legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could impose significant costs on us, our venture partners
and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting
and other costs to comply with such regulations. Any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability
to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Given the emotion, political significance and uncertainty
around the impact of climate change and how it should be dealt with, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will affect our
financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation, increased awareness and
any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could
harm our reputation. The potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain and would be particular
to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. These may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities,
water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures. These impacts may adversely impact the cost, production and financial
performance of our operations. 

The
values of our properties are subject to volatility in the price of gold and any other deposits we may seek or locate. 

Our
ability to obtain additional and continuing funding, and our profitability in the event we commence future mining operations or sell
the rights to mine, will be significantly affected by changes in the market price of gold. Gold prices fluctuate widely and are affected
by numerous factors, all of which are beyond our control. Some of these factors include the sale or purchase of gold by central banks
and financial institutions; interest rates; currency exchange rates; inflation or deflation; fluctuation in the value of the United States
dollar and other currencies; speculation; global and regional supply and demand, including investment, industrial and jewelry demand;
and the political and economic conditions of major gold or other mineral producing countries throughout the world, such as Russia and
South Africa. The price of gold or other minerals have fluctuated widely in recent years, and a decline in the price of gold could cause
a significant decrease in the value of our properties, limit our ability to raise money, and render continued exploration activities
of our properties impracticable. If that happens, then we could lose our rights to our properties and be compelled to sell some or all
of these rights. Additionally, the future progression of our properties beyond the exploration stage is heavily dependent upon the level
of gold prices remaining sufficiently high to make the continuation of our properties economically viable. A decrease in the price of
gold may adversely affect our financial condition and access to capital and result in a decrease
in our stock price . The greater the decrease in the price of gold, the more likely it is that our stock price will decrease. 

Our
property titles may be challenged, and we are not insured against any challenges, impairments or defects to our mineral claims or property
titles. 

We
cannot guarantee that title to our properties will not be challenged. Title insurance is not available for our mineral properties, and
our ability to ensure that we have obtained secure rights to individual mineral properties or mining concessions may be severely constrained.
Our unpatented Keystone claims were created and maintained in accordance with the federal General Mining Law of 1872. Unpatented claims
are unique U.S. property interests and are generally considered to be subject to greater title risk than other real property interests
because the validity of unpatented claims is often uncertain. This uncertainty arises, in part, out of the complex federal and state
laws and regulations under the General Mining Law. We have obtained a title report on our Keystone claims but cannot be certain that
all defects or conflicts with our title to those claims have been identified. Further, we have not obtained title insurance regarding
our purchase and ownership of the Keystone claims. Defending any challenges to our property titles may be costly and may divert funds
that could otherwise be used for exploration activities and other purposes. We cannot provide any assurances that there are no title
defects affecting our properties. In addition, unpatented claims are always subject to possible challenges by third parties or contests
by the federal government, which, if successful, may prevent us from exploiting our discovery of commercially extractable gold. Challenges
to our title may increase its costs of operation or limit our ability to explore on certain portions of our properties. We are not insured
against challenges, impairments or defects to our property titles, nor do we intend to carry extensive title insurance in the future. 

22 

Market
forces or unforeseen developments may prevent us from obtaining the supplies and equipment necessary to explore for gold and other minerals. 

Gold
exploration, and mineral exploration in general, is a very competitive business. Competitive demands for contractors and unforeseen shortages
of supplies and/or equipment could result in the disruption of our planned exploration activities. Current demand for exploration drilling
services, equipment and supplies is robust and could result in suitable equipment and skilled manpower being unavailable at scheduled
times for our exploration program. The recent inflationary environment has also resulted in a significant increase in costs, including
fuel. If we cannot find the equipment and supplies needed for our various exploration programs, we may have to suspend some or all of
them until equipment, supplies, funds and/or skilled manpower become available. Any such disruption in our activities may adversely affect
our exploration activities and financial condition. 

Joint
ventures and other partnerships may expose us to risks. 

We
may enter into future joint ventures or partnership arrangements with other parties in relation to the exploration, of a certain portion
of the CK Gold, Keystone and Challis Gold Properties in which we have an interest. Joint ventures can often require unanimous approval
of the parties to the joint venture or their representatives for certain fundamental decisions such as an increase or reduction of registered
capital, merger, division, dissolution, amendments of consenting documents, and the pledge of joint venture assets, which means that
each joint venture party may have a veto right with respect to such decisions which could lead to a deadlock in the operations of the
joint venture. Further, we may be unable to exert control over strategic decisions made in respect of such properties. Any failure of
such other companies to meet their obligations to us or to third parties, or any disputes with respect to the parties respective
rights and obligations, could have a material adverse effect on the joint ventures or their properties and therefore could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial performance, cash flows and the price of the Common Shares. 

23 

We
may pursue acquisitions, divestitures, business combinations or other transactions with other companies, involving our properties or
new properties, which could harm our operating results, may disrupt our business and could result in unanticipated accounting charges. 

Acquisitions
of other companies or new properties, divestitures, business combinations or other transactions with other companies may create additional,
material risks for our business that could cause our results to differ materially and adversely from our expected or projected results.
Such risk factors include the effects of possible disruption to the exploration activities and mine planning, loss of value associated
with our properties, mismanagement of project development, additional risk and liability, indemnification obligations, sales of assets
at unfavorable prices, failure to sell non-core assets at all, poor execution of the plans for such transactions, permit requirements,
debt incurred or capital stock issued to enter into such transactions, the impact of any such transactions on our financial results,
negative stakeholder reaction to any such transaction and our ability to successfully integrate an acquired company s operations
with our operations. If the purchase price of any acquired businesses exceeds the current fair values of the net tangible assets of such
acquired businesses, we would be required to record material amounts of goodwill or other intangible assets, which could result in significant
impairment and amortization expense in future periods. These charges, in addition to the results of operations of such acquired businesses
and potential restructuring costs associated with an acquisition, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. We cannot forecast the number, timing or size of future transactions, or the effect that any such transactions
might have on our operating or financial results. Furthermore, potential transactions, whether or not consummated, will divert our management s
attention and may require considerable cash outlays at the expense of our existing operations. In addition, to complete future transactions,
we may issue equity securities, incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or have amortization expenses and write-downs of acquired assets,
which could adversely affect our profitability. 

We
may experience difficulty attracting and retaining qualified management to meet the needs of our anticipated growth, and the failure
to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. In addition, we are dependent
upon our employees being able to safely perform their jobs, including the potential for physical injuries or illness. 

We
are dependent on a relatively small number of key employees, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial
Officer and our Vice President Exploration and Technical Services. The loss of any officer could have an adverse effect on us.
We have no life insurance on any individual, and we may be unable to hire a suitable replacement for them on favorable terms, should
that become necessary. 

Our
success is also dependent on the contributions of highly skilled and experienced consultants and contractors. Our ability to achieve
our operating goals depends upon our ability to retain such consultants and contractors in order to execute on our strategy. There continues
to be competition over highly skilled consultants and contractors in our industry. If we lose key consultants, contractors, or one or
more members of our senior management team, and we fail to develop adequate succession plans, our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows could be harmed. 

Our
business is dependent upon our consultants and contractors being able to safely perform their jobs, including the potential for physical
injuries or illness. If we experience periods where our consultants and contractors are unable to perform their jobs for any reason,
including as a result of illness, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

We
may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 

Our
future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax
rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax
assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items. We are subject
to review or audit by tax authorities. As a result, we may in the future receive assessments in multiple jurisdictions on various tax-related
assertions. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition.
In addition, the determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there could
be situations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome
may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods
for which such determination is made. 

Our
activities may be adversely affected by unforeseeable and unquantifiable health risks, whether those effects are local, nationwide or
global. Matters outside our control may prevent us from executing on our exploration programs, limit travel of Company representatives,
adversely affect the health and welfare of Company personnel or prevent important vendors and contractors from performing normal and
contracted activities. 

The
risks we face related to contagious disease, or policies implemented by governments to protect against the spread of a disease, are unforeseeable
and unquantifiable by us. We, or our people, investors, contractors or stakeholders, may be prevented from free cross-border travel or
normal attendance to activities in conducting Company business at trade shows, presentations, meetings or other activities meant to promote
or execute our business strategy and transactions. We may be prevented from receiving goods or services from contractors. Decisions beyond
our control, such as canceled events, restricted travel, barriers to entry or other factors may affect our ability to accomplish drilling
programs, technical analysis of completed exploration actions, equity raising activities, and other needs that would normally be accomplished
without such limitations. 

We
use a variety of outsourced contractors to execute our exploration programs. Drilling contractors need to be able to access our projects
and ensure social distancing recommended safety standards While our contractors are currently able to access our projects, there can
be no assurances that this access will continue if subsequent waves of the infection or variant strains appear. 

24 

As
an exploration and development company with no revenues, we are reliant on constantly raising additional capital to fund our operations.
A continuation or worsening of the levels of market disruption and volatility seen in the recent past could have an adverse effect on
our ability to access capital, on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and on the market price of our common
stock. There are no assurances we will be able to raise additional capital on favorable terms in the foreseeable future. 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE MINERAL EXPLORATION INDUSTRY 

Exploring
for gold is an inherently speculative business . 

Natural
resource exploration and exploring for gold in particular is a business that by its nature is very speculative. There is a strong possibility
that we will not discover gold or any other resources which can be mined or extracted at a profit. Although we have established the existence
of mineral reserves at the CK Gold Project, we may be unsuccessful in bringing it into production on a profitable basis. Few properties
that are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. Unusual or unexpected geological formations, geological formation pressures,
fires, power outages, labor disruptions, flooding, explosions, cave-ins, landslides and the inability to obtain suitable or adequate
machinery, equipment or labor are just some of the many risks involved in mineral exploration programs and the subsequent expansion of
potential gold deposits. 

Estimates
of mineral reserves and mineral resources are subject to evaluation uncertainties that could result in project failure. 

Our
exploration and future potential mining operations, if any, are and would be faced with risks associated with being able to accurately
predict the quantity and quality of mineral resources or mineral reserves within the earth using statistical sampling techniques. Estimates
of mineral resources or mineral reserves on our properties are made using samples obtained from appropriately placed trenches, test pits
and underground workings and intelligently designed drilling. There is an inherent variability of assays between check and duplicate
samples taken adjacent to each other and between sampling points that cannot be reasonably eliminated. Additionally, there also may be
unknown geologic details that have not been identified or correctly appreciated at the current level of accumulated knowledge about our
properties. This could result in uncertainties that cannot be reasonably eliminated from the process of estimating potential mineral
resources/reserves. If these estimates were to prove to be unreliable, we could implement an exploitation plan that may not lead to any
commercially viable operations in the future. 

25 

We
may be denied the government licenses and permits which we need to explore or mine on our properties. 

Exploration
activities usually require the granting of permits from various governmental agencies. For example, exploration drilling on unpatented
mineral claims requires a permit to be obtained from the United States BLM, which may take several months or longer to grant the requested
permit. Depending on the size, location and scope of the exploration program, additional permits may also be required before exploration
activities can be undertaken. Prehistoric or Native American graveyards, threatened or endangered species, archeological sites or the
possibility thereof, difficult access, excessive dust and important nearby water resources may all result in the need for additional
permits before exploration activities can commence. As with all permitting processes, there is the risk that unexpected delays and excessive
costs may be experienced in obtaining required permits. The needed permits may not be granted at all. Delays in or our inability to obtain
necessary permits will result in unanticipated costs, which may result in serious adverse effects upon our business. 

Possible
amendments to the General Mining Law and other regulations could make it more difficult or impossible for us to execute our business
plan. 

In
recent years, the U.S. Congress has considered a number of proposed amendments to the General Mining Law, as well as legislation that
would make comprehensive changes to the law. Although no such comprehensive legislation has been adopted to date, there can be no assurance
that such legislation will not be adopted in the future. If adopted, such legislation, if it includes concepts that have been part of
previous legislative proposals, could, among other things, (i) limit on the number of millsites that a claimant may use, (ii) impose
time limits on the effectiveness of plans of operation that may not coincide with mine life, (iii) impose more stringent environmental
compliance and reclamation requirements on activities on unpatented mining claims and millsites, (iv) establish a mechanism that would
allow states, localities and Native American tribes to petition for the withdrawal of identified tracts of federal land from the operation
of the General Mining Law, (v) allow for administrative determinations that mining would not be allowed in situations where undue degradation
of the federal lands in question could not be prevented, (vi) impose royalties on gold and other mineral production from unpatented mining
claims or impose fees on production from patented mining claims, and (vii) impose a fee on the amount of material displaced at a mine.
Further, such legislation, if enacted, could have an adverse impact on earnings from our exploration operations, could reduce future
estimates of any reserves we may establish and could curtail our future exploration activity on our unpatented claims. 

Our
ability to conduct exploration, and related activities may also be impacted by administrative actions taken by federal agencies. 

We
may not be able to maintain the infrastructure necessary to conduct exploration and development activities. 

Our
exploration and development activities depend upon adequate infrastructure. Reliable roads, bridges, power sources and water supply are
important factors which affect capital and operating costs. Climate change or unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, government
or other interference in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect our exploration activities and financial
condition. 

We
compete against larger and more experienced companies. 

The
mining industry is intensely competitive. Many large mining companies are primarily producers of precious or base metals and may become
interested in the types of deposits and exploration projects on which we are focused, which include gold, silver and other precious metals
deposits or polymetallic deposits containing significant quantities of base metals, including copper. Many of these companies have greater
financial resources, experience and technical capabilities than we do. We may encounter increasing competition from other mining companies
in our efforts to acquire mineral properties and hire experienced mining professionals. Increased competition in our business could adversely
affect our ability to attract necessary capital funding or acquire suitable mining properties or prospects for mineral exploration in
the future. 

We
rely on contractors to conduct a significant portion of our exploration operations. 

A
significant portion of our exploration operations are currently conducted in whole or in part by contractors. As a result, our exploration
operations are subject to a number of risks, some of which are outside our control, including: 

negotiating
 agreements with contractors on acceptable terms; 

the
 inability to replace a contractor and its operating equipment in the event that either party terminates the agreement; 

reduced
 control over those aspects of operations which are the responsibility of the contractor; 

failure
 of a contractor to perform under its agreement; 

interruption
 of exploration operations or increased costs in the event that a contractor ceases its business due to insolvency or other unforeseen
 events; 

failure
 of a contractor to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, to the extent it is responsible for such compliance;
 and 

problems
 of a contractor with managing its workforce, labor unrest or other employment issues. 

In
addition, we may incur liability to third parties as a result of the actions of our contractors. The occurrence of one or more of these
risks could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

Our
exploration activities may be adversely affected by the local climate or seismic events, which could prevent us from gaining access to
our property year-round. 

Earthquakes,
heavy rains, snowstorms, wildfires and floods could result in serious damage to or the destruction of facilities, equipment or means
of access to our property, or may otherwise prevent us from conducting exploration activities on our property. There may be short periods
of time when the unpaved portion of the access road is impassible in the event of extreme weather conditions or unusually muddy conditions.
During these periods, it may be difficult or impossible for us to access our property, make repairs, or otherwise conduct exploration
activities on them. 

We
may be unable to secure surface access or to purchase required surface rights. 

Although
we acquire the rights to some or all of the minerals in the ground subject to the mineral tenures that it acquires, or has a right to
acquire, in most cases it does not thereby acquire any rights to, or ownership of, the surface to the areas covered by such mineral tenures.
In such cases, applicable mining laws usually provide for rights of access to the surface for the purpose of carrying on exploration
activities, however, the enforcement of such rights through the courts can be costly and time consuming. It is necessary to negotiate
surface access or to purchase the surface rights if long-term access is required. There can be no guarantee that, despite having the
right at law to access the surface and carry on exploration activities, we will be able to negotiate satisfactory agreements with any
such existing landowners/occupiers for such access or purchase of such surface rights, and therefore we may be unable to carry out planned
exploration activities. In addition, in circumstances where such access is denied, or no agreement can be reached, we may need to rely
on the assistance of local officials or the courts in such jurisdiction the outcomes of which cannot be predicted with any certainty.
Our inability to secure surface access or purchase required surface rights could materially and adversely affect our timing, cost or
overall ability to develop any potential mineral deposits we may locate. 

26 

RISKS
RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 

Our
stock price may be volatile. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors,
many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

results
 of our operations and exploration efforts; 

fluctuation
 in the supply of, demand and market price for gold and copper; 

our
 ability to obtain working capital financing; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

limited
 public float in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative
 pricing pressure on the market price for our common stock; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

sales
 of our common stock and decline in demand for our common stock; 

regulatory
 developments; 

economic
 and other external factors; 

investor
 perception of our industry or our prospects; and 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our financial results. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. As a result, you may be unable to resell your shares of our common stock at a desired price. 

Volatility
in the price of our common stock may subject us to securities litigation. 

As
discussed above, the market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers,
and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs
have initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities.
We may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and
could divert management s attention and resources. 

There
is currently a limited trading market for our common stock and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained. 

Although
our common stock is currently quoted on NASDAQ, there is limited trading activity. We can give no assurance that an active market will
develop, or if developed, that it will be sustained. If an investor acquires shares of our common stock, the investor may not be able
to liquidate our shares should there be a need or desire to do so. There can be no assurance that there will be an active market for
our shares of common stock either now or in the future. The market liquidity of our common stock is limited and may be dependent on the
market perception of our business, among other things. We may, in the future, take certain steps, including utilizing investor awareness
campaigns, press releases, road shows and conferences to increase awareness of our business and any steps that we might take to bring
us to the awareness of investors may require we compensate consultants with cash and/or stock. There can be no assurance that there will
be any awareness generated or the results of any efforts will result in any impact on our trading volume. Consequently, investors may
not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business and trading may be at an
inflated price relative to our performance due to, among other things, availability of sellers of our shares. If a market should develop,
the price may be highly volatile. Because there may be a low price for our shares of common stock, many brokerage firms or clearing firms
may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities or accept our shares for deposit in an account. Even if an investor finds
a broker willing to effect a transaction in the shares of our common stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees,
taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of
low-priced shares of common stock as collateral for any loans. 

Sales,
offers or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of the common stock, or the availability of such securities for sale, could adversely affect the prevailing market
prices for the common stock. A decline in the market prices of the common stock could impair our ability to raise additional capital
through the sale of securities should we desire to do so. In addition, if our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock
in the public market or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period, under Rule 144, or upon the exercise of outstanding options
or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang in anticipation of which the market price
of our common stock could decline. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make
it more difficult for us to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time
and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

27 

Our
issuance of additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into common stock in exchange for services would dilute the proportionate
ownership and voting rights of existing stockholders and could have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock. 

Our
board of directors may generally issue shares of common stock or securities convertible into common stock without further approval by
our stockholders, based upon such factors that our board of directors may deem relevant at that time. We have also issued securities
as payment for services. It is possible that we will issue additional securities to pay for services in the future. We cannot give you
any assurance that we will not issue additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into common stock under circumstances
we may deem appropriate at the time. 

Our
articles of incorporation allow for our Board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which
could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors
also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval. As a result, our board of directors could authorize
the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right
to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of our common stock and the right to the redemption of the
shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors could authorize the
issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock,
which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Anti-takeover
provisions may impede the acquisition of our Company. 

Certain
provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes have anti-takeover effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination.
These provisions are intended to encourage any person interested in acquiring us to negotiate with, and to obtain the approval of, our
board of directors in connection with such a transaction. However, certain of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of
us, including an acquisition in which the stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. As a result, stockholders
who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have the opportunity to do so. 

28 

The
Company does not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
anticipate that we will retain any future earnings to support operations and to finance the development of our business and do not expect
to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend entirely upon
any future appreciation in its value. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price
at which stockholders have purchased their shares. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. We have relatively little research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no additional industry analysts
commence coverage of the Company, the trading price for our common stock could be negatively impacted. If one or more of the analysts
who cover us downgrades our common stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock
could decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 

We
may not meet the continued listing requirements of the NASDAQ, which could result in a delisting of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ. We have in the past, and may in the future, be unable to comply with certain of the listing standards
that we are required to meet to maintain the listing of our common shares on the NASDAQ. For instance, on November 7, 2019, we received
a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the NASDAQ Stock Market indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of our
common stock for the 30 consecutive business day period between September 26, 2019, through November 6, 2019, we did not meet the minimum
bid price of 1.00 per share required for continued listing on the NASDAQ pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). On April 3, 2020,
we received notice from the NASDAQ indicating that we have regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement under NASDAQ Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2), and the matter is now closed. 

If
NASDAQ delists our common stock from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, we and our stockholders could
face significant material adverse consequences including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a
 determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere
 to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common
 stock; 

a
 limited amount of analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Delisting
could also have other negative results, including the potential loss of confidence by employees, the loss of institutional investor interest
and fewer business development opportunities. 

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

Item
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time we may be involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. To our knowledge, there are
no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject. 

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Pursuant
to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act, issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other
mine in the United States are required to disclose specified information about mine health and safety in their periodic reports. These
reporting requirements are based on the safety and health requirements applicable to mines under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act
of 1977 (the Mine Act which is administered by the U.S. Department of Labor s Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ). During the twelve months period ended April 30, 2023, we and our properties or operations were not subject to regulation
by MSHA under the Mine Act and thus no disclosure is required under Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act. 

29 

PART
II 

Item
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol USAU . 

Holders
of Common Stock 

On
July 28, 2023, we had 91 registered holders of record of our common stock, which number does not reflect beneficial stockholders who
hold their stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms. On July 28, 2023, the closing sales
price of our common stock as reported on NASDAQ Capital Market was 4.31 per share. 

Dividends
and dividend policy 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on shares of its common stock in the foreseeable future as the Board of Directors intends to retain
future earnings for use in our business. Any future determination as of the payment of dividends on our common stock will depend upon
our financial condition, results of operations and such other factors as the Board of Directors seems relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

There
were no sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 that were not previously reported on a Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. None of the transactions involved any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions. 

Item
6. [RESERVED]. 

Item
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

U.S.
Gold Corp., formerly known as Dataram Corporation (the Company ), was originally incorporated in the State of New Jersey
in 1967 and was subsequently re-incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada in 2016. Effective June 26, 2017, the Company changed
its legal name to U.S. Gold Corp. from Dataram Corporation. On May 23, 2017, the Company merged with Gold King Corp. Gold King ),
in a transaction treated as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization, and the business of Gold King became the business of the Company.
We are a gold and precious metals exploration company pursuing exploration and development properties. We own certain mining leases and
other mineral rights comprising the CK Gold Project in Wyoming, the Keystone Project in Nevada and the Challis Gold Project in Idaho.
We have established an estimate of proven and probable mineral reserves under S-K 1300 at our CK Gold Project, where we are conducting
exploration and pre-development activities, and all of our activities on our other properties are exploratory in nature. 

Summary
of Activities for the Year ended April 30, 2023 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023, we focused primarily on advancing our CK Gold Project in Wyoming with the submittal of two major permits;
our permit to mine application and reclamation plan filed on September 13, 2022 and an Industrial Siting permit for the construction
and operation of the proposed CK Gold project, agreement with the Wyoming Office of State Lands and Investments on a reduced royalty
rate, and continued engineering studies towards the completion of a feasibility study. Additional exploration and geologic investigations
were undertaken, enhancing our understanding of the Keystone Project deposit in Nevada, the sale of our interest in the Maggie Creek
Project in Nevada, and analyzed the historic geological data on the Challis Gold Project in Idaho. Management focused on investor relations
and awareness, resulting in the completion of an equity financing in April 2023. 

30 

An
overview of certain significant events follows: 

CK
Gold Project, Wyoming 

On
 June 21, 2022, we announced an update on the status of our preparations to file mine construction and operating permits within the
 next few months for consideration by the State of Wyoming authorities, principally the Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality (WDEQ) and the Office of State Lands and Investments. 

On
 July 12, 2022, we announced assay results of the last three holes from our 2021 field season which continues to confirm gold and
 copper mineralization beyond our current resource estimate. In addition, we hosted Dr. Richard Sillitoe on site at our CK Gold Project.
 Dr. Sillitoe confirmed previous geological examinations which theorized that the copper and gold mineralization was derived from
 a porphyritic granodiorite intrusion. 

On
 September 9, 2022, we submitted an application for a Permit to Mine and the Mine Reclamation Plan to the WDEQ for our CK Gold project. Additionally, on September 13, 2022, we submitted an internal electronic transfer
 of the information supporting the application to WDEQ. 

On
 November 16, 2022, we received notification from WDEQ that they had successfully performed the requisite completeness review of our
 application submission. Accordingly, the steps of public notice and WDEQ s technical review will commence. 

On
 February 21, 2023, we submitted our Industrial Siting Permit with the Industrial Siting Division ISD of the WDEQ.
 On May 10, 2023, we had a hearing with the ISD and on June 20, 2023, we received notification from the ISD that an Industrial Siting
 Permit was granted to us for the construction and operation of the proposed facility. 

In
 February 2023, we executed a Water Development and Purchase Agreement with the Cheyenne Board of Public Utilities securing a firm
 supply of up to 600 gallons per minute of water for the life of the CK Gold project. 

On
 April 6, 2023, the Board of the Wyoming Office of State Lands and Investments OSLI approved a reduction in the royalty
 rate for our CK Gold Project to a fixed 2.1 of net receipts. 

Keystone
Project, Cortez Trend, Nevada 

We
 continue systematic exploration investigations at our highly prospective Keystone Project
 looking for potential drill targets. We conducted a hyperspectral survey on the property
 identifying evidence of potential mineralization. Numerous anomalies often associated with
 mineralization were identified. Field investigation of the anomalies will commence during
 the 2023 field season. 

Maggie
Creek Project, Carlin Trend, Nevada 

On
 November 9, 2022, we assigned our interest in the Exploration Earn-in Agreement for the Maggie Creek property to NGM and received
 2.75 million in cash from NGM, plus we have the potential to retain a 0.5 Net Smelter Returns royalty on the Maggie Creek property
 if certain conditions are met. 

Challis
Gold Project, Idaho 

We
 continue towards the completion of a Plan of Operations as the next phase of exploration. 

31 

Sales
of Common Shares to raise a total of 5.0 million in cash 

On
April 10, 2023, we completed a registered direct offering with a single institutional investor for the issuance of 870,000 shares of
common stock at a price of 5.75 per share and warrants (the April 2023 Warrants to purchase 870,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 6.16 per share (the April 2023 Registered Offering ). The April 2023 Warrants are
exercisable six months following issuance and will expire five years from the initial exercise date. The aggregate gross proceeds of
the April 2023 Registered Offering was approximately 5.0 million. 

In
connection with the April 2023 Registered Offering, we agreed to amend, effective as of the closing of the April 2023 Registered Offering,
certain existing warrants to purchase up to 625,000 shares of the Company at an exercise price of 8.60 per share and a termination date
of September 18, 2027, so that the amended warrants will have a reduced exercise price of 6.16 per share and a termination date of October
10, 2028. 

Shareholder
Meeting, Appointment of Directors and Corporate Matters 

On November 22, 2022, Ryan Zinke notified us of his intent to resign from our Board effective December 31, 2022 (the Effective Date ). Mr. Zinke was re-elected to our Board at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on December 16, 2022 and served as a director until the Effective Date. Following the Effective Date, our board is comprised of five members. 

On December 16, 2022, we held our annual meeting of stockholders. At that meeting, among other matters, shareholders re-elected the six incumbent Directors to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are named and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal and approved our audit firm for our fiscal year-ended April 30, 2023. 

Results
of Operations 

The
years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Net
Revenues 

We
are a development stage company with no operations, and we generated no revenues for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Operating
Expenses 

Total
operating expenses for the year ended April 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended April 30, 2022, were approximately 9,401,000 and
 14,952,000, respectively. The approximate 5,551,000 decrease in operating expenses for the year ended April 30, 2023 as compared to
the year ended April 30, 2022, is comprised of (i) a decrease in compensation of approximately 494,000 primarily due to a decrease in
cash compensation of 293,000 and a decrease in stock-based compensation from RSUs and stock option grants to our officers and employees
as compared to prior period of 200,000 (ii) a decrease of approximately 5,426,000 in exploration expenses on our mineral properties
due to a decrease in exploration activities on our CK Gold property and also at the Maggie Creek property, (iii) an increase in professional
and consulting fees of approximately 32,000 primarily due to increases in general strategic and permitting consulting services of 135,000,
an increase in legal fees of 154,000, and an increase in accounting fees of 105,000, offset by decreases in director fees of 8,000,
investor relation fees of 31,000 and stock-based consulting fees of 324,000 and (iv) an increase in general and administrative expenses
of approximately 337,000 due primarily to increases related to advertising expenses, conference expenses, option expense, research and
development expenses, permit fees, and travel expenses. 

Loss
from Operations 

We
reported loss from operations of approximately 9,401,000 and 14,952,000 for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Other
Income 

We
reported other income of approximately 1,786,000 and 1,021,000 for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We reported
a decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability of approximately 1,560,000 and 1,212,000 for the years ended April 30, 2023 and
2022, respectively. We reported an increase in change in fair value due to modification of warrants of approximately 263,000 for the
year ended April 30, 2023. 

We
also reported a gain from sale of asset of 763,393 for the year ended April 30, 2023 related to the sale of our Maggie Creek asset on
November 9, 2022. 

Net
Loss 

We
reported a net loss of approximately 7,614,000 and 13,931,000 for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

32 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table summarizes total current assets, liabilities and working capital at April 30, 2023 compared to April 30, 2022, and the
changes between those periods: 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 
 Increase (decrease) 
 
 Current Assets 
 8,433,070 
 9,899,414 
 (1,466,344 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 378,798 
 1,136,035 
 (757,237 
 
 Working Capital 
 8,054,272 
 8,763,379 
 (709,107 

As
of April 30, 2023, we had working capital of 8,054,272, as compared to working capital of 8,763,379 as of April 30, 2022, a decrease
of 709,107. 

We
are obligated to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules subsequently
implemented by the Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board have imposed various requirements on public companies,
including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. We expect to spend between 175,000 and 250,000 in legal and accounting
expenses annually to comply with our reporting obligations and Sarbanes-Oxley. These costs could affect profitability and our results
of operations. 

Our
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting in accordance with U.S.
GAAP and have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, we incurred net losses in
the amounts of approximately 7,600,000 and 13,900,000, respectively. For the year ended April 30, 2023, cash used in operating
activities was approximately 8,700,000. As of April 30, 2023, we had cash of approximately 7,800,000, working capital of
approximately 8,100,000, and an accumulated deficit of approximately 66,000,000. Our primary source of operating funds since
inception has been equity financings. As of April 30, 2023, we may have sufficient cash to fund our corporate activities and general
and administrative costs and currently undertaken project activities related to permitting and engineering studies over the next
twelve months. However, in order to advance any of our projects past the aforementioned objectives, we do not have sufficient cash
and will need to raise additional funds. These matters raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for
the twelve months following the issuance of these financial statements. 

We
have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently
expect. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including potential acquisitions, changes in exploration programs
and related studies and other operating strategies. To the extent we require additional funding, we cannot be certain that additional
funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. To the extent we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders
may experience significant dilution. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants that impact our ability to conduct
business. If unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to delay, scale back or discontinue
the exploration activities or programs. 

Cash
Used in Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities totaled 8,690,766 and 12,575,412 for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Net cash
used in operating activities during the year ended April 30, 2023 decreased primarily due to net changes of approximately 806,000 in
operating assets and liabilities which is primarily due to a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately 729,000
as compared to the year ended April 30, 2022, the decrease in fair value of the warrant liability of approximately 1,560,000 and gain
from sale of asset of 763,000. Additionally, we expensed approximately 1,675,000 in total stock-based compensation for shares, RSUs,
stock options issued to officers, employee, and consultants during the year ended April 30, 2023 as compared to approximately 2,200,000
for the year ended April 30, 2022. 

33 

Cash
Used in Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 2,572,487 primarily from proceeds received from the sale of Maggie Creek of 2,750,000 related
to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated on November 9, 2022 offset by 177,513 primarily for the purchase of property and equipment
for the year ended April 30, 2023 as compared to approximately 178,972 primarily for purchase of property and equipment for the year
ended April 30, 2022. 

Cash
Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities totaled 4,829,697 for the year ended April 30, 2023 primarily due to the sale of our common stock
and warrants for approximately 4,800,000 in April 2023, net of offering costs. Net cash provided by financing activities totaled approximately
 8,220,491 for the year ended April 30, 2022 primarily due to the sale of our common stock and warrants for approximately 7,200,000
in February 2022 and March 2022, net of offering costs and proceeds received from the exercise of warrants of approximately 1,000,000
million. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of April 30, 2023, we did not have, and do not have any present plans to implement, any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of recently issued accounting
pronouncements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Management
believes the following critical accounting policies affect the significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the financial
statements. 

Use
of Estimates and Assumptions 

In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated balance sheet, and revenues and expenses for the period then ended. Actual
results may differ significantly from those estimates. Significant estimates made by management include, but are not limited to, valuation
of mineral rights, stock-based compensation, the fair value of common, valuation of warrant liability, asset retirement
obligations and the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

Share-based
compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ),
which requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award
of equity instruments over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively,
the vesting period). ASC 718 also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award
based on the grant-date fair value of the award. 

Mineral
Rights 

Costs
of leasing, exploring, carrying and retaining unproven mineral lease properties are expensed as incurred. The Company expenses all mineral
exploration costs as incurred. Where the Company has identified proven and probable mineral reserves on any of its properties, development
costs will be capitalized when all the following criteria have been met, a) the Company receives the requisite operating permits, b)
completion of a favorable Feasibility Study and c) approval from the Board of director s authorizing the development of the ore
body. Until such time all these criteria have been met the Company records pre-development costs to expense as incurred. 

34 

When
a property reaches the production stage, the related capitalized costs will be amortized on a units-of-production basis over the proven
and probable reserves following the commencement of production. The Company assesses the carrying costs of the capitalized mineral properties
for impairment under ASC 360-10, Impairment of Long-Lived Assets , and evaluates its carrying value under ASC 930-360, Extractive
Activities Mining , annually. An impairment is recognized when the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is
less than the carrying amount of the mineral properties. Impairment losses, if any, are measured as the excess of the carrying amount
of the mineral properties over its estimated fair value. 

To
date, the Company has expensed all exploration and pre-development costs as none of its properties have satisfied the criteria above
for capitalization. 

ASC
930-805, Extractive Activities Mining: Business Combinations ASC 930-805 ), states that mineral rights
consist of the legal right to explore, extract, and retain at least a portion of the benefits from mineral deposits. Mining assets include
mineral rights. 

Acquired
mineral rights are considered tangible assets under ASC 930-805. ASC 930-805 requires that mineral rights be recognized at fair value
as of the acquisition date. As a result, the direct costs to acquire mineral rights are initially capitalized as tangible assets. Mineral
rights include costs associated with acquiring patented and unpatented mining claims. 

ASC
930-805 provides that in measuring the fair value of mineral assets, an acquirer should take into account both: 

The value beyond proven and probable reserves VBPP to the extent that a market participant would include VBPP in determining the fair value of the assets. 

The effects of anticipated fluctuations in the future market
price of minerals in a manner that is consistent with the expectations of market participants. 

Leases
to explore for or use of natural resources are outside the scope of ASU 2016-02, Leases . 

Warrant
Liability 

The
Company accounts for the warrants issued in March 2022 and April 2023, in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815 Derivatives
and Hedging whereby under that provision these warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as
a liability. Accordingly, the Company classifies these warrant instruments as a liability at fair value and adjusts the instruments to
fair value at each reporting period. This liability is re-measured at each balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised or expire,
and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The fair value of these warrants are
estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Such warrant classification is also subject to re-evaluation at each reporting period. 

Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

35 

Item
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Index
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity - Years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

36 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 U.S.
Gold Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of U.S. Gold Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of April
30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of
the two years in the period ended April 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April
30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended April 30, 2023,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 3, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise
additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2016 through 2018 and subsequently reappointed as the Company s auditor in 2019. 

July
31, 2023 

F- 1 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2023 
 2022 

April 30, 

2023 
 2022 

(Revised) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

NON - CURRENT ASSETS: 

Property, net 

Reclamation bond deposit 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Mineral rights 

Total non - current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

LONG- TERM LIABILITIES 

Warrant liability 

Asset retirement obligation 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 
 - 

Deferred tax laibility 

Total long-term liabilities: 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY : 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock 
 Par Value; Shares Authorized;
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and 2022) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year 
 For the Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 

Net revenues 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Compensation and related taxes - general and administrative 

Exploration costs 

Professional and consulting fees 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Gain from sale of asset 
 
 - 
 
 Interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Offering cost related to warrant liability 

Change in fair value due to modification of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Total other income 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 AND 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 

Deficit 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

0.001 Par Value 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 

Deficit 
 Equity 

(Revised) 
 (Revised) 

Balance, April 30, 2021 

Issuance of common stock and warrants, net of issuance cost 

- 

Issuance of common stock for exercise of warrants 

- 

Issuance of common stock for prepaid services and accrued services 

- 

Issuance of common stock for services 

- 

Stock options granted for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation in connection with restricted common stock award grants and restricted common stock unit grants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, April 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance cost 

- 

Issuance of common stock for prepaid services and accrued services 

- 

Issuance of common stock for services 

- 

Issuance of common stock for vested restricted stock unit 

- 
 - 

Stock options granted for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation in connection with restricted common stock award grants and restricted common
 stock unit grants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, April 30, 2023 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year 
 For the Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Accretion 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Stock based compensation 

Amortization of prepaid stock based expenses 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value due to modification of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Gain from sale of asset 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Reclamation bond deposit 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of asset 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 

Issuance of common stock for exercise of warrants 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET DECREASE IN CASH 

CASH - beginning of year 

CASH - end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of common stock for accrued services 

Issuance of common stock for prepaid services 

Operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability recorded upon adoption of ASC 842 
 - 

Operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability recorded upon lease modification 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in asset retirement cost and obligation 
 - 

Initial valuation of warrant liability 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Total Stockholders Equity 

The
effect of this revision on the line items within the Company s consolidated balance sheet and statements of changes in
stockholders equity as of April 30, 2022, was as follows: 

April 30, 2022 As Previously Reported 
 Revision 
 As Revised 
 
 Deferred Tax Liability 
 - 

Total Long-term Liability 

Total Liabilities 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

These
inputs are prioritized below: 

Level
 1: 
 Observable
 inputs such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level
 2: 
 Observable
 market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 
 
 Level
 3: 
 Unobservable
 inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the use of the reporting entity s own assumptions. 

The
Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under the Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB accounting standard for such instruments. Under this standard, financial assets and liabilities are classified in
their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The
Company s warrant liability for warrants issued in the definitive agreements (see Note 9) was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation
model using Level 3 inputs. 

. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institutions, the Company evaluates, at least annually, the
rating of the financial institutions in which it holds deposits. At April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had bank balances exceeding
the FDIC insurance limit on interest bearing accounts. 

and at April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, consist primarily of costs paid
for future services which will occur within a year. Prepaid expenses principally include prepayments in cash and equity instruments for
consulting, public relations, business advisory services, insurance premiums, mining claim fees, easement fees, options fees, and mineral
lease fees which are being amortized over the terms of their respective agreements. 

. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

When
a property reaches the production stage, the related capitalized costs will be amortized on a units-of-production basis over the proven
and probable reserves following the commencement of production. The Company assesses the carrying costs of the capitalized mineral properties
for impairment under ASC 360-10, Impairment of Long-Lived Assets , and evaluates its carrying value under ASC 930-360, Extractive
Activities Mining , annually. An impairment is recognized when the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is
less than the carrying amount of the mineral properties. Impairment losses, if any, are measured as the excess of the carrying amount
of the mineral properties over its estimated fair value. 

To
date, the Company has expensed all exploration and pre-development costs as none of its properties have satisfied the criteria above
for capitalization. 

ASC
930-805, Extractive Activities Mining: Business Combinations ASC 930-805 ), states that mineral rights
consist of the legal right to explore, extract, and retain at least a portion of the benefits from mineral deposits. Mining assets include
mineral rights. 

Acquired
mineral rights are considered tangible assets under ASC 930-805. ASC 930-805 requires that mineral rights be recognized at fair value
as of the acquisition date. As a result, the direct costs to acquire mineral rights are initially capitalized as tangible assets. Mineral
rights include costs associated with acquiring patented and unpatented mining claims. 

ASC
930-805 provides that in measuring the fair value of mineral assets, an acquirer should take into account both: 

The value beyond proven and probable reserves VBPP to the extent that a market participant would include VBPP in determining
the fair value of the assets. 

The effects of anticipated fluctuations in the future market price of minerals in a manner that is consistent with the expectations of
market participants. 

Leases
to explore for or use of natural resources are outside the scope of ASC 842, Leases . 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

The
Company assessed the classification of its outstanding common stock purchase warrants as of the date of issuance and determined that
such instruments, except for the warrants discussed under Warrant Liability below, met the criteria for equity classification under the
guidance in ASU 2017-11 Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); Derivatives and Hedging
(Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Feature . The Company has no outstanding warrants
that contain a down round feature under Topic 815 of ASU 2017-11. 

warrants and warrants issued in March 2022 and April 2023, respectively, in accordance with
the guidance contained in ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging whereby under that provision these warrants do not meet the criteria
for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability (see Note 9). Accordingly, the Company classifies these warrant instruments
as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is re-measured at each
balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s
statement of operations. The fair value of these warrants are estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Such warrant classification
is also subject to re-evaluation at each reporting period. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

In
June 2022, FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) ASU 2022-03 ). The amendments in ASU 2022-03 clarify
that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security
and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The amendments also clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account,
recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. The amendments in this Update also require additional disclosures for equity securities
subject to contractual sale restrictions. The provisions in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this ASU. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard
to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

On
January 1, 2023, the Company adopted FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) ASU
2016-13 ), which requires the immediate recognition of management s estimates of current and expected credit losses. Adoption
of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

million, working capital of
approximately million
which consists primarily of cash and an accumulated deficit of approximately 
million. The Company had a net loss and cash used in operating activities of approximately 
million and 
million, respectively, for the year ended April 30, 2023. As a result of the utilization of cash in its operating activities, and
the development of its assets, the Company has incurred losses since it commenced operations. The Company s primary source of
operating funds since inception has been equity financings. As noted in Note 10, in April 2023, the Company completed a registered
offering which raised total gross proceeds of approximately 
million before deducting fees and other estimated offering expenses. As of the date of filing the annual report for the year ended
April 30, 2023, the Company may have sufficient cash to fund its corporate activities and general and administrative costs and
currently undertaken project activities related to permitting and engineering studies. However, in order to advance any of its
projects past the aforementioned objectives the Company does not have sufficient cash and will need to raise additional funds. These
matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months following the
issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or
the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

square miles located in the Silver Crown Mining District of southeast Wyoming. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Keystone
Project 

The
Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, U.S. Gold Acquisition Corporation, acquired the mining claims comprising the Keystone
Project. The Keystone Project consists of 601 unpatented lode mining claims situated
in Eureka County, Nevada. 

Some
of the Keystone Project claims are subject to pre-existing net smelter royalty NSR obligations. 

Maggie
Creek Project 

On
September 10, 2019, the Company, NumberCo and the NumberCo Shareholders, entered into the Share Exchange Agreement, pursuant to
which, among other things, the Company agreed to issue to the NumberCo Shareholders 
shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding shares of NumberCo, with NumberCo
becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Consequently, the Company acquired a certain option agreement for the exclusive
right and option to earn-in and acquire up to 50 undivided interest in a property called Maggie Creek, located in Eureka County, Nevada 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement with and among Orevada Metals, Inc., the Company s indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary Orevada ), Nevada Gold Mines
LLC NGM ), Orogen Royalties Inc. Orogen and Renaissance Exploration, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Orogen RenEx whereby Orevada assigned its interest in that certain Exploration Earn-In Agreement with RenEx, dated February
19, 2019 (the Original Earn-In Agreement ), to NGM. Pursuant to the Original Earn-In Agreement, Orevada, by making certain
payments and incurring certain exploration expenditures, had the right to earn at least a interest and up to a interest in the
Maggie Creek Property, owned by RenEx, in Eureka County, Nevada. Simultaneous with this assignment, NGM and RenEx entered into an Amended
and Restated Exploration Earn-In Agreement, pursuant to which NGM can earn a interest in the Maggie Creek Property (the NGM
Option ). 

As
consideration for the assignment of the Original Earn-In Agreement to NGM, U.S. Gold received an upfront cash payment of from
NGM, and NGM agreed that if it exercises the NGM Option and acquires the Maggie Creek Property, it will grant to U.S. Gold a Net
Smelter Returns royalty on all gold and other recovered and saleable minerals from the Maggie Creek Property (the U.S. Gold Royalty ),
pursuant to a separate royalty agreement (the U.S. Gold Royalty Agreement between NGM and the Company, the terms of which
have been fully agreed as part of this assignment. Under the U.S. Gold Royalty Agreement, NGM will have the right to buy back one-half
of the U.S. Gold Royalty (reducing the royalty to of Net Smelter Returns) for a fixed price of . In addition, the U.S.
Gold Royalty Agreement will provide that the Company waives the first of production royalty payments owed to it, regardless
of whether NGM exercises its buy-back rights. Under the U.S. Gold Royalty Agreement, NGM will also have a right of first refusal to purchase
the U.S. Gold Royalty if the Company decides to sell that royalty. Under the U.S. Gold Royalty Agreement, NGM will also have a right
of first refusal to purchase the U.S. Gold Royalty if the Company decides to sell that royalty. Accordingly, the Company recognized gain
from sale of asset of during the year ended April 30, 2023 as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
in connection with the Assignment and Assumption Agreement. 

Northern
Panther Merger Agreement 

On
August 10, 2020, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with Acquisition Corp., NPRC and the Stockholder Representative named
therein, pursuant to which Acquisition Corp. merged with and into NPRC, with NPRC surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Consequently, the Company acquired mineral rights on a gold exploration project in Idaho called the Challis Gold project. The Challis
Gold project contains 77 unpatented lode mining claims in Lemhi County, Idaho covering approximately acres. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Keystone Project 

Maggie Creek Project 
 - 

Challis Gold Project 

Total 

Land 

Computer equipment 

Vehicle 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total 

For
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, depreciation expense amounted to and , respectively. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Addition and changes in estimates 
 - 

Accretion expense 

Balance, end of year 

For
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, accretion expense amounted to and , respectively. 

. The Company has an option to renew the lease for an additional
 beyond the primary term. The Company typically excludes options to extend the lease in a lease term unless it is reasonably
certain that the Company will exercise the option and when doing so is in the Company s sole discretion. The base rent is subject
to an annual increase as defined in the lease agreement. In addition to the monthly base rent, the Company is charged separately for
common area maintenance which is considered a non-lease component. These non-lease component payments are expensed as incurred and are
not included in operating lease assets or liabilities. . The monthly base rent will be . The Company accounted for the lease extension as a lease modification under ASC
842. On January 30, 2023, the effective date of modification, the Company recorded an adjustment to the right-of-use asset and lease
liability in the amount of based on the net present value of lease payments discounted using an incremental borrowing rate of
 . 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement for a facility in Cheyenne, Wyoming. . The monthly base rent was 
and was lowered to 
starting in March 2022. The Company has an option to renew the lease for an additional upon giving a written notice from 60 to 120 days prior to the expiration of the initial term of this lease. The Company
typically excludes options to extend the lease in a lease term unless it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the
option and when doing so is in the Company s sole discretion. 

During
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, lease expense of approximately 
and ,
respectively, was included in general and administrative expenses as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. 

Operating
Lease liabilities are summarized below: 

April
30, 2023 
 April
30, 2022 
 
 Operating lease, current portion 

Operating lease, long term portion 
 - 

Total lease liability 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

The
weighted average remaining lease term for the operating leases is years and the weighted average incremental borrowing rate is 
at April 30, 2023. 

Lease assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 - 

Lease assets obtained upon lease modification 
 
 - 

Less: imputed interest 

Total present value of lease liability 

consisting of shares of the Company s common stock with a value of and cash payments of ,
which is paid per month. In January 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the January 2021 Agreement.
The Company and the consultant mutually agree to extend the term of the agreement from January 2022 to January 2023 under the same terms
as the initial agreement (the January 2022 Agreement ). In January 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock
pursuant to the January 2022 Agreement. During the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid consulting fees in cash of 
and , respectively. Effective December 31, 2022, the director resigned from the Board. Accordingly, the Company issued shares
of common stock in connection with vested RSU s on the date of resignation (see Note 10). 

On
March 19, 2021, the Company and Edward Karr, the Company s former Executive Chairman, agreed by mutual understanding, that Mr.
Karr s employment as an officer and employee, and his service as a member of the Board was terminated, effective March 19, 2021.
In connection with Mr. Karr s departure, the Company entered into a General Release and Severance Agreement with Mr. Karr, as amended,
pursuant to which Mr. Karr provided certain transition services to the Company through the Separation Date. Pursuant to the Separation
Agreement, Mr. Karr is entitled to receive any equity awards granted to Mr. Karr by the Company. Additionally, on March 19, 2021, the
Company entered into a one-year agreement (the Karr March 2021 Agreement for general corporate advisory services to be
provided by Mr. Karr for an annual fee of consisting of shares of the Company s common stock with a value of and
cash payments of , which is paid per month. In January 2022, the Company s Board approved the renewal of the Karr
March 2021 Agreement for an additional year under the same terms as the initial period (the Karr March 2022 Agreement ).
In March 2023, the Company entered into a consulting agreement to extend the term for another 12 months. In April 2022, the Company issued
 and shares of common stock pursuant to the Karr March 2021 and March 2022 Agreements, respectively. Additionally, on January
24, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of RSU s and granted five-year options to purchase the Company s common
stock to Mr. Karr for consulting services rendered. In March 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the March
2023 consulting agreement. The Company paid consulting fees to Mr. Karr of in cash for both periods during the years ended April
30, 2023 and 2022. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

On
March 10, 2021, the Company entered into a one-year consulting agreement March 2021 Agreement with an individual who
subsequently was appointed as a director of the Company on May 18, 2022, providing for an annual fee of consisting of shares
of the Company s common stock with a value of and cash payments of , which is paid per month. The Company
and the consultant mutually agreed to extend the term of the agreement from March 2022 to March 2023 under the same terms as the initial
agreement (the March 2022 Agreement ). In March 2023, the Company entered into a consulting agreement to extend the term
for another 12 months. In April 2022 and March 2023, the Company issued shares and shares of common stock, respectively,
pursuant to the agreements. The Company paid consulting fees to such director of in cash during the year ended April 30, 2023.
Additionally, as of April 30, 2023, the Company recorded accounts payable and accrued expenses totaling due to such director
and was included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

and , respectively. Under the
guidance in ASC 815-40, certain warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment. As such, these warrants are recorded at fair
value as of each reporting date with the change in fair value reported within other income in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations as Change in fair value of warrant liability until the warrants are exercised, expired or other facts and
circumstances lead the warrant liability to be reclassified to stockholders equity. The Company utilized a Monte Carlo Simulation
model to estimate the fair values of the April 2023 and March 2022 warrants, which incorporates significant inputs that are not observable
in the market, and thus represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The unobservable inputs utilized for measuring the fair
value of the contingent consideration reflect management s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would
use in valuing the contingent consideration. The Company determined the fair value by using the following key inputs to the Monte Carlo
Simulation Model: 

Initial
Measurement 

The
Company accounted for the 
warrants issued on March 18, 2022 in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging whereby
under that provision these warrants did not meet the criteria for equity treatment and was recorded as a liability. The initial
valuation of these warrants were valued at 
on March 18, 2022. Additionally, the Company accounted for the 
warrants issued on April 10, 2023 (see Note 10) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815 Derivatives and
Hedging whereby under that provision these warrants did not meet the criteria for equity treatment and was recorded as a
liability at an initial valuation of . On April 10, 2023, the Company agreed to amend, effective as of the closing of the registered offering, certain existing
warrants to purchase up to 
shares of the Company at an exercise price of 
per share and a termination date of September 18, 2027, so that the amended warrants will have a reduced exercise price of 
per share and a termination date of October 10, 2028. Accordingly, the Company recognized a change in fair value due to modification
of warrants of during the year ended April 30, 2023 as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Annualized volatility 

Volatility if fundamental transaction occurs 

Risk-free interest rate 

Stock price 

Dividend yield 

Exercise price 

Probability of fundamental transaction 

Date of fundamental transaction (1) 
 years to years 

1) 
 . 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

The
key inputs for the warrant liability were as follows as of April 10, 2023: 

Key Valuation Inputs (2) 

Expected term (years) 

Annualized volatility 

Volatility if fundamental transaction occurs 

Risk-free interest rate 

Stock price 

Dividend yield 

Exercise price 

Probability of fundamental transaction 

Date of fundamental transaction (1) 
 years to years 

1) 
 . 

2) 

Subsequent
Measurement 

The
key inputs for the warrant liability were as follows as of April 30, 2022: 

Key Valuation Inputs 

Expected term (years) 

Annualized volatility 

Volatility if fundamental transaction occurs 

Risk-free interest rate 

Stock price 

Dividend yield 

Exercise price 

Probability of fundamental transaction 

Date of fundamental transaction 
 years to years 

The
key inputs for the warrant liability were as follows as of April 30, 2023: 

Key Valuation Inputs 

Expected term (years) 

Annualized volatility 

Volatility if fundamental transaction occurs 

Risk-free interest rate 

Stock price 

Dividend yield 

Exercise price 

Probability of fundamental transaction 

Date of fundamental transaction 
 years to years 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Fair value as of April 30, 2022 

Initial fair value of warrant liability upon issuance 

Change in fair value due to modification of warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Fair value as of April 30, 2023 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and 
shares of blank check preferred stock, par value per share, of which shares are designated as Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock, shares are designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, shares are designated as Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock, shares are designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, shares are designated as Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock, shares are designated as Series F Preferred Stock, shares are designated as Series G Preferred
Stock, shares are designated as Series H Preferred Stock, and shares are designated as Series I Preferred Stock. The
Company s Board has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more
series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the preferred stock. 

There
were shares of Preferred Stock outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Common
Stock issued for cash 

On
February 14, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with certain
institutional and accredited investors in connection with a registered direct offering of shares of the Company s common
stock at a price of per share and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price
of per share (the Registered Offering ). The warrants are exercisable immediately following issuance and will expire
five years from the issuance date. The aggregate gross proceeds of the Registered Offering was before deduction of legal related
offering expenses of . The closing of the Registered Offering occurred on February 16, 2022. 

On
March 15, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with a single institutional investor in connection with a registered
direct offering of shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share and warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock. The exercise price was per share (the Securities ), resulting in total
gross proceeds of million before the deduction of placement agent fees of and legal related offering expenses of 
for a total of . The warrants were exercisable six months following the date of issuance and were to expire years following
the initial exercise date. The closing of the sale of the Securities occurred on March 18, 2022. Pursuant to ASC 470-20-25, if the warrants
are classified as liability, the proceeds should be allocated first to the warrants based on their fair value (not relative fair value).
The residual should be allocated to the remaining equity instruments. 

These
 warrants were recorded as warrant liability as of April 30, 2022 (see Note 9) and was allocated to the proceeds as follows: 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to warrant liability 

Plus: 

Offering cost associated with warrant liability 

Net proceeds on March 18, 2022 allocated to equity 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Additionally,
on April 10, 2023, the Company agreed to amend, effective as of the closing of a registered offering (see below), these warrants
at an exercise price of per share and a termination date of September 18, 2027, so that the amended warrants will have a reduced
exercise price of per share and a termination date of April 10, 2028. Accordingly, the Company recorded a change in fair value
due to modification of warrants of during the year ended April 30, 2023. 

On
April 10, 2023, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with a single institutional investor in connection with a registered
direct offering of shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share and warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Securities ), resulting in total
gross proceeds of before the deduction of placement agent fees of and legal related offering expenses of 
for a total of . The warrants are exercisable six months following the date of issuance and will expire years following the
initial exercise date. The closing of the sale of the Securities occurred on April 10, 2023. Pursuant to ASC 470-20-25, if the warrants
are classified as liability, the proceeds should be allocated first to the warrants based on their fair value (not relative fair value).
The residual should be allocated to the remaining equity instruments. 

These
 warrants were recorded as warrant liability as of April 30, 2023 (see Note 9) and was allocated to the proceeds as follows: 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to warrant liability 

Plus: 

Offering cost associated with warrant liability 

Net proceeds on April 10, 2023 allocated to equity 

Common
Stock Issued, Restricted Stock Awards, and RSU s Granted for Services 

On
June 1, 2021, the Company granted Restricted Stock Units RSU s to a consultant for consulting services rendered.
The RSU s had a fair value of or per share of common stock based on the quoted trading price on the date of
grant. The RSU s fully vested and expensed immediately. 

On
June 9, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with an investor relations agreement for
services to be rendered from April 2021 to April 2022. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or per
share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant. In connection with this issuance, the Company reduced accrued liabilities
by and recognized stock-based consulting of during the year ended April 30, 2022. 

On
July 19, 2021, the Company granted RSU s to an employee pursuant to his employment agreement. The RSU s had
a fair value of or per share of common stock based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant. The RSU s vested
 on the date of issuance, and the remaining shall vest one-third over a three-year period from the date of issuance. 

On
October 20, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a former employee in connection with vested RSU s on the date
of termination of service. 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with a consulting agreement
for services rendered from May 2021 to October 2021. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or per share,
based on the quoted trading price on the date of grants, which was fully vested and expensed immediately. 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with an advisory consulting
agreement for services rendered from April 2021 to September 2021. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or 
per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grants, which was fully vested. In connection with this issuance, the Company
reduced accrued liabilities by and recognized stock-based consulting of during the year ended April 30, 2022. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of RSU s to certain employees of the Company for services rendered. The
 RSU s had a fair value of , or per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grants, which was
fully vested and expensed immediately. 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of RSU s to the directors of the Company for services rendered. The 
RSU s had a fair value of , or per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grants, which was fully
vested and expensed immediately. 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of RSU s to certain consultants of the Company for services rendered.
The RSU s had a fair value of , or per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grants, which
was fully vested and expensed immediately. One of the consultants is Mr. Karr, the Company s former Executive Chairman (see Note
8). 

On
April 9, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with an investor relations agreement for
services to be rendered from April 2022 to April 2023. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or per share,
based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant. The Company recognized stock-based consulting of and during
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

On
April 22, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with a consulting agreement
for services rendered from November 2021 to April 2022. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or per share,
based on the quoted trading price on the date of grants, which was fully vested and expensed immediately. 

On
April 22, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with an advisory consulting
agreement for services rendered from October 2021 to March 2022. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or 
per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grants, which was fully vested and expensed immediately. 

On
April 22, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to a director of the Company pursuant to the January
2022 Agreement (see Note 8). The shares had a fair value of or per share of common stock based on the quoted trading
prices on the date of grant. The Company recognized stock-based consulting of and during the years ended April 30, 2023
and 2022, respectively. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company issued and shares of common stock to Edward Karr, former Executive Chairman of the Company, pursuant
to the March 2021 Agreement and the March 2022 Agreement, respectively (see Note 8). The shares of common stock had a fair value
of , or per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant. In connection with this issuance, the Company
reduced accrued liabilities by and recognized stock-based consulting of during the year ended April 30, 2022. The 
shares of common stock had a fair value of , or per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant. The Company
recognized stock-based consulting of and during the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with a one-year strategic advisory agreement
for services to be rendered from March 10, 2021 to March 10, 2022. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or
 per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant. In March 2022, the Company and the consultant mutually agreed
to extend the term of the agreement from March 11, 2022 to March 10, 2023 under the same terms as the initial agreement. On April 25,
2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to such consultant for services to be rendered from March 11, 2022 to March 10,
2023. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date
of grant. The Company recognized stock-based consulting of and during the year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively
and reduced accrued liabilities by . 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

On
November 14, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with an advisory consulting
agreement for services rendered from May 2022 to October 2022 and issued shares of common stock for services rendered in April 2022
for a total of shares. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or per share, based on the quoted trading
price on the date of grants, which was fully vested. The Company reduced accrued liabilities by in connection with the issuance
of the shares and recognized stock-based consulting of in connection with the issuance of the shares during the year
ended April 30, 2023. 

On
November 14, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with a consulting agreement
for services rendered from May 2022 to October 2022. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or per share,
based on the quoted trading price on the date of grants, which was fully vested and expensed immediately. 

On
December 22, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a former director in connection with vested RSU s (see Note
8). 

On
March 10, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to a director of the Company pursuant to the March 2023 Agreement (see
Note 8). The shares had a fair value of or per share of common stock based on the quoted trading price on the date
of grant. The Company recognized stock-based consulting of during the year ended April 30, 2023 and recorded prepaid stock-based
expense of at April 30, 2023 to be amortized over the term of the agreement. 

On
March 10, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to Edward Karr, former Executive Chairman of the Company, pursuant to
the March 2023 Agreement (see Note 8). The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or per share, based on the
quoted trading price on the date of grant. The Company recognized stock-based consulting of during the year ended April 30, 2023
and recorded prepaid stock-based expense of at April 30, 2023 to be amortized over the term of this agreement. 

On
April 4, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to a consultant in connection with an advisory consulting
agreement for services rendered from November 2022 to March 2023. The shares of common stock had a fair value of , or 
per share, based on the quoted trading price on the date of grants, which was fully vested and expensed immediately. 

Total
stock compensation expense for awards issued for services of 
and 
was expensed for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There are unvested restricted stock units with
unvested compensation expense of 
at April 30, 2023 remaining to be expensed over future vesting periods of a weighted average period of 
years. There were vested restricted stock units awarded but unissued into
common stock as of April 30, 2023. A total of restricted stock units are outstanding, vested and unvested, as of April 30, 2023. 

Granted 

Vested and converted 

Forfeited 

Balance at April 30, 2022 

Vested and converted into common stock 

Balance at April 30, 2023 

Common
Stock issued for exercise of Stock Warrants 

In
April 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of stock warrants and received proceeds of approximately
 . 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

In
August 2017, the Board approved the Company s 2017 Plan including the reservation of shares of common stock thereunder. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

On
August 6, 2019, the Board approved and adopted, subject to stockholder approval, the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan initially reserved 
shares for future issuance to officers, directors, employees and contractors as directed from time to time by the Compensation Committee
of the Board. The 2020 Plan was approved by a vote of stockholders at the 2019 annual meeting. With the approval and effectivity of the
2020 Plan, no further grants will be made under the 2017 Plan. On August 31, 2020, the Board approved and adopted, subject to stockholder
approval, an amendment (the 2020 Plan Amendment to the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan Amendment increased the number of shares
of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2020 Plan by an additional , to a total of shares
of the Company s common stock. The 2020 Plan Amendment was approved by the Company s stockholders on November 9, 2020. On
December 16, 2022 the Company s stockholders approved another amendment to the 2020 plan increasing the number of shares of common
stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2020 Plan by an additional shares, to a total of shares
of the Company s common stock. 

Stock
options 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 

Balance at April 30, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 

Balance at April 30, 2023 

Options exercisable at end of year 

Options expected to vest 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the year 

At
April 30, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable were de minimis for each period. 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company granted an aggregate of options to purchase the Company s common stock to certain employees
of the Company. The options have a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of . from the date of grant . 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company granted an aggregate of options to purchase the Company s common stock to the directors of
the Company. The options have a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of . The options
fully vested and was expensed immediately. 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company granted an aggregate of options to purchase the Company s common stock to certain consultants
of the Company. The options have a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of . The options
fully vested and was expensed immediately. One of the consultants is Mr. Karr, the Company s former Executive Chairman (see Note
8). 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

The
Company used the Black-Scholes model to determine the fair value of stock options granted during the year ended April 30, 2022. In applying
the Black-Scholes option pricing model to options granted, the Company used the following assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Contractual and expected term (in years) 

Forfeiture rate 

On
January 12, 2023, the Company granted an aggregate of options to purchase the Company s common stock to certain officers
and employees of the Company. The options have a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of 
(see table below for the assumptions used). The options fully vested and was expensed immediately. 

On
January 12, 2023, the Company granted an aggregate of options to purchase the Company s common stock to the directors of
the Company. The options have a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of (see table below
for the assumptions used). The options fully vested and was expensed immediately. 

On
January 12, 2023, the Company granted an aggregate of options to purchase the Company s common stock to certain consultants
of the Company. The options have a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of (see table
below for the assumptions used). The options fully vested and was expensed immediately. One of the consultants is Mr. Karr, the Company s
former Executive Chairman (see Note 8). 

The
Company used the Black-Scholes model to determine the fair value of stock options granted during the year ended April 30, 2023. In applying
the Black-Scholes option pricing model to options granted, the Company used the following assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Contractual and expected term (in years) 

Forfeiture rate 

Stock-based
compensation for stock options recorded in the consolidated statements of operations totaled and for the years ended
April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. A balance of remains to be expensed over future vesting periods related to unvested stock
options issued for services to be expensed over a weighted average period of years. 

Professional and consulting fees 

Total 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Stock
Warrants 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Canceled 

Balance at April 30, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Canceled 

Balance at April 30, 2023 

Class A Warrants: 

Balance at April 30, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Canceled 

Balance at April 30, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Canceled 

Balance at April 30, 2023 

Total Warrants Outstanding at April 30, 2023 

Warrants exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of warrants granted during the year 

As
of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable were de minimis for each period. 

Concurrent
with the sales of common stock on February 14, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable immediately following issuance and will expire 
from the issuance date. 

Concurrent
with the sale of common stock on March 18, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock. The exercise price was per share. The warrants were exercisable six months following the date of issuance and were to expire
 years following the initial exercise date. These warrants allow for the potential settlement in cash if certain extraordinary events
are affected by the Company, including a 50 or greater change of control in the Company s common stock. Such payment in cash shall
be equal to the black-scholes value as defined in the warrant agreement. These warrants were recorded as warrant liability as
of April 30, 2023 and 2022 (see Note 9). 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Additionally,
on April 10, 2023, the Company agreed to amend, effective as of the closing of a registered offering (see Note 10), the warrants
at an exercise price of per share and a termination date of September 18, 2027, so that the amended warrants will have a reduced
exercise price of per share and a termination date of April 10, 2028. 

In
April 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of stock warrants and received proceeds of approximately
 . 

Concurrent
with the sale of common stock on April 10, 2023, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable six months following the date of issuance and will expire
 years following the initial exercise date. These warrants allow for the potential settlement in cash if certain extraordinary events
are affected by the Company, including a 50 or greater change of control in the Company s common stock. Such payment in cash shall
be equal to the black-scholes value as defined in the warrant agreement. These warrants were recorded as warrant liability as
of April 30, 2023 (see Note 9). 

Stock options 

Stock warrants 

Total 

acres, and 2) State of Wyoming Mining Lease No. 0-40858 consisting of acres. 

Lease
0-40828 was renewed in for a third ten-year term and Lease 0-40858 was renewed for its second ten-year term in . Lease 0-40828 requires an annual payment of per acre starting with the year ending February 2024 and Lease 0-40858 requires
an annual payment of per acre through February 2024. If Lease 0-40858 is renewed for another ten-year term the annual payment will
increase to per acre. 

In
connection with the Wyoming Mining Leases, production royalties of of net receipts are required to be paid to the State of Wyoming,
although once the project is in operation, the Board of Land Commissioners has the authority to reduce the royalty payable to the State
of Wyoming. 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal 2027 

Fiscal 2028 

Fiscal 2029 and thereafter 

Total 

The
Company may renew each lease for a fourth ten-year term, which will require annual payments of per acre. 

NPRC
option: 

Pursuant
to the Merger, the Company acquired from NPRC a mineral property called Challis Gold located in Idaho pursuant to an option agreement
dated in February 2020 which was later amended in June 2020. The Company satisfied the minimum royalty payment of for fiscal
2022 and 2023. 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal 2027 

Fiscal 2028 

Fiscal 2029 and thereafter 

Total 

of the advance minimum royalty payments will be applied to the royalty credits. 

Exploration
Access and Option to Lease Agreement 

On
August 25, 2021 Effective Date ), the Company entered into an Exploration Access and Option to Lease Agreement (the Agreement with a private-party landowner (the Landowner whereby the Landowner granted the Company an option (the Option to lease and right of way on a property located in Laramie County, Wyoming. The Company may exercise the Option for five years Option
Term from the Effective Date. During the Option, the Landowner granted non-exclusive rights (the Exploration Access Rights to the Company to use the surface of the property for an annual exploration and access right payment of , thirty days after the
effective date and each year on the anniversary of the Effective Date during the Option Term until such time the Option is exercised
or expires. The Company is also required to pay an annual Option payment of for the lease and for the right of way within
thirty days after the Effective Date and each year on the anniversary of the Effective Date during the Option Term until such time the
Option is exercise by the Company or expires. The Company paid a total of for each of the period on September 1, 2021 and September
1, 2022 pursuant to this Agreement. 

At
any time during the Option Term, the Company may exercise the Option by providing a written notice to the Landowner and the Company shall
pay a one-time right of way payment of at closing and shall execute a lease agreement. The exclusive option to lease (the Lease and right of way (the Right of Way is for a term of ten years with the right to extend for an additional ten years and
requires an annual lease payment of , compensation for loss of grazing of per acre impacted land and annual Right of Way
payments of . 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

In
consideration for the option rights, lease rights and right of way rights under this Agreement, the Company agreed to grant the Landowner
shares of the Company s common stock worth , which shares will not vest, or be issued, until the Company executes the Lease.
Currently, the Company has not executed the Lease. 

At
any time during the Option Term, the Company may terminate this Agreement by providing a written notice to the Landowner. Upon termination,
the Landowner is entitled to retain any payments already made and the Company shall have no further obligation after the date of termination.
The Agreement, including the Option and the Exploration Access Rights, may be extended for a period of five years upon written notice
from the Company. In the absence of such notice, the Agreement shall automatically terminate at the end of the Option Term. Currently,
the Company has not exercised the Option. 

Legal
Matters 

From
time to time the Company may be involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. To the Company s
knowledge, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or of which any of the Company s property
is the subject. 

Stock-based compensation 

Accrued remediation costs 

Other 

Subtotal 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 
 April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 

(Revised) 

Acquired mineral rights in excess of tax basis in a tax-free merger 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

The
Company has a net operating loss carryforward for federal tax purposes totaling approximately million at April 30, 2023. Approximately
 million expires between the years 2024 and 2038, with approximately million net operating losses incurred after December
31, 2017 that do not expire and can be utilized to offset up to of future taxable income. As of April 30, 2023, the Company has identified
certain adjustments that are required to past tax return filings, including those related to capitalized exploration expenses and share-based
compensation. These adjustments will be made to the Company s net operating loss carryforward in the federal tax return for the
year ended April 30, 2023. These adjustments are already reflected in the carryforward amounts disclosed above. The Company does not
have any state net operating loss carryforwards. The Company primarily operates in the states of Wyoming and Nevada which do not impose
a corporate income tax. Any minor apportionment that may occur to any other taxable state will be immaterial to current and future operations
of the Company. Therefore, the effective state tax rate used in the calculation of the Company s deferred tax is 0 . 

U.S.
GOLD CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 APRIL
30, 2023 

On
August 10, 2020, the Company acquired mineral rights totaling (see Note 4 Mineral Rights) in a tax-free reorganization
pursuant to IRC Section 368. The Company recorded the assets at fair value for financial reporting purposes and retained the seller s
tax basis which was zero resulting in a deferred tax liability on the business combination date. As required by ASC 740, the Company
has recognized the deferred tax impact of acquiring the mineral rights asset in this transaction, with the amount paid exceeding the
tax basis of the asset on the acquisition date. A portion of the deferred tax liability is offset by deferred tax assets recognized by
the Company. The remaining portion of the deferred tax liability is not offset by deferred tax assets due to the indefinite life of the
mineral rights. As of April 30, 2023, the Company s remaining net deferred tax assets have been offset with a full valuation allowance
as management is unable to conclude that it is not more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will expire unrealized. 

The
differences between the provision (benefit) for federal income taxes and federal income taxes computed using the U.S. statutory tax
rate of 
were as follows (approximately): 

State income tax provision (benefit), net of federal taxes 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in prior year estimate 

Prior year deferred tax adjustment 

Other nondeductible expenses 

Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance 

Total tax provision (benefit) on income (loss) 

The
Company has assessed its tax positions and has determined that it has not taken a position that would give rise to an unrecognized tax
liability being reported. In the event that the Company is assessed penalties and/or interest, penalties will be charged to other operating
expenses and interest will be charged to interest expense. 

The
Company operates exclusively in the United States and in various state jurisdictions, primarily the states of Wyoming and Nevada. For
both federal and state income tax purposes, the Company s fiscal 2020 through 2023 tax years remain open for examination by the
tax authorities under the general three-year statute of limitations. However, due to the Company s federal net operating loss carryforward,
the Internal Revenue Service has the ability to adjust this carryforward even if the losses were incurred in years that would otherwise
be closed under the statute of limitations. 

F- 30 

Item
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

Item
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management
necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of April 30, 2023. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the Company s management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at the reasonable assurance level, in ensuring that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. See the below discussion regarding the remediation of the material weaknesses previously disclosed. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ICFR ). Our
internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to our management and board regarding the preparation
and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting as of April 30, 2023. The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the
document entitled 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission, COSO ). Based on that assessment, management concluded that, during the period covered by this report,
such internal controls and procedures were effective as of April 30, 2023. 

37 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting
company and are not required to provide the report. 

CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

The
Company made significant improvements in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with the evaluation required
by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the year ended April 30, 2023, that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Refer to Remediation Activities 
below. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Management
recognizes that a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because
of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two
or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance
with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due
to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Remediation
Activities 

In
order to remediate the material weakness identified in internal control reported in the prior year we have added performed the following
and added the following controls: 

We
 have performed an effective risk assessment and process for monitoring internal controls
 over financial reporting. This includes the preparation of written documentation of our internal
 control policies and procedures, designing, implementing, testing, and assessing the effectiveness
 of our internal controls, including our disclosure controls and procedures. 

We
 have implemented monitoring controls over the accounting for complex financial instruments
 including proper reviews and analysis. 

We
 have implemented preventative and monitoring controls over our accounting for income taxes
 through the engagement with qualified personnel. 

Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

38 

PART
III 

Item
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Incorporated
by reference from the information in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer, and those of our officers performing similar functions. The full text of our code of ethics can be found
on the Corporate Governance page on our website. In the event our Board of Directors approves an amendment to or waiver from any provision
of our code of ethics, we will disclose the required information pertaining to such amendment or waiver on our website. 

Item
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Incorporated
by reference from the information in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or amendment to this annual report
on Form 10-K, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Incorporated
by reference from the information in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or amendment to this annual report
on Form 10-K, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

Item
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Incorporated
by reference from the information in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or amendment to this annual report
on Form 10-K, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

Item
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Incorporated
by reference from the information in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or amendment to this annual report
on Form 10-K, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

39 

PART
IV 

Item
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

2.1 
 Articles of Merger as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 23, 2017. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on May 26, 2017. 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada. Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on January 8, 2016. 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated July 6, 2016. Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on July 8, 2016. 

3.3 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on January 8, 2016. 

3.4 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of 0 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on January 21, 2016. 

3.5 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Powers, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions of 0 Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on August 5, 2016. 

3.6 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Company s 0 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001- 08266 on May 26, 2017. 

3.7 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on February 23, 2016. 

3.8 
 Certificate of Designations, Rights, Powers, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions of the Company s 0 Series F Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266 on June 20, 2019. 

3.9 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of U.S. Gold Corp. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266 on March 19, 2020. 

3.10 
 Certificate of Designation of 0 Series G Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on March 30, 2020. 

3.11 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated May 2, 2017. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266 on May 5, 2017. 

3.12 
 Certificate of Designations of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266 on August 13, 2020. 

3.13 
 Certificate of Designations of Series I Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266 on August 13, 2020. 

4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to the Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, filed on May 12, 2011. 

40 

4.2 
 Form of Class A Warrant Certificate. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266 on June 20, 2019. 

4.3 
 Description of Securities. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on July 29, 2021. 

4.4 
 Form of Common Warrant. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on January 28, 2021. 

4.5 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on February 18, 2022. 

4.6 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on March 21, 2022. 

4.7 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on April 10, 2023. 

4.8 
 Amendment No. 1 to Warrants. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on April 10, 2023. 

10.1 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to a Definitive Proxy Statement for an Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on November 10, 2014, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on October 21, 2014. 

10.2 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to a Definitive Proxy Statement for an Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on July 31, 2017, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001- 08266, on July 12, 2017. 

10.3 
 Consulting Agreement dated January 7, 2021 by and between Ryan K. Zinke and U.S. Gold Corp. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on July 29, 2021. 

10.4 
 Employment Agreement dated December 4, 2020 by and between George Bee and U.S. Gold Corp. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC File number 001- 08266, on December 10, 2020. 

10.5 
 Employment Agreement dated December 4, 2020 by and between Eric Alexander and U.S. Gold Corp. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC File number 001- 08266, on December 10, 2020. 

10.6 
 Employment Agreement dated July 19, 2021 by and between Kevin Francis and U.S. Gold Corp. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC File number 001- 08266, on July 19, 2021. 

10.7 
 U.S. Gold Corp 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC File number 001-08266, on September 24, 2019. 

10.8 
 First Amendment to the U.S. Gold Corp. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Incorporate by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC File number 001-08266, on November, 10, 2020. 

10.9 
 Form of Leak-Out Agreement. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on August 13, 2020. 

41 

10.10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the U.S. Gold Corp. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on December 16, 2019. 

10.11 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the U.S. Gold Corp. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on December 16, 2019. 

10.12 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the U.S. Gold Corp. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on December 16, 2019. 

10.13 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on February 18, 2022. 

10.14 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on March 21, 2022. 

10.15 
 Consulting Agreement dated March 10, 2021 by and between Luke Norman and U.S. Gold Corp. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on May 24, 2022. 

10.16 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated November 9, 2022. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on November 15, 2022. 

10.17 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on April 10, 2023. 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 Consent of Marcum LLP. 

23.2 
 Consent of Gustavson Associates LLC (a member of WSP Global Inc.). 

23.3 
 Consent of John A. Wells. 

23.4 
 Consent of Mark C. Shutty. 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of George Bee. 

31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Eric Alexander. 

32.1
 
 Section 1350 Certification of George Bee (Furnished not Filed). 

32.2
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Eric Alexander (Furnished not Filed). 

96.1 
 Technical Report Summary. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 96.1 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC file number 001-08266, on August 15, 2022. 

101.INS
Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Link base Document 

101.LAB
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Link base Document 

101.PRE
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link base Document 

101.DEF
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Link base Document 

104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Furnished herewith 

#
Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. U.S. Gold Corp. hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental
copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

U.S.
 GOLD CORP. 

Date:
 July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 George M. Bee 

George
 M. Bee 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Eric Alexander 

Eric
 Alexander 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Luke Norman 

Luke
 Norman, Director and Chairman 

Date:
 July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 George M. Bee 

George
 M. Bee, Director 

Date:
 July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Tara Gilfillan 

Tara
 Gilfillan, Director 

Date:
 July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert W. Schafer 

Robert
 W. Schafer, Director 

Date:
 July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Waldkirch 

Michael
 Waldkirch, Director 

43 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 1 

Name
 of Company 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 
 
 U.S.
 Gold Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Gold
 King Corp. 
 
 Wyoming 
 
 Northern
 Panther Resources Corporation 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Western
 Panther Resources Corporation 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Eagle
 Resources Management LLC 
 
 Utah 
 
 2637262
 Ontario Inc. 
 
 Ontario,
 Canada 
 
 Orevada
 Metals Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

1
 This information is as of July 31, 2023. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of U.S. Gold Corp. and Subsidiaries on Form S-3 (File No. 333-262415
and 333-253165) of our report dated July 31, 2023, which included an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of U.S. Gold Corp. and Subsidiaries as of April
30, 2023 and 2022 and for the each of the two years in the period ended April 30, 2023, which report is included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of U.S. Gold Corp. and Subsidiaries for the year ended April 30, 2023. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

Marcum
 LLP 

 New
York, NY 

 July
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 5
 ex23-3.htm

Exhibit
23.3 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-23.4>
 6
 ex23-4.htm

Exhibit
23.4 

</EX-23.4>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
George M. Bee, certify that: 

1) 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of U.S. Gold Corp. (the registrant ); 

2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by the report; 

3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 George M. Bee 

George
 M. Bee 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

July
 31, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Eric Alexander, certify that: 

1) 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of U.S. Gold Corp. (the registrant ); 

2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by the report; 

3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Eric Alexander 

Eric
 Alexander 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

July
 31, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of U.S. Gold Corp. (the Company ), as filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, George M. Bee, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in such Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 George M. Bee 

George
 M. Bee 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of U.S. Gold Corp (the Company ), as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric Alexander, the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Eric Alexander 

Eric
 Alexander 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 usau-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 usau-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 usau-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 26
 usau-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

