<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230816_10-K_edgar_data_1580149_0001520138-23-000325.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8294419</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>284505</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1538898</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3301403</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1328063</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1605220</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-23-000325.hdr.sgml : 20230816
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230816173016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-23-000325
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230816
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230816

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIOVIE INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				462510769
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39015
		FILM NUMBER:		231179189

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		680 W NYE LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-888-3162

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		680 W NYE LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NANOANTIBIOTICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130625

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-23-000325.txt : 20230816

10-K
 1
 bivi-20230630_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________to _____________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification Number) 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices, Zip Code) 

)- 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market, LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7362(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 Yes

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . 

There
were 
 shares of the Registrant s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding as of August 9, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

BIOVIE
INC. 

FORM
10-K INDEX 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 36 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 36 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 37 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 43 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 51 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 54 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 55 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

i 

BIOVIE
INC. 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933. Any statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact may be forward-looking
statements. When we use the words intends, estimates, predicts, potential, continues, 
 anticipates, plans, expects, believes, should, could, 
 may, will or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, we are identifying forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. These factors include our research and development
activities, distributor channel; compliance with regulatory impositions; and our capital needs. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. 

Except
as may be required by applicable law, we do not undertake or intend to update or revise our forward-looking statements, and we assume
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this report as a result of new information or future events or developments.
Thus, you should not assume that our silence over time means that actual events are bearing out as expressed or implied in such forward-looking
statements. You should carefully review and consider the various disclosures we make in this report and our other reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
affect our business. 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The Company assumes
no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. When used in this report, the
terms BioVie , Company , we , our , and us refer to BioVie, Inc. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS

Overview 

BioVie
Inc. (the Company or we or our is a clinical-stage company developing innovative drug therapies
for the treatment of neurological and neurodegenerative disorders and advanced liver disease. 

Neurodegenerative
Disease Program 

In neurodegenerative disease, the Company s
drug candidate NE3107 inhibits inflammatory activation of extracellular single-regulated kinase ERK and Nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer
of activated B cells NFkB (e.g., tumor necrosis factor TNF signaling) that leads to neuroinflammation
and insulin resistance, but not their homeostatic functions (e.g., insulin signaling and neuron growth and survival). Both inflammation
and insulin resistance are drivers of Alzheimer s disease AD and Parkinson s disease PD ). 

The
Company is conducting a potentially pivotal Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicenter study to
evaluate NE3107 in patients who have mild to moderate Alzheimer s disease (NCT04669028). The Company is targeting primary completion
of this study in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2023. 

In
December 2022, topline results were released from the Company s Phase 2 study assessing NE3107 s safety and tolerability
and potential pro-motoric impact in PD patients. The NM201 study (NCT05083260) was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, safety, tolerability,
and pharmacokinetics study in PD participants treated with carbidopa/levodopa and NE3107. Forty-five patients with a defined L-dopa off
state were randomized 1:1 to placebo:NE3107 20 mg twice daily for 28 days. The trial was launched with two design objectives:
1) the primary objective was safety and a drug-drug interaction study (as requested by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA )) to demonstrate the absence of adverse interactions of NE3107 with levodopa; and 2) the secondary objective was to determine
if preclinical indications of promotoric activity and apparent enhancement of levodopa activity observed in a Parkinson s disease
model in monkeys can be seen in humans. Both objectives of the study were met. Patients treated with NE3107 experienced greater motor
control. 

The
Company provided the financial support and the use of our NE3107 formulated drug product for an open-label phase 2, Investigator-Initiated
Trial in mild cognitive impairment MCI and Mild AD, NCT05227820, conducted by The Regenesis Project of Dr. Sheldon Jordan. The study received FDA authorization on December 12, 2021 and was designed to measure NE3107 s effect on cognition,
cerebral spinal fluid CSF and blood biomarkers, and neuro-imagining endpoints. Topline results were released September
7, 2022, and additional data was presented at the Clinical Trial in Alzheimer s Disease CTAD annual conference in
December 2022. The data showed that three months of treatment with NE3107 in patients with MCI and mild AD enhanced cognition compared
to baseline, as measured using multiple rating scales, had improvement in daily function and improvements in inflammation correlated with
improved cognition. No drug-related adverse events were observed. 

The
Company acquired the biopharmaceutical assets of NeurMedix, Inc. NeurMedix ), from a related party privately held clinical-stage
pharmaceutical company, in June 2021. The acquired assets included NE3107, a potentially selective inhibitor of inflammatory ERK signaling that, based on animal studies and Dr. Jordan s study, is believed to reduce
neuroinflammation. NE3107 is a novel orally administered small molecule that is thought to inhibit inflammation-driven insulin resistance
and major pathological inflammatory cascades with a novel mechanism of action. There is emerging scientific consensus that both inflammation
and insulin resistance may play fundamental roles in the development of AD and PD, and NE3107 could, if approved by the FDA represent
a new medical approach to treating these devastating conditions affecting an estimated 6 million Americans suffering from AD and 1 million
Americans suffering from PD. 

Inflammation-driven
insulin resistance is believed to be implicated in a broad range of serious diseases, and we plan to begin exploring these opportunities
in the coming months using NE3107 or related compounds acquired in the NeurMedix asset purchase. NE3107 is patented in the United States U.S. ), Australia, Canada, Europe and South Korea. 

1 

Liver
Disease Program 

In liver disease, our Orphan Drug candidate BIV201
(continuous infusion terlipressin), with FDA Fast Track status, has been evaluated in a U.S. Phase 2b study (NCT04112199) for the treatment
of refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. BIV201 is administered as a patent-pending liquid formulation. The study was closed before
full enrollment, without clinically meaningful adverse effects associated with BIV201 treatment and data that appeared to show that treatment
with BIV201 plus standard-of-care SOC resulted in a reduction in ascites fluid accumulation during treatment versus pre-treatment.
In June 2023, we requested guidance from the FDA regarding the design and endpoints for definitive clinical testing of BIV201 for the
treatment of ascites due to chronic liver cirrhosis. 

While the active agent, terlipressin, is approved
in the U.S. and in about 40 countries for related complications of advanced liver cirrhosis, treatment of ascites is not included in these
authorizations. Patients with refractory ascites suffer from frequent life-threatening complications, generate more than 5 billion in
annual treatment costs, and have an estimated 50 mortality rate within 6 to 12 months. The U.S. FDA has not approved any drug to treat
refractory ascites. 

The
BIV201 development program was initiated by LAT Pharma LLC. On April 11, 2016, the Company acquired LAT Pharma LLC and the rights to
its BIV201 development program. The Company currently owns all development and marketing rights to this drug candidate. Pursuant to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger entered into on April 11, 2016, between our predecessor entities, LAT Pharma LLC and NanoAntibiotics, Inc.,
BioVie is obligated to pay a low single digit royalty on net sales of BIV201 (continuous infusion terlipressin) to be shared among LAT
Pharma Members, PharmaIn Corporation, and The Barrett Edge, Inc. 

Neurodegenerative
Disease Program 

The Company is conducting a potentially pivotal
Phase 3 randomized, double blind, placebo controlled, parallel group, multicenter study to evaluate NE3107 in patients who have mild to
moderate AD (NCT04669028). The study has co-primary endpoints looking at cognition using the Alzheimer s Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive
Scale (ADAS-Cog 12) and function using the Alzheimer s Disease Cooperative Study-Clinical Global Impression of Change (ADCS-CGIC).
The program is fully enrolled and is targeting primary completion in the fourth quarter of the calendar 2023 year. 

The Company supported a Phase 2 exploratory biomarker
study (Investigator-Initiated Trial in MCI and Mild Alzheimer s Disease, NCT05227820) showing that patients treated with NE3107
experienced improved cognition as measured by a modified ADAS-Cog12 score, reduced TNF- a (i.e.,
inflammation) in a manner that s correlated to improvements in cognition, reduced CSF p-tau levels and the ratio of p-tau to A b 42 ,
and imaging findings suggestive of improved neuronal health. Despite the open-label nature of the exploratory study, the emerging data
and correlations provide encouraging signs of what we may see in the upcoming Phase 3 data reveal. The Phase 2 Study enrolled a total
of 23 patients 17 patients with Mini-Mental State Examination MMSE scores greater than or equal to 20 (i.e., MCI
to mild AD) and 6 patients with MMSE 

NE3107
 showed the potential to enhance cognition as measured by multiple assessment tools, including
 a 2.1 point improvement (p=0.0173) on the modified ADAS-Cog12 scale equating to a 21.1 (p=0.0079)
 change compared to baseline, a 0.11 point improvement (p=0.0416) on the Clinical Dementia
 Rating scale (CDR), equating to 19.4 (p=0.0416) change from baseline, and a 0.07 point improvement
 in the ADCOMS scale, equating to 27.4 improvement (p=0.009). 

NE3107
reduced CSF phospho-tau levels by -1.66 pg/mL (p=0.0343) and the ratio of p-tau to A b 42
 by -0.0024 (p=0.0401) 

18
 of 22 patients with abnormal baseline scans showed improvement in one or more brain regions
 as seen from advanced functional MRI studies. 

No
 drug-related adverse events were observed. 

 Other potential NE3107 effects on biomarkers of
aging-related disease states were indicated. Blood samples were taken from the patients who participated in the investigator-initiated
Alzheimer s Phase 2 trial before and after three months of treatment with NE3107, and these samples were analyzed to assess NE3107 s
potential to alter DNA methylation associated with epigenetic biological clocks. The resulting data for patients
treated with NE3107 for three months showed an average reduction of 3.3 years (p=0.0021) on the Horvath DNA methylation SkinBlood clock.
Furthermore, 19 out of the 22 patients experienced a reduction in the SkinBlood clock score. 

2 

In July 2023, the Company presented a poster detailing
the epigenetic basis for how its drug candidate NE3107 may have the potential to regulate methylation of specific genes in a manner that
significantly correlated with observed cognitive and biomarker improvements at the Alzheimer s Associate s International Conference
(AAIC) held in Amsterdam from July 16 through July 20, 2023. 

The poster presentation titled Treatment-Induced
Epigenetic Modifications in MCI and Probable Alzheimer s (Reading C, et al.), showed how patients with clinical dementia treated
with NE3107 for three months saw significant reductions in the level of DNA methylation, and that such reductions were, in some cases,
significantly correlated with observed improvements in various cognitive measures (e.g., ADAS-Cog11, CDR, ADCOMS, QDRS) and biomarkers
(including TNF , CSF p-Tau/A 42 , precuneus glutathione). 

Inflammation has been shown to be associated with
the hypermethylation of our DNA, [1] which in turn has been shown to impact a wide range of diseases, including various forms
of cancers, [2] age-related cognitive impairment and dementia, [3] Parkinson s disease, [4] cardiovascular
disease, [3,5] COPD and respiratory disease, [6] chronic kidney disease, [7] inflammatory bowel disease, [8] 
sepsis, [9] and many others. The new data to be presented details how NE3107 may potentially change or affect the degree of
methylation of specific genes that are correlated with various markers of disease. 

About
Inflammation and NE3107 s Mechanism of Action 

Neuroinflammation,
insulin resistance, and oxidative stress are common features in the major neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer s Disease
(AD), Parkinson s Disease (PD), frontotemporal lobar dementia, and Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ALS ). NE3107 is
an orally bioavailable, blood-brain permeable, small molecule, with potential anti-inflammatory, insulin sensitizing, and ERK-binding
properties that may allow it to selectively inhibit ERK-, NF B- and TNF-stimulated inflammation. NE3107 s potential to inhibit
neuroinflammation and insulin resistance forms the basis for the Company s work testing the molecule in AD and PD patients. 

Parallels exist between AD and
PD, among them activated microglia driving inflammation, involvement of TNF , oxidative stress, protein misfolding, mitochondrial
dysfunction, and insulin resistance. In preclinical and clinical studies, NE3107 reduced inflammation and enhanced insulin sensitivity,
both of which are important to PD pathology. Preclinical studies in marmoset monkeys have shown NE3107 administered alone to be as pro-motoric
as levodopa, underscoring the apparently critical role of inflammation in expression of PD motor symptoms. When NE3107 was administered
with levodopa, the combination improved motor control better than either drug alone. Furthermore, in the marmoset study, NE3107 reduced
the severity of levodopa induced dyskinesia LID concurrent with pro-motoric benefit and decreased neurodegeneration, preserving twice
as many dopaminergic neurons compared to control. 

Alzheimer s
Disease 

Alzheimer s
disease (AD), which affects an estimated 6 million Americans, is a neuroinflammatory and neurodegenerative condition characterized by
progressive deterioration of cognitive function and loss of short-term memory and executive function. Cognitive tests quantifying AD
severity have been exhaustively developed. Formal diagnosis of AD has historically been dependent on the presence of extraneuronal amyloid
beta (A plaques, which can only be observed at autopsy or with the aid of sophisticated radioimaging techniques. However, diagnostic
methods have recently been approved that quantify A in peripheral blood and correlate well with imaging results. A plaques
can also be found in people without apparent AD symptoms, which has cast doubt about the role of A as the central mediator of disease
pathology. 

Scientific
investigations in the past twenty years have provided strong evidence that inflammation, type 2 diabetes (T2D), and inflammation-driven
insulin resistance are drivers of AD. The link between these factors and cognitive impairment are described by relatively new terms,
type 3 diabetes and metabolic-cognitive syndrome. 

1 Stenvinkel
 P doi: 10.1111/j.1365-2796.2007.01777.x 

2 Wang
 Z Nucleic Acids Research, 2020, Vol. 48, No. 5 

3 Sugden K Neurology 2022;99:e1402-e1413 

4 Tang X DOI: 10.1002/mds.29157 

5 Tabaeia S Artificial Cells, Nanomedicine,
 and Biotechnology, 47:1, 2031-2041 

6 Qiu W Am J Respir Crit Care Med 
 Vol 185, Iss. 4, pp 373 381, Feb 15, 2012 

7 Rysz C Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2022,
 23(13), 7108 

8 Kraiczy J Mucosal Immunology volume
 9, pages 647 658 (2016) 

9 Rump K Sci Rep
 9, 18511 (2019) 

3 

A large body of evidence supports inflammation
as a primary driver of pathology in AD. The major inflammation signaling node, NFkB, and the cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) are
important initiators of inflammatory signaling in AD pathology. NE3107 is believed to inhibit extracellular signal regulated kinase (ERK)/NFkB
activation and TNF production stimulated by inflammatory mediators, such as lipopolysaccharide. Inhibition of NFkB activation and TNF
production from this type of stimulation has broad potential implications for reduction of pathological peripheral and central nervous
system (CNS) inflammatory signaling in AD, which include reduction of inflammation-driven insulin resistance, decreased inflammatory cell
infiltration into the CNS, and decreased microglia activation. Reduction of systemic inflammation and inflammation-driven insulin resistance
are also predicted to have beneficial effects on hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis dysregulation and hippocampal dysregulation
of cortisol secretion that are consequences of adipose inflammation and insulin resistance, and are known to promote cognitive impairment,
and are also forward-feeding for insulin resistance. 

Inflammation, insulin resistance, and associated
metabolic dysregulation in the brain contribute to A oligomerization and aggregation, phospho-tau formation, reduced neuron survival
stimulus, and a forward-feeding cycle of neuronal energy deficit and oxidative stress, causing neuronal dysfunction (cognitive impairment)
and neurodegeneration. We believe NE3107 s combination of anti-inflammatory and insulin sensitizing activity has the potential to
disrupt this forward-feeding cycle of AD pathology. 

Insulin has a major role in metabolic regulation
and neuron survival, while insulin resistance and T2D are closely linked to AD pathology. Insulin signaling is involved in synaptic plasticity,
learning, and memory. Exogenous insulin enhances cognition in normal and cognitively impaired subjects. Insulin resistance is linked to
cognitive impairment. 

The multifactorial influence of insulin signaling
on neuron survival and cognition suggests that correction of insulin signaling deficits with NE3107 in the target population may provide
significant benefits on both cognition and disease progression. Additional rationale for targeting metabolic dysregulation with NE3107
has come from recent work showing that peripheral insulin resistance promotes insulin resistance and senescence in the CNS. 

There is also an extensive literature on the complex
role of adipose tissue inflammation in systemic inflammation, insulin resistance, hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPA) dysregulation
and chronic cortisol excess in cognitive impairment in AD. Obesity and inflammation are closely linked in expanding adipose tissue, where
the production of inflammatory cytokines and increased cortisol are driven though up-regulation of 11 -hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase
type 1 and adipocyte mineralocorticoid receptor activation. Inflamed adipose tissue interacts with the HPA axis and hippocampus to increase
systemic cortisol, and promote hippocampal inflammation through chronically elevated cortisol, which freely penetrates the blood-brain
barrier. Hyperglycemia (secondary to insulin resistance) exacerbates adrenal cortisol production and promotes forward feeding of inflammation
and HPA-hippocampal dysregulation. 

Systemic inflammation from inflamed adipose and
associated mononuclear cells, promotes CNS inflammation with associated cognitive decline and neurodegeneration. We believe NE3107 s
anti-inflammatory activity against systemic/adipose inflammation and factors that dysregulate cortisol secretion, such as hyperglycemia,
has the potential to decrease cognitive impairment and neurodegenerative mechanisms that have been linked to cortisol excess. 

Parkinson s
Disease 

The Company completed its Phase 2 study assessing
NE3107 in Parkinson s disease patients in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2022. The NM201 study (NCT05083260) was a double-blind,
placebo-controlled, safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics study in Parkinson s disease (PD) participants treated with carbidopa/levodopa
and NE3107. Forty-five patients with a defined L-dopa morning off state were randomized 1:1 to placebo:NE3107 20 mg twice
daily for 28 days. The trial was launched with two design objectives: 1) the primary objective was safety and a drug-drug interaction
study (as requested by FDA) to demonstrate the absence of adverse interactions of NE3107 with levodopa; and 2) the secondary objective
was to determine if preclinical indications of promotoric activity and apparent enhancement of levodopa activity observed in a PD model
in monkeys can be seen in humans. Both objectives were met. Highlighted results of the study were: 

Patients
 treated with NE3107 + C/L experienced greater improvements in their Motor Disease Society-
 Unified Parkinson s Disease Rating Scale (MDS UPDRS) Part III score than patients treated
 with placebo + C/L at the 2- and 3-hour marks after administration of the first daily
 dose of C/L. 

Patients

4 

Five
 (26 of the 19 patients treated with NE3107, compared to none of the 19 placebo treated
 patients, who had a baseline of morning OFF experienced a morning ON state prior to receiving
 their morning medications on day 28; this difference was statistically significant (p=0.046). 

The
 study met its endpoints; investigators concluded that NE3107 + C/L combination treatment
 was associated with clinically meaningful and superior improvements (3+ points) on the motor
 examination part (Part III) of the MDS UPDRS. 

NE3107
 produced statistically significant improvements in nonmotor symptoms scale assessments (NMSS)
 for fatigue (Q4) p=0.02, urge to move legs (Q6) p=0.0036, and saliva dribbling (Q19) p= 0.0395. 

Neuroinflammation and activation of brain microglia,
leading to increased proinflammatory cytokines (particularly TNF) that play a pivotal role in PD, which affects an estimated 1 million
Americans. Multiple daily administrations of levodopa (converted to dopamine in the brain) is the current standard of care treatment for
this movement disorder, but prolonged daily administration leads to side effects of uncontrolled movements called levodopa-induced dyskinesia,
commonly referred to as LID. Recent evidence demonstrates that daily administration of levodopa further increases neuroinflammation, microglia
activation, and TNF inflammatory damage in neurons. 

We
have shown in a mouse model of PD that NE3107 decreases inflammation and TNF in the brain and increases neuron survival (Nicoletti, 2012
Parkinson s Disease 969418.) In this neurotoxin induced model, NE3107 decreased clinical signs of disease and neuronal death compared
to placebo treated mice. 

An
unpublished study in a neurotoxin induced marmoset model of Parkinson s disease reported that administration of NE3107 decreased
movement abnormalities that are the clinical signs of the disease. In the same study, NE3107 in combination with levodopa had a stronger
effect on clinical signs of disease than levodopa or NE3107 alone, while marmosets treated with NE3107 developed less LID. NE3107-treated
monkeys also exhibited neuroprotective activity that promoted the survival of twice as many neurons in the substantia nigra (primary
region of the brain that degenerates to cause parkinsonism) as monkeys treated with placebo. The results from the marmoset study suggest
that NE3107 may decrease clinical signs of disease in humans (improve motor function), which if true could enable a straightforward clinical
development strategy to test NE3107 in PD patients needing promotoric therapy. 

If
approved as a promotoric agent, NE3107 would provide a non-dopaminergic alternative to Parkinson s patients, and an opportunity
to significantly delay the need to start levodopa therapy. This could represent a first step toward supplanting levodopa as the primary
PD therapy, and in addition to delaying the emergence of LID, could also imply a slowing of disease progression, the most important and
still unmet objective of PD drug development. 

5 

Liver Cirrhosis Program 

BioVie s orphan drug candidate BIV201 (continuous
infusion terlipressin) represents a novel approach to the treatment of ascites due to chronic liver cirrhosis. Ascites is a common complication
of advanced liver cirrhosis involving the accumulation of large volumes of fluid in the abdomen, often exceeding five liters, due to liver
and kidney dysfunction. The FDA has never approved a drug to treat ascites, and once patients reach the refractory stage the estimated
one-year survival rate is only approximately 50 [10] . BIV201 is a continuous infusion of terlipressin, a drug used in over
40 countries to treat related complications of liver cirrhosis (Type 1 hepatorenal syndrome and bleeding esophageal varices) that was
recently approved in the U.S. but is not approved in Japan. With the novel room temperature stable formulation in a pre-filled syringe,
BIV201 could potentially provide a superior terlipressin drug delivery system throughout the world. The goal of BIV201 therapy is to interrupt
the ascites disease pathway, thereby halting the cycle of accelerated fluid generation in ascites patients. 

In a series of interactions between June
2019 and April 2020, representatives of BioVie and the FDA communicated regarding the design and endpoints for the Phase 2 study (NCT04112199). 

In June 2021, the Company initiated a Phase 2
study (NCT04112199) designed to evaluate the efficacy of BIV201 (terlipressin, administered by continuous infusion for two 28-day treatment
cycles) combined with standard-of-care SOC ), compared to SOC alone, for the treatment of refractory ascites. The primary
endpoints of the study are the incidence of ascites-related complications and change in ascites fluid accumulation during treatment compared
to a pre-treatment period. 

In March 2023 the company announced enrolment
was paused and that data from the first 15 patients treated with BIV201 plus SOC appeared to show a 34 reduction in ascites fluid during
the 28 days after treatment initiation compared to the 28 days prior to treatment (p=0.0046). This improvement was significantly different
from those patients receiving SOC treatment. Patients who completed the treatment with BIV201 experienced a 53 reduction in ascites fluid
(p=0.001), which was sustained during the three months after treatment initiation as compared to the three-month pre-treatment period
(43 reduction, p=0.06). 

In June 2023, the Company requested guidance from
the FDA regarding the design and endpoints for definitive clinical testing of BIV201 for the treatment of ascites due to chronic liver
cirrhosis. FDA accepted the request and intends to send written comments in the third quarter of calendar year 2023. 

10 Bureau
 et al. 2017 

6 

Our proprietary novel liquid formulation of terlipressin
in a prefilled syringe is designed to improve convenience for outpatient administration and avoid potential formulation errors when pharmacists
reconstitute the current powder version of terlipressin. To date, analytical testing results have confirmed room temperature stability
of the prefilled syringe in storage for 18 months, with the potential for up two years stability. Room temperature storage presents a
key product differentiation versus terlipressin products in countries where the drug is approved. To the best of the Company s knowledge,
all other terlipressin products sold globally must be stored under refrigeration and there is no prefilled syringe format of terlipressin
available for treating patients in these countries. BioVie has also filed a Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT application
covering our novel liquid formulations of terlipressin (international patent application PCT/US2020/034269, published as WO2020/237170)
and we plan to seek patent protection in at least the U.S., Europe, China, Japan and other jurisdictions. 

BIV201 (continuous infusion terlipressin) has
the potential to improve the health of thousands of patients suffering from life-threatening complications of liver cirrhosis due to hepatitis,
nonalcoholic steatohepatitis NASH ), and alcoholism. The FDA has granted Fast-Track status and Orphan Drug designation for
the most common of these complications, ascites, which represents a significant unmet medical need. Patients with cirrhosis and ascites
account for an estimated 116,000 U.S. hospital discharges annually, with frequent early readmissions. According to the HCUP Nationwide
Readmissions Database 2016, those requiring paracentesis (removal of ascites fluid) experience an average hospital stay lasting eight
days incurring over 86,000 in medical costs. This translates into a total potentially addressable ascites market size for BIV201 therapy
exceeding 650 million based on Company estimates. The FDA has never approved any drug specifically for treating ascites. For patients
with refractory ascites the mean one-year survival rate is only 50 (Bureau et al. 2017 ). BIV201 has also received Orphan Drug
designation for hepatorenal syndrome HRS ). Patients with refractory ascites often progress to HRS which is the onset of
kidney failure and requires emergency hospitalization. 

The BIV201 development program began at LAT Pharma
LLC. On April 11, 2016, we acquired LAT Pharma LLC and the rights to its BIV201 development program and currently own all development
and marketing rights to the product candidate. We and PharmaIN, LAT Pharma s former partner focused on the development of new modified
product candidates in the same therapeutic field but not including BIV201, have agreed to pay royalties equal to less than 1 of future
net sales of each company s ascites drug development programs, or if such program is licensed to a third party, less than 5 of
each company s net license revenues. On December 24, 2018, we returned our partial ownership rights to the PharmaIN modified terlipressin
development program and simultaneously paid the remaining balance due on a related debt. PharmaIN s rights to our program remain
unchanged. 

About Ascites and Liver Cirrhosis 

Cirrhosis is a leading cause of death in the U.S.
The condition results primarily from hepatitis, alcoholism, and fatty liver disease linked to obesity. Ascites is a common complication
of advanced liver cirrhosis, involving kidney dysfunction and the accumulation of large amounts of fluid in the abdominal cavity. 

The Need for an Ascites Therapy 

With no medications approved by the FDA specifically
for treating ascites, an estimated 40 of patients die within two years of diagnosis. Certain drugs approved for other uses such as diuretics
may provide initial relief, but patients may fail to respond to treatment as ascites worsens. This represents a critical unmet medical
need, reflected by the Fast Track designation granted to BIV201 by the FDA as a treatment for ascites refractory to or intolerant of diuretic
therapy. U.S. treatment costs for liver cirrhosis, including ascites and other complications, are estimated at more than 5 billion annually. 

7 

The
Ascites Development Pathway 

Most
experts agree that ascites develops through a sequence of events illustrated by the above diagram. High blood pressure in the vein that
supplies blood to the liver, called portal hypertension, occurs as increasing liver damage (fibrosis) impedes blood flow
through the liver. This causes vasodilation and blood pooling in the central or splanchnic region of the body and
low blood volume in the arteries. The decrease in effective blood volume activates a signaling pathway neurohormonal systems which tells the kidneys to retain large amounts of salt and water in an effort to increase blood volume. Ultimately the retention of
excess sodium and water leads to the formation of ascites as these substances weep from the liver and lymph system and
collect in the patient s abdomen. 

The
BIV201 Proposed Mechanism of Action 

BIV201
is being developed with the goal of alleviating portal hypertension and correcting splanchnic vasodilation, thereby increasing effective
blood volume and reducing the signals to the kidneys to retain excess salt and water. If successful, BIV201 could halt the
cycle of accelerating fluid generation in ascites patients and reduce the need for the frequent and painful paracentesis procedures many
of these patients currently require. 

8 

Future
Possible BIV201 Indications 

Based on international investigative studies of
the active agent in BIV201, terlipressin, we believe our drug candidate has potential future applications in other life-threatening conditions
due to liver cirrhosis. Securing marketing approvals for any of these new uses will require well-controlled clinical trials to satisfy
the FDA and/or other countries regulatory requirements, none of which have commenced at this time. The Company continues to evaluate
other indications for the use of terlipressin continuous infusion. BioVie will discuss such indications if and when selected for testing. 

Intellectual Property 

BIV201 

BioVie relies on a combination of patent, trade
secret, other intellectual property laws (such as FDA data exclusivity), nondisclosure agreements, and other measures to protect our proposed
products. We require our employees, consultants, and advisors to execute confidentiality agreements and to agree to disclose and assign
to us all inventions conceived during the workday, using our property, or which relate to our business. Despite any measures taken to
protect our intellectual property (IP), unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information
that we regard as proprietary. 

BIV201 was awarded Orphan Drug Designations in
the U.S. for the treatment of hepatorenal syndrome (received November 21, 2018) and treatment of ascites due to all etiologies except
cancer (received September 8, 2016). We also filed a PCT application covering our novel liquid formulations of terlipressin (international
patent application PCT/US2020/034269, published as WO2020/237170) and are seeking patent protection in at least the U.S., Europe, China,
Japan and other jurisdictions. Also, we own U.S. Patent 11,364,277, which is directed to a method of treating ascites with BIV201, and
we are pursuing similar patent coverage in Japan, Europe, and China. 

9 

NE3107 and related compounds 

As
of August 15, 2023, we have fifteen (15) issued U.S. patents, six (6) pending U.S. patent applications, one (1) pending U.S. PCT application
and six (6) issued foreign patents directed to protecting NE3107 and related compounds and methods of making and using thereof. The U.S.
patents and pending patent applications and their projected expiration dates are provided below. 

Title
 
 Patent
 Application 
 Number 
 Patent
 
 Number 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Steroids
 Having 7-Oxygen and 17-Heteroaryl Substitution 
 13/095,528 
 14/027,825 
 14/027,842 
 8,569,275 
 9,102,702 
 9,115,168 
 2/14/2024 
 3/28/2024 
 3/28/2024 
 
 Unsaturated
 Steroid Compounds 
 13/030,326 
 8,586,770 
 6/2/2026 
 
 Solid
 State Forms of a Pharmaceutical 
 12/418,559 
 8,252,947 
 4/18/2030 
 
 Crystalline
 Anhydrate Forms of a Pharmaceutical 
 14/459,528 
 15/348,107 
 16/598,694 
 17/240,728 
 9,555,046 
 9,850,271 
 10,995,112 
 pending 
 4/3/2029 
 4/3/2029 
 4/3/2029 

Pharmaceutical
 Solid State Forms 
 12/370,510 
 8,518,922 
 9/24/2031 
 
 Methods
 of Preparing Pharmaceutical Solid State Forms 
 13/919,593 
 9,314,471 
 6/28/2029 
 
 Steroid
 Tetrol Solid State Forms 
 12/272,767 
 8,486,926 
 1/10/2030 
 
 Drug
 Identification and Treatment Method 
 11/941,936 
 8,354,396 
 7/7/2031 
 
 Method
 For Preparing Substituted 3,7-Dihydroxy Steroids 
 13/664,304 
 14/886,738 
 9,163,059 
 9,994,608 
 6/5/2029 
 6/5/2029 
 
 Treatment
 Methods Using Pharmaceutical Solid State Forms 
 14/459,493 
 9,877,972 
 4/3/2029 
 
 Compositions
 for Treatment of Neurodegenerative Conditions 
 PCT/US2022/027294 
 pending 

Methods
 for the Treatment of Mild Cognitive Impairment 
 63/374631 
 pending 

Methods
 for the Treatment of Mild Cognitive Impairment 
 63/498703 
 pending 

Assay
 and Methods for Drug Discovery 
 63/479973 
 pending 

Methods
 for the Treatment of Biological Aging 
 63/381521 
 pending 

Methods
 for the Treatment of Biological Aging 
 63/508856 
 pending 

Foreign
 counterparts issued in Australia, Canada, Europe and South Korea expire 4/3/2029. 

Foreign
 counterparts issued in Europe and Japan expire 6/5/2029. 

Government
Regulation 

Government
authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things,
the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion,
advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of products such as those we are developing.
Any pharmaceutical candidate that we develop must be approved by the FDA before it may be legally marketed in the United States and by
the appropriate foreign regulatory agency before it may be legally marketed in foreign countries. 

United
States Drug Development Process 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and implements regulations. Drugs
are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. Biologics are subject to regulation by the FDA under the
FDCA, the Public Health Service Act, or the PHSA, and related regulations, and other federal, state and local statutes and regulations.
Biological products include, among other things, viruses, therapeutic serums, vaccines and most protein products. The process of obtaining
regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require
the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable United States requirements at any
time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial
sanctions. FDA sanctions could include refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters,
product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government
contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material
adverse effect on us. 

10 

The
process required by the FDA before a drug or biological product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

Completion
 of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to Good Laboratory Practices or other applicable
 regulations; 

Submission
 to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application, or an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

Performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA s current good clinical practices, or GCPs, to establish
 the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug or biologic for its intended use; 

Submission
 to the FDA of a New Drug Application, or an NDA, for a new drug product, or a Biologics License Application, or a BLA, for a new
 biological product; 

Satisfactory
 completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug or biologic is to be produced to assess
 compliance with the FDA s current good manufacturing practice standards, or cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and
 controls are adequate to preserve the drug s or biologic s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

Potential
 FDA audit of the nonclinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA or BLA; and 

FDA
 review and approval of the NDA or BLA. 

The
lengthy process of seeking required approvals and the continuing need for compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require
the expenditure of substantial resources. There can be no certainty that approvals will be granted. 

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the drug or biological candidate to healthy volunteers or patients having the disease being studied
under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control. Clinical
trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject
selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA
as part of the IND. Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s good clinical practices requirements. Further,
each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, at or servicing each institution
at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers
such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated
benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative
and must monitor the clinical trial until it is completed. 

Human
clinical trials prior to approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 

Phase 1. The
 drug or biologic is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism,
 distribution and excretion. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may
 be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients having
 the specific disease. 

Phase 2. The
 drug or biologic is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily
 evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing
 schedule for patients having the specific disease. 

Phase 3. Clinical
 trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically
 dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials, which usually involve more subjects than earlier trials, are intended to establish
 the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Generally, at least two adequate
 and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials are required by the FDA for approval of an NDA or BLA. 

Post-approval
studies, or Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These studies are used to gain additional
experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and may be required by the FDA as part of the approval
process. 

11 

Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must
be submitted to the FDA by the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events or any finding from tests in laboratory animals
that suggests a significant risk for human subjects. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed
successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend a clinical
trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable
health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not
being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug or biologic has been associated with unexpected serious
harm to patients. 

Concurrent
with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the chemistry and
physical characteristics of the drug or biologic as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities
in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug
or biological candidate and, among other things, must include methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final
drug or biologic. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate
that the drug or biological candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

U.S.
Review and Approval Processes 

The
results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical
tests conducted on the chemistry of the drug or biologic, proposed labeling and other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as
part of an NDA or BLA requesting approval to market the product. The submission of an NDA or BLA is subject to the payment of substantial
user fees; a waiver of such fees may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. 

The
FDA reviews all NDAs and BLAs submitted before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting
an NDA or BLA for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA or BLA. 

After
the NDA or BLA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product
is safe and effective for its intended use, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve
the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether the product
is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packaged or held meets standards designed to assure
the product s continued safety, purity and potency. In addition to its own review, the FDA may refer applications for novel drug
or biological products or drug or biological products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee,
typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application
should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers
such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a risk evaluation
and mitigation strategy, or REMS, is necessary to assure the safe use of the drug or biologic. If the FDA concludes that a REMS is needed,
the sponsor of the NDA or BLA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the NDA or BLA without a REMS, if required. 

Before
approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is to be manufactured. The FDA will not approve the
product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to
assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will
typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with cGMP. If the FDA determines the application, manufacturing process
or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing
or information. 

12 

The
NDA or BLA review and approval process is lengthy and difficult and the FDA may refuse to approve an NDA or BLA if the applicable regulatory
criteria are not satisfied or may require additional clinical data or other data and information. Even if such data and information is
submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical
trials are not always conclusive and may be susceptible to varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval.
The FDA will issue a complete response letter if the agency decides not to approve the NDA or BLA. The complete response
letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA or BLA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be
minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical trials. Additionally, the complete
response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If
a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA or BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified
in the letter, or withdraw the application. 

If
a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise
be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings
or precautions be included in the product labeling. In addition, the FDA may require Phase 4 testing which involves clinical trials
designed to further assess a product s safety and effectiveness and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the
safety of approved products that have been commercialized. 

Orphan
Drug Designation 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition,
which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals
in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug or biological product
available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan product designation
must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan product designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent
and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan product designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten
the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 

If
a product that has Orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such
designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to
market the same drug or biological product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing
of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity. Competitors, however, may receive approval of different products for
the indication for which the Orphan product has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication for
which the Orphan product has exclusivity. Orphan product exclusivity also could block the approval of one of our products for seven years
if a competitor obtains approval of the same drug or biological product as defined by the FDA or if our drug or biological candidate
is determined to be contained within the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. If a drug or biological product
designated as an orphan product receives marketing approval for an indication broader than what is designated, it may not be entitled
to orphan product exclusivity. Orphan Drug status in the European Union has similar but not identical benefits in the European Union. 

Expedited
Development and Review Programs 

The
FDA has a Fast Track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drug and biological products that
meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drug and biological products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to
treat a serious or life-threatening condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast Track
designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. Unique to a Fast Track
product, the FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA or BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted,
if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the NDA or BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the NDA
or BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section
of the NDA or BLA. 

13 

Any
product submitted to the FDA for marketing approval, including those submitted to a Fast Track program, may also be eligible for other
types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. Any product is eligible
for priority review if it has the potential to provide safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or
a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared with marketed products. The FDA will attempt
to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new drug or biological product designated for priority review
in an effort to facilitate the review. Additionally, a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Drug or biological products
studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic
benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval, which means that they may be approved on the basis of adequate and
well-controlled clinical studies establishing that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict
a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an effect on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity. As a condition
of approval, the FDA generally requires that a sponsor of a drug or biological product receiving accelerated approval perform adequate
and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies to establish safety and efficacy for the approved indication. Failure to conduct
such studies or conducting such studies that do not establish the required safety and efficacy may result in revocation of the original
approval. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which
could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch or subsequent marketing of the product. Fast Track designation, priority review
and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

Any
drug or biological products for which we receive FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other
things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy
information on an annual basis or as required more frequently for specific events, product sampling and distribution requirements, complying
with certain electronic records and signature requirements and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include,
among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, prohibitions against promoting drugs and biologics for uses or in patient
populations that are not described in the drug s or biologic s approved labeling (known as off-label use ),
rules for conducting industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and promotional activities involving the internet. Failure
to comply with FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including the immediate discontinuation of noncomplying materials, adverse
publicity, enforcement letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties.
Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs and biologics for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such
off-label uses. 

We
will need to rely on third parties for the production of our product candidates. Manufacturers of our product candidates are required
to comply with applicable FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the FDA s cGMP regulations. cGMP regulations require among
other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of comprehensive records and documentation.
Drug and biologic manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs and biologics are also
required to register their establishments and list any products made there with the FDA and comply with related requirements in certain
states, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other
laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain
cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in serious and extensive restrictions on a product, manufacturer,
or holder of an approved NDA or BLA, including suspension of a product until the FDA is assured that quality standards can be met, continuing
oversight of manufacturing by the FDA under a consent decree, which frequently includes the imposition of costs and continuing
inspections over a period of many years, and possible withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing
process generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented and other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding
new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. 

The
FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, risk minimization action plans and surveillance to monitor
the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could otherwise restrict the distribution or use of the product. 

Employees 

Our
business is managed by our officers who consist of Mr. Cuong Do, Chief Executive Officer President; Dr Joseph M Columbo, Executive
Vice President -Chief Medical Officer; and Wendy Kim, our Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. These individuals devote their
full-time efforts to the Company activities. The Company has 18 employees which are all full time. We also rely on a team of highly experienced
scientific, medical, and regulatory consultants to conduct its product development activities. 

14 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

Our business, financial condition, operating results
and prospects are subject to the following risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently foreseeable to us may also impair our
business operations. If any of the following risks or the risks described elsewhere in this report actually occurs, our business, financial
condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our Company s Class A
Common Stock, par value 0.0001 Common Stock Common Stock could decline, and our stockholders may lose all or part of
their investment in the shares of our Common Stock. 

This
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements can be identified by the use of
forward-looking terminology such as believes, expects, intends, plans, may, 
 will, should, predict or anticipation or the negative thereof or other variations
thereon or comparable terminology. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward- looking statements as
a result of certain factors, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

We
have no products approved for commercial sale, have never generated any revenues and may never achieve revenues or profitability, which
could cause us to cease operations. 

We
have no products approved for commercial sale and, to date, we have not generated any revenue. Our ability to generate revenue depends
heavily on (a) successful completion of one or more development programs demonstrating in human clinical trials that BIV201 and NE3107,
our product candidates, are safe and effective; (b) our ability to seek and obtain regulatory approvals, including, without limitation,
with respect to the indications we are seeking; (c) successful commercialization of our product candidates; and (d) market acceptance
of our products. There are no assurances that we will achieve any of the forgoing objectives. Furthermore, our product candidates are
in the development stage, and have not been fully evaluated in human clinical trials. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize
our product candidates we will not achieve revenues or profitability in the foreseeable future, if at all. If we are unable to generate
revenues or achieve profitability, we may be unable to continue our operations. 

We
are a development stage company with a limited operating history, making it difficult for you to evaluate our business and your investment. 

BioVie
Inc. was incorporated on April 10, 2013. We are a development stage biopharmaceutical company with potential therapies that have not
been fully evaluated in clinical trials, and our operations are subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business
enterprise, including but not limited to the absence of an operating history, the lack of commercialized products, insufficient capital,
expected substantial and continual losses for the foreseeable future, limited experience in dealing with regulatory issues, the lack
of manufacturing experience and limited marketing experience, possible reliance on third parties for the development and commercialization
of our proposed products, a competitive environment characterized by numerous, well-established and well capitalized competitors and
reliance on key personnel. 

15 

Since
inception, we have not established any revenues or operations that would provide financial stability in the long term, and there can
be no assurance that we will realize our plans on our projected timetable in order to reach sustainable or profitable operations. 

Investors
are subject to all the risks incident to the creation and development of a new business and each investor should be prepared to withstand
a complete loss of his, her or its investment. Furthermore, the accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we
will continue as a going concern. We have not emerged from the development stage, and may be unable to raise further equity. These factors
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Because
we are subject to these risks, you may have a difficult time evaluating our business and your investment in our Company. Our ability
to become profitable depends primarily on our ability to develop drugs, to obtain approval for such drugs, and if approved, to successfully
commercialize our drugs, our research and development R D efforts, including the timing and cost of clinical trials;
and our ability to enter into favorable alliances with third-parties who can provide substantial capabilities in clinical development,
regulatory affairs, sales, marketing and distribution. 

Even
if we successfully develop and market BIV201 and/or NE3107, we may not generate sufficient or sustainable revenue to achieve or sustain
profitability, which could cause us to cease operations and cause you to lose all of your investment. 

If
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities approve generic versions of any of our product candidates that receive marketing
approval, or such authorities do not grant our products sufficient, or any, periods of exclusivity before approving generic versions
of our products, the sales of our products could be adversely affected. 

Once
a new drug application (NDA) is approved, the product covered thereby becomes a reference listed drug or
RLD, in the FDA s publication, Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as
the Orange Book. Other manufacturers may seek approval of generic versions of reference listed drugs through submission of abbreviated
new drug applications ANDAs in the United States. In support of an ANDA, a generic manufacturer need not conduct clinical
trials. Rather, the applicant generally must show that its product has the same active ingredient(s), dosage form, strength, route of
administration and conditions of use or labeling as the reference listed drug and that the generic version is bioequivalent to the reference
listed drug, meaning it is absorbed in the body at the same rate and to the same extent as the RLD. Generic products may be significantly
less costly to bring to market than the reference listed drug and companies that produce generic products are generally able to offer
them at lower prices. Moreover, generic versions of RLDs are often automatically substituted for the RLD by pharmacies when dispensing
a prescription written for the RLD. Thus, following the introduction of a generic drug, a significant percentage of the sales of any
branded product or reference listed drug is typically lost to the generic product. 

The
FDA may not approve an ANDA for a generic product until any applicable period of non-patent exclusivity for the reference listed drug
has expired. The United States Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) provides a period of five years of non-patent
exclusivity for a new drug containing a new chemical entity NCE ). An NCE is an active ingredient that has not previously
been approved by FDA in any other NDA. Specifically, in cases where such exclusivity has been granted, an ANDA may not be submitted to
the FDA until the expiration of five years unless the submission is accompanied by a Paragraph IV certification that a patent covering
the reference listed drug is either invalid or will not be infringed by the generic product, in which case the applicant may submit its
application four years following approval of the reference listed drug. If an ANDA is submitted to FDA with a Paragraph IV Certification,
the generic applicant must also provide a Paragraph IV Notification to the holder of the NDA for the RLD and to the owner
of the listed patent(s) being challenged by the ANDA applicant, providing a detailed written statement of the basis for the ANDA applicant s
position that the relevant patent(s) is invalid or would not be infringed. If the patent owner brings a patent infringement lawsuit against
the ANDA applicant within 45 days of the Paragraph IV Notification, FDA approval of the ANDA will be automatically stayed for 30 months,
or until 7-1/2 years after the NDA approval if the generic application was filed between 4 years and 5 years after the NDA approval.
Any such stay will be terminated earlier if the court rules that the patent is invalid or would not be infringed. 

16 

Competition
that our products may face from generic versions of our products could materially and adversely impact our future revenue, profitability
and cash flows and substantially limit our ability to obtain a return on the investments we have made in those product candidates. 

If
we fail to obtain or maintain Orphan Drug exclusivity for BIV201, we will have to rely on other potential marketing exclusivity, and
on our intellectual property rights, which may reduce the length of time that we can prevent competitors from selling generic versions
of BIV201. 

We
have obtained Orphan Drug Designation for BIV201 (terlipressin) in the U.S. for the treatment of hepatorenal syndrome (received November
21, 2018) and treatment of ascites due to all etiologies except cancer (received September 8, 2016). Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA
may designate a product as an Orphan Drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined, in part, as a patient
population of fewer than 200,000 in the U.S. In the EU, Orphan Drug designation may be granted to drugs intended to treat, diagnose or
prevent a life-threatening or chronically debilitating disease having a prevalence of no more than five in 10,000 people in the EU, and
which meet other specified criteria. The company that first obtains FDA approval for a designated Orphan Drug for the associated rare
disease may receive a seven-year period of marketing exclusivity during which time FDA may not approve another application for the same
drug for the same orphan disease or condition. Orphan Drug Exclusivity does not prevent FDA approval of another application for the same
drug for a different disease or condition, or of an application for a different drug for the same rare disease or condition. Orphan Drug
exclusive marketing rights may be lost under several circumstances, including a later determination by the FDA that the request for designation
was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug. Similar regulations are available
in the EU with a ten-year period of market exclusivity. 

Even
though BioVie has obtained two Orphan Drug Designations for its lead product candidate, terlipressin, for treatment of ascites and for
treatment of hepatorenal syndrome, and may seek other Orphan Drug Designations for BIV201, and Orphan Drug Designation for other product
candidates, there is no assurance that BioVie will be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular rare indication. Further,
even though BioVie has obtained Orphan Drug Designations for its lead product candidate, or even if BioVie obtains Orphan Drug Designation
for other potential product candidates, such designation may not effectively protect BioVie from competition because different drugs
can be approved for the same condition and the same drug can be approved for different conditions and potentially used off-label in the
Orphan indication. Even after an Orphan Drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve another competing drug with the same active
ingredient for the same condition for several reasons, including, if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior due
to being safer or more effective or because it makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan Drug Designation neither shortens the
development time or regulatory review time of a drug, nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 

In addition, other companies have received Orphan
Drug designations for terlipressin. Mallinckrodt Hospital Products IP Limited received Orphan Drug designation in 2004 for terlipressin
for the treatment of Hepatorenal Syndrome. Mallinckrodt has already gained FDA approval for its product, lyophilized terlipressin acetate
for bolus intravenous administration for the treatment of hepatorenal syndrome Type 1 in September 2022. PharmaIN Corporation received
Orphan Drug Designation in 2012 for PGC-C12E-terlipressin for treatment of ascites due to all etiologies except cancer. In addition, Ferring
Pharmaceuticals Inc. received Orphan Drug designation in 1986 for terlipressin for the treatment of bleeding esophageal varices. If one
of those or any other company with Orphan Drug Designation for the same drug as ours for the same proposed disease or condition receives
FDA approval and Orphan Drug Exclusivity before our product is approved, approval of our drug(s) for the orphan indication may be blocked
for seven years by the other company s Orphan Exclusivity and they may obtain a competitive advantage even after the exclusivity
period expires associated with being the first to market. 

We
will need to raise substantial additional capital in the future to fund our operations and we may be unable to raise such funds when
needed and on acceptable terms, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

Developing
biopharmaceutical products, including conducting pre-clinical studies and clinical trials and establishing manufacturing capabilities,
requires substantial funding. Additional financing will be required to fund the research and development of our product candidates. We
have not generated any product revenues, and do not expect to generate any revenues until, and only if, we develop, and receive approval
to sell our product candidates from the FDA and other regulatory authorities for our product candidates. 

17 

We
may not have the resources to complete the development and commercialization of any of our proposed product candidates. We will require
additional financing to further the clinical development of our product candidates. In the event that we cannot obtain the required financing,
we will be unable to complete the development necessary to file an NDA with the FDA for BIV201 or NE3107. This will delay or require
termination of research and development programs, preclinical studies and clinical trials, material characterization studies, regulatory
processes, the establishment of our own laboratory or a search for third party marketing partners to market our products for us, which
could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

The
amount of capital we may need will depend on many factors, including the progress, timing and scope of our research and development programs,
the progress, timing and scope of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, the time and cost necessary to obtain regulatory approvals,
the time and cost necessary to establish our own marketing capabilities or to seek marketing partners, the time and cost necessary to
respond to technological and market developments, changes made or new developments in our existing collaborative, licensing and other
commercial relationships, and new collaborative, licensing and other commercial relationships that we may establish. 

Until
we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue, if ever, we expect to finance future cash needs through public or private equity
offerings, debt financings, or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. Additional funds may not be available when we need
them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope
of, or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs or our commercialization efforts. In addition, we could be forced
to discontinue product development and reduce or forego attractive business opportunities. To the extent that we raise additional funds
by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience additional significant dilution, and debt financing, if available, may
involve restrictive covenants. To the extent that we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements, it may
be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies or our product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable
to us. We may seek to access the public or private capital markets whenever conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate
need for additional capital at that time. 

Our
fixed expenses, such as rent and other contractual commitments, will likely increase in the future, as we may enter into leases for new
facilities and capital equipment and/or enter into additional licenses and collaborative agreements. Therefore, if we fail to raise substantial
additional capital to fund these expenses, we could be forced to cease operations, which could cause you to lose all of your investment. 

We
have limited experience in drug development and may not be able to successfully develop any drugs, which would cause us to cease operations. 

We
have never successfully developed a new drug and brought it to market. Our management and clinical teams have experience in drug development
but they may not be able to successfully develop any drugs. Our ability to achieve revenues and profitability in our business will depend
on, among other things, our ability to develop products internally or to obtain rights to them from others on favorable terms; complete
laboratory testing and human studies; obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property rights to our products; successfully complete
regulatory review to obtain requisite governmental agency approvals; enter into arrangements with third parties to manufacture our
products on our behalf; and enter into arrangements with third parties to provide sales and marketing functions. If we are unable
to achieve these objectives we will be forced to cease operations and you will lose all of your investment. 

Development of pharmaceutical products is
a time-consuming process, subject to a number of risks, many of which are outside of our control. Consequently, we can provide no assurance
that our product candidates will obtain regulatory approval, and if we are unsuccessful or fail to timely develop new drugs, we could
be forced to discontinue our operations. 

Our drug product candidate NE3107 was cleared
by FDA for use in a Phase 3, randomized, double blind, placebo controlled, parallel group, multicenter study in subjects who have mild
to moderate Alzheimer s Disease. Enrollment in that trial began in August 2021, with a planned primary completion in late 2022/early
2023. Alzheimer s Disease is a complex and still poorly understood disease. In June 2021, FDA approved the drug aducanumab for treatment
of Alzheimer s despite a strong recommendation against approval from an FDA advisory committee. That FDA approval has generated
significant medical and political controversy, including a Congressional investigation, announced on June 25, 2021, into the basis for
FDA s approval decision. That investigation, other potential investigations, and negative publicity of FDA s approval decision
could adversely impact the agency s oversight of our clinical development program, how the agency may view and act upon any NDA
we may file for NE3107, and the commercial viability of NE3107 if it were to be approved and marketed. 

Our drug product candidate, BIV201 (continuous
infusion terlipressin), was cleared by the FDA to undergo testing in a mid-stage (Phase 2b) clinical trial for the treatment of refractory
ascites due to cirrhosis. On June 24, 2021, we announced that the first patient has been enrolled in this study. The open-label trial
was stopped after 15 of the planned 30 patients were enrolled and an evaluation of those completed patients assessed. Encouraging data
from these patients appeared to show that treatment with BIV201 plus SOC resulted in a reduction in ascites fluid accumulation during
treatment versus pre-treatment. In June 2023, the Company requested guidance from the FDA regarding the design and endpoints for definitive
clinical testing of BIV201 for the treatment of ascites due to chronic liver cirrhosis. FDA accepted the request and intends to send written
comments in the third quarter of calendar year 2023. BIV201 has also received Orphan Drug designation for HRS. Patients with refractory
ascites often progress to HRS which is the onset of kidney failure and requires emergency hospitalization. As reflected by approved label
for Malllinckrodt s drug Terlivaz, terlipressin dosed as an intermittent IV bolus (1 or 2 mg every 6 hours) to treat HRS, however,
terlipressin may cause significant toxicity when administered this way in this critically ill patient population. We believe that our
continuous infusion approach to terlipressin treatment may overcome some of those safety concerns, but there can be no assurance that
we will be able to demonstrate an acceptable risk;safety benefit for BIV201 for the treatment of refractory ascites or HRS to the FDA s
satisfaction. On June 23, 2021, we announced that FDA has provided guidance on our planned Phase 3 clinical trial of BIV201 in (HRS-AKI)
and have since reached agreement on the key elements of the trial design. Although we have deprioritized HRS-AKI program to focus on NE3107,
on April 15, 2022, we received additional FDA comments regarding the trial design in response to a subsequent Type C meeting request related
to BV201 in HRS-AKI. 

18 

Further
development and extensive testing will be required to determine the technical feasibility and commercial viability of BIV201 and NE3107.
Our success will depend on our ability to achieve scientific and technological advances and to translate such advances into reliable,
commercially competitive drugs on a timely basis. Drugs that we may develop are not likely to be commercially available, at a minimum,
for several years, if ever. The proposed development schedules for our product candidates may be affected by a variety of factors, including
technological difficulties, proprietary technology of others, and changes in government regulation, many of which will not be within
our control. Any delay in the development, introduction or marketing of our product candidates could result either in such drugs being
marketed at a time when their cost and performance characteristics would not be competitive in the marketplace or in the shortening of
their commercial lives. In light of the long-term nature of our projects and other risk factors described elsewhere in this document,
we may not be able to successfully complete the development or marketing of any drugs, which could cause us to cease operations. 

We
may fail to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidate(s) if it is found to be unsafe or ineffective in clinical trials;
does not receive necessary approval from the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies; fails to conform to a changing standard of care for
the disease it seeks to treat; or is less effective or more expensive than current or alternative treatment methods. 

Drug development failure can occur at any stage
of clinical trials and as a result of many factors, there can be no assurance that we or our collaborators will reach our anticipated
clinical targets. Even if the trials are successfully completed, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses,
and we cannot guarantee that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials
could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. We cannot guarantee that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities will view our product candidates as having efficacy even if positive results are observed in clinical trials. In some instances,
there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due
to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations,
changes in and adherence to the clinical trial protocols, and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. If the results of
our ongoing or future clinical trials are inconclusive with respect to the efficacy of our product candidates, if we do not meet the clinical
endpoints with statistical and clinically meaningful significance, or if there are safety concerns associated with our product candidates,
we may be delayed in obtaining marketing approval, if at all. Additionally, any safety concerns observed in any one of our clinical trials
in our targeted indications could limit the prospects for regulatory approval of our product candidates in those and other indications.
We also do not know what the long-term effects of exposure to our product candidates will be. Furthermore, our product candidates may
be used in combination with other treatments and there can be no assurance that such use will not lead to unique or unexpected safety
issues. 

Failure to complete clinical trials or to prove
that our product candidates are safe and effective would have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue and could require
us to reduce the scope of or discontinue our operations, which could cause you to lose all of your investment. 

We rely and will continue to rely on third
parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected
deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates. 

We depend, and will continue to depend, on contract
research organizations CROs ), clinical trial sites and clinical trial principal investigators, contract laboratories, and
other third parties to conduct our clinical trials. We rely heavily on these third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and
we control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted
in accordance with the protocol and applicable legal, regulatory, and scientific standards and regulations, and our reliance on third
parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and these third parties are required to comply with current good clinical
practices cGCPs ), which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities
for the conduct of clinical trials on product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce cGCPs through periodic
inspections and for-cause inspections of clinical trial principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail
to comply with applicable cGCPs or fail to enroll a sufficient number of patients, we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials
to support our marketing applications, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if
any of these third parties violates federal, state, or foreign fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy
and security laws, or provide us or government agencies with inaccurate, misleading, or incomplete data. 

Although we design the clinical trials for our
product candidates, our CROs will facilitate and monitor our clinical trials. As a result, many important aspects of our clinical development
programs, including site and investigator selection, and the conduct and timing and monitoring of the study, will be partly or completely
outside our direct control. Our reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials will also result in less direct control over the
collection, management, and quality of data developed through clinical trials than would be the case if we were relying entirely upon
our own employees. Communicating with third parties can also be challenging, potentially leading to mistakes as well as difficulties in
coordinating activities. 

19 

Any third parties conducting our clinical trials
are not, and will not be, our employees and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with these third parties, we cannot
control whether they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing preclinical, clinical, and nonclinical programs. These third
parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical
trials or other drug development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully
carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain
is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements, or if there are other difficulties with
such third parties, such as staffing difficulties, changes in priorities, or financial distress, our clinical trials may be extended,
delayed, or terminated. As a result, we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval of, or successfully commercialize
our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates will be harmed, our
costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 

If any of our relationships with trial sites, or any CRO that we may
use in the future, terminates, we may not be able to timely enter into arrangements with alternative trial sites or CROs, or do so on
commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding clinical trial sites or CROs to conduct our clinical trials involves substantial cost
and requires extensive management time, training, and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition lag when a new third party must
learn about our product candidates and protocols, which can result in delays that may materially impact our ability to meet our desired
clinical development timelines. 

We
face business disruption and related risks resulting from the outbreak of the novel coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business plan. 

The
continual widespread health emergencies or pandemics such as the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic (and its related variants),
has led to continued regional quarantines, business shutdowns, labor shortages, disruptions to supply chains, and overall economic instability,
which could materially and adversely affect the clinical trials, supply chain, financial condition and financial performance of our company.
Although some jurisdictions have relaxed these measures, others have not or have reinstated them as COVID-19 cases surge and its variants
continue to emerge. The duration and spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and the long-term impact of COVID-19 and its variants on the financial
markets and the overall economy are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. If the financial markets and/or the overall
economy are impacted for an extended period, the Company s ability to raise funds may be materially adversely affected. In addition,
the COVID-19 pandemic has created a widespread labor shortage, including a shortage of medical professionals, and has impacted and may
continue to impact the potential patient participation in our studies which may adversely impact our ability to continue or complete
our clinical trials in the planned timeline. 

We
have no manufacturing experience, and the failure to comply with all applicable manufacturing regulations and requirements could have
a materially adverse effect on our business. 

We
have never manufactured products in the highly regulated environment of pharmaceutical manufacturing, and our team has limited experience
in the manufacture of drug therapies. There are numerous regulations and requirements that must be maintained to obtain licensure and
permitting required prior to the commencement of manufacturing, as well as additional requirements to continue manufacturing pharmaceutical
products. We currently do not own or lease facilities that could be used to manufacture any products that might be developed by us, and
have contracted with an experienced Contract Manufacturing Organization CMO to perform the manufacturing of our new product
candidates BIV201 and NE3107. In addition, we do not have the resources at this time to acquire or lease suitable facilities. If we
or our CMO fail to comply with regulations, to obtain the necessary licenses and knowhow or to obtain the requisite financing in order
to comply with all applicable regulations and to own or lease the required facilities in order to manufacture our products, we could
be forced to cease operations, which would cause you to lose all of your investment. 

In
addition, the FDA and other regulatory authorities require that product candidates and drug products be manufactured according to cGMP.
Any failure by our third-party manufacturers to comply with cGMP could lead to a shortage of BIV201 and NE3107. In addition, such failure
could be the basis for action by the FDA to withdraw approval, if granted to us, and for other regulatory enforcement action, including
Warning Letters, product seizure, injunction or other civil or criminal penalties. 

20 

BIV201
and NE3107 and any other product candidates that we develop may have to compete with other products and product candidates for access
to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that are both capable
of manufacturing for us and willing to do so. If we need to find another source of drug substance or drug product manufacturing for BIV201
and NE3107, we may not be able to identify, or reach agreement with, commercial-scale manufacturers on commercially reasonably terms,
or at all. If we are unable to do so, we will need to develop our own commercial-scale manufacturing capabilities, which would: impact
commercialization of BIV201 and NE3107 in the U.S. and other countries where it may be approved; require a capital investment by us that
could be quite costly; and increase our operating expenses. 

If
our existing third-party manufacturers, or the third parties that we engage in the future to manufacture a product for commercial sale
or for our clinical trials, should cease to continue to do so for any reason, we likely would experience significant delays in obtaining
sufficient quantities of product for us to meet commercial demand or to advance our clinical trials while we identify and qualify replacement
suppliers. If for any reason we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of BIV201 or any other product candidate that we develop, or the
drug substances used to manufacture it, it will be more difficult for us to compete effectively, generate revenue, and further develop
our products. In addition, if we are unable to assure a sufficient quantity of the drug for patients with rare diseases or conditions,
we may lose any Orphan Drug exclusivity to which the product otherwise would be entitled. 

We
do not currently have the sales and marketing personnel necessary to sell products, and the failure to hire and retain such staff could
have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

We
are an early stage development company with limited resources. Even if we had products available for sale, which we currently do not,
we have not secured sales and marketing staff at this early stage of operations to sell products. We cannot generate sales without sales
or marketing staff and must rely on others to provide any sales or marketing services until such personnel are secured, if ever. If we
fail to hire and retain the requisite expertise in order to market and sell our products or fail to raise sufficient capital in order
to afford to pay such sales or marketing staff, then we could be forced to cease operations and you could lose all of your investment. 

Even
if we were to successfully develop approvable drugs, we will not be able to sell these drugs if we or our third-party manufacturers fail
to comply with manufacturing regulations, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

If
we were to successfully develop approvable drugs, before we can begin selling these drugs, we must obtain regulatory approval of our
manufacturing facility and process or the manufacturing facility and process of the third party or parties with whom we may outsource
our manufacturing activities. In addition, the manufacture of our products must comply with the FDA s current Good Manufacturing
Practices regulations, commonly known as GMP regulations. The GMP regulations govern quality control and documentation policies and procedures.
Our manufacturing facilities, if any in the future, and the manufacturing facilities of our third-party manufacturers will be continually
subject to inspection by the FDA and other state, local and foreign regulatory authorities, before and after product approval. We cannot
guarantee that we, or any potential third-party manufacturer of our products, will be able to comply with the GMP regulations or other
applicable manufacturing regulations. The failure to comply with all necessary regulations would have a materially adverse effect on
our business and could force us to cease operations and you could lose all of your investment. 

We
must comply with significant and complex government regulations, compliance with which may delay or prevent the commercialization of
our product candidates, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

The
R D, manufacture and marketing of drug product candidates are subject to regulation, primarily by the FDA in the United States and
by comparable authorities in other countries. These national agencies and other federal, state, local and foreign entities regulate,
among other things, R D activities (including testing in animals and in humans) and the testing, manufacturing, handling, labeling,
storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of the product that we are developing. Noncompliance with applicable requirements
can result in various adverse consequences, including approval delays or refusals to approve drug licenses or other applications, suspension
or termination of clinical investigations, revocation of approvals previously granted, warning letters, fines, criminal prosecution,
recalls or seizures of products, injunctions against shipping drugs and total or partial suspension of production and/or refusal to allow
a company to enter into governmental supply contracts. 

The
process of obtaining FDA approval is costly and time consuming. Current FDA requirements for a new human drug or biological product to
be marketed in the United States include, among other things: (a) the successful conclusion of pre-clinical laboratory and animal tests,
if appropriate, to gain preliminary information on the product s safety; (b) filing with the FDA of an IND application to conduct
human clinical trials for drugs or biologics; (c) the successful completion of adequate and well-controlled human clinical investigations
to establish the safety and efficacy of the product for its recommended use; and (d) filing by a company and acceptance and approval
by the FDA of a NDA for a drug product or a BLA for a biological product to allow commercial distribution of the drug or biologic. A
delay in one or more of the procedural steps outlined above could be harmful to us in terms of getting our product candidates through
clinical testing and to market, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

21 

The
FDA, clinical investigators, Data Safety Monitoring Boards, and Institutional Review Boards review the ongoing conduct of, and emerging
safety information from, clinical trials and may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of clinical trials at any time if it
believes the product candidate exposes clinical subjects to an unacceptable health risk. Investigational drugs used in clinical studies
must be produced in compliance with cGMP rules pursuant to FDA regulations. 

Development,
approval, and sales outside the United States of products that we develop will also be subject to regulatory requirements governing human
clinical trials and marketing for drugs and biological products and devices. The requirements vary widely from country to country, but
typically the registration and approval process takes several years and requires significant resources. 

If
we experience delays or discontinuations of our clinical trials by the FDA or comparable authorities in other countries, or if we fail
to obtain registration or other approvals of our products or devices then we could be forced to cease our operations and you will lose
all of your investment. 

Even
if we are successful in developing BIV201 and NE3107, our product candidates, we have limited experience in conducting or supervising
clinical trials that must be performed to obtain data to submit in concert with applications for approval by the FDA. The regulatory
process to obtain approval for drugs for commercial sale involves numerous steps. Drugs are subjected to clinical trials that allow development
of case studies to examine safety, efficacy, and other issues to ensure that sale of drugs meets the requirements set forth by various
governmental agencies, including the FDA. In the event that our protocols do not meet standards set forth by the FDA, or that our data
is not sufficient to allow such trials to validate our drugs in the face of such examination, we might not be able to meet the requirements
that allow our drugs to be approved for sale which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

We may face business disruption
and related risks if there is another surge of COVID-19 or if there is another pandemic caused by other bacteria or viruses, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business plan. 

Health emergencies or
pandemics, whether from COVID-19 or other viruses or bacteria, may lead to regional quarantines, business shutdowns, labor shortages,
disruptions to supply chains, and overall economic instability, which could materially and adversely affect the clinical trials, supply
chain, financial condition and financial performance of our company. The duration and spread of a pandemic and its long-term impact on
the financial markets and the overall economy are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the financial markets and/or the overall
economy are impacted for an extended period, the Company s ability to raise funds may be materially adversely affected. In addition,
such health emergencies or pandemics may create a widespread labor shortage, including a shortage of medical professionals, and may impact
potential patient participation in our studies which may adversely impact our ability to continue or complete our clinical trials in
the planned timeline. 

22 

Confidentiality
agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information and disclosure
of our trade secrets or proprietary information could compromise any competitive advantage that we have, which could have a materially
adverse effect on our business. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary rights to the technologies used in our product candidates. We depend
heavily upon confidentiality agreements with our officers, employees, consultants and subcontractors to maintain the proprietary nature
of our technology. These measures may not afford us complete or even sufficient protection, and may not afford an adequate remedy in
the event of an unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. If we fail to protect and/or maintain our intellectual property,
third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us, we may lose our technological or competitive advantage, and/or we may
incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to recover or restrict use of our intellectual property. In addition, others may independently
develop technology similar to ours, otherwise avoiding the confidentiality agreements, or produce patents that would materially and adversely
affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, in which event you could lose all of your investment. 

We
may be unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights relating to our product candidates, and we may be liable for infringing
upon the intellectual property rights of others, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

Our
ability to compete effectively will depend on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies. We cannot assure investors
that we will continue to innovate and file new patent applications, or that if filed any future patent applications will result in granted
patents with respect to the technology owned by us or licensed to us. Further, we cannot predict how long it will take for such patents
to issue, if at all. The patent position of pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies, including ours, is generally uncertain and involves
complex legal and factual considerations and, therefore, validity and enforceability cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents may
be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated or circumvented. 

The Company has also filed a PCT Patent
Cooperation Treaty application covering our novel liquid formulations of terlipressin (international patent application PCT/US2020/034269
published as WO2020/237170), and we are seeking patent protection in the United States, Europe, China, Japan and at eight other jurisdictions.
We also have fifteen (15) issued U.S. patents, one (1) pending U.S. application, one (1) pending PCT application and six (6) issued foreign
patents directed to protecting NE3107 and related compounds and methods of making and using thereof. However, there can be no assurance
that our pending patent applications will result in issued patents, or that any issued patent claims from pending or future patent applications
will be sufficiently broad to protect BIV201, NE3107, or any other product candidates or to provide us with competitive advantages. 

Any patents we do obtain may be challenged
by re-examination or otherwise invalidated or eventually found unenforceable. Both the patent application process and the process of managing
patent disputes can be time consuming and expensive. If we were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent
related to one of our products, the defendant in such litigation could counterclaim that our patent is invalid and/or unenforceable. In
patent litigation in the U.S., defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, as are validity challenges
by the defendant against the subject patent or other patents before the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO ).
Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty,
obviousness or non-enablement, failure to meet the written description requirement, indefiniteness, and/or failure to claim patent eligible
subject matter. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent
intentionally withheld material information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Additional grounds for
an unenforceability assertion include an allegation of misuse or anticompetitive use of patent rights, and an allegation of incorrect
inventorship with deceptive intent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before the USPTO even outside the context of litigation.
The outcome is unpredictable following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability. With respect to the validity question, for
example, we cannot be certain that no invalidating prior art existed of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution.
These assertions may also be based on information known to us or the Patent Office. If a defendant or third party were to prevail on a
legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the claims of the challenged patent.
Such a loss of patent protection would or could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

The standards that the United States Patent
and Trademark Office (and foreign countries) use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change. There
is also no uniform, worldwide policy regarding the subject matter and scope of claims granted or allowable in pharmaceutical or biotechnology
patents. Accordingly, we do not know the degree of future protection for our proprietary rights or the breadth of claims that will be
allowed in any patents issued to us or to others. 

Further, we rely on
a combination of trade secrets, know-how, technology and nondisclosure, and other contractual agreements and technical measures to protect
our rights in the technology. If any trade secret, know-how or other technology not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or
independently developed by a competitor, our business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The laws of some
foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S., and we may encounter significant
problems in protecting our proprietary rights in these countries. 

23 

We do not believe that either BIV201 or NE3107,
the product candidates we are currently developing, infringe upon the rights of any third parties nor are they infringed upon by third
parties. However, there can be no assurance that our technology will not be found in the future to infringe upon the rights of others
or be infringed upon by others. Moreover, patent applications are in some cases maintained in secrecy until patents are issued. The publication
of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature frequently occurs substantially later than the date on which the underlying discoveries
were made and patent applications were filed. Because patents can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications
of which we are unaware that may later result in issued patents that our products or product candidates infringe. For example, pending
applications may exist that provide support or can be amended to provide support for a claim that results in an issued patent that our
product infringes. In such a case, others may assert infringement claims against us, and should we be found to infringe upon their patents,
or otherwise impermissibly utilize their intellectual property, we might be forced to pay damages, potentially including treble damages,
if we are found to have willfully infringed on such parties patent rights. In addition to any damages we might have to pay, we
may be required to obtain licenses from the holders of this intellectual property. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses or intellectual
property rights on commercially reasonable terms. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our
competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources
to develop or license replacement technology. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected products,
which could materially harm our business and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction
prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation. Conversely,
we may not always be able to successfully pursue our claims against others that infringe upon our technology. Thus, the proprietary nature
of our technology or technology licensed by us may not provide adequate protection against competitors. 

The pharmaceutical industry is characterized
by extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Moreover, the cost to us of any litigation or other
proceeding relating to our patents and other intellectual property rights, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, and the
litigation would divert our management s efforts. We may not have sufficient resources to bring any such action to a successful
conclusion. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could limit our ability to continue our operations
and you could lose all of your investment. 

We
depend upon our management and their loss or unavailability could put us at a competitive disadvantage which could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

We currently depend upon the efforts and abilities
of our executive management team of Cuong Do, our Chief Executive Officer - President; Wendy Kim, our Senior Vice President - Chief Financial
Officer; Dr Joseph Palumbo, our Executive Vice President -Chief Medical Officer; Penelope Markham, Senior Vice President Ascites
Programs Strategic Initiatives; Chris Reading, our Senior Vice President -Alzheimer s Programs; Mr. Clarence Ahlem,
our Senior Vice President Operations Development; Steven White, our Senior Vice President Discovery; and David Morse,
our Senior Vice President Chief Regulatory Officer; who all serve the Company the full-time. The loss or unavailability of the
services of any of these individuals for any significant period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations which may cause you to lose all of your investment. We have not obtained, do not own, nor
are we the beneficiary of key-person life insurance. 

We
may not be able to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

Our
ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel is critical to our operations and expansion. We face competition for these types
of personnel from other pharmaceutical companies and more established organizations, many of which have significantly larger operations
and greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel
on a timely basis, on competitive terms, or at all. If we are not successful in attracting and retaining these personnel, our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 

The
biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition.
We may be unable to compete with enterprises equipped with more substantial resources than us, which could cause us to curtail or cease
operations. 

The
biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition
based primarily on scientific and technological factors. These factors include the availability of patent and other protection for technology
and products, the ability to commercialize technological developments and the ability to obtain government approval for testing, manufacturing
and marketing. 

24 

We
compete with biopharmaceutical firms in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, as well as a growing number of large pharmaceutical
companies that are applying biotechnology to their operations. Many biopharmaceutical companies have focused their development efforts
in the human therapeutics area. Many major pharmaceutical companies have developed or acquired internal biotechnology capabilities or
made commercial arrangements with other biopharmaceutical companies. These companies, as well as academic institutions, government agencies
and private research organizations, also compete with us in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific personnel and consultants.
Our ability to compete successfully with other companies in the pharmaceutical field will also depend to a considerable degree on the
continuing availability of capital to us. 

Although
there are not currently any therapies approved by the FDA specifically for the treatment of ascites due to liver cirrhosis, we still
face significant competitive and market risk. Other companies, such as Mallinckrodt Inc., are developing therapies for severe complications
of advanced liver cirrhosis, which may in the future be developed for the treatment of ascites, and these therapies could compete indirectly
or directly with our product candidate. Similarly, other companies, such as Biogen and Eli Lilly, are developing treatments for Alzheimer s
Disease and Parkinson s Disease, which could compete indirectly or directly with our product candidate. There may be other competitive
development programs of which we are unaware. Even if our product candidates are ultimately approved by the FDA, there is no guarantee
that once it is on the market doctors will adopt them in favor of current ascites treatment procedures such as diuretics and paracentesis
with respect to BIV201 and Alzheimer s Disease and Parkinson s Disease with respect to NE3107. These competitive and market
risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations which may cause
you to lose all of your investment. 

Our
competition will be determined in part by the potential indications for which drugs are developed and ultimately approved by regulatory
authorities. Additionally, the timing of the market introduction of some of our potential product candidate or of competitors 
products may be an important competitive factor. Accordingly, the relative speed with which we can develop drugs, complete pre-clinical
testing, clinical trials, approval processes and supply commercial quantities to market are important competitive factors. We expect
that competition among drugs approved for sale will be based on various factors, including product efficacy, safety, reliability, availability,
price and patent protection. 

The
successful development of biopharmaceuticals is highly uncertain. A variety of factors including, pre-clinical study results or regulatory
approvals, could cause us to abandon the development of our product candidates. 

Successful
development of biopharmaceuticals is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Product
candidates that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for several reasons. Pre-clinical study
results may show the product candidate to be less effective than desired (e.g., the study failed to meet its primary endpoints) or to
have harmful or problematic side effects. Product candidates may fail to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or may be delayed
in receiving such approvals. Among other things, such delays may be caused by slow enrollment in clinical studies, length of time to
achieve study endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis or a IND and later NDA, preparation, discussions with the FDA,
an FDA request for additional pre-clinical or clinical data or unexpected safety or manufacturing issues; manufacturing costs, pricing
or reimbursement issues, or other factors that make the product not economical. Proprietary rights of others and their competing products
and technologies may also prevent the product from being commercialized. 

Success
in pre-clinical and early clinical studies does not ensure that large-scale clinical studies will be successful. Clinical results are
frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. The length of time necessary
to complete clinical studies and to submit an application for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory authority varies
significantly from one product to the next, and may be difficult to predict. There can be no assurance that any of our products will
develop successfully, and the failure to develop our products will have a materially adverse effect on our business and will cause you
to lose all of your investment. 

25 

There
may be conflicts of interest among our officers, directors and stockholders. 

Certain of our executive officers and directors
and their affiliates are engaged in other activities and have interests in other entities on their own behalf or on behalf of other persons.
Neither we nor any of our shareholders will have any rights in these ventures or their income or profits. In particular, our executive
officers or directors or their affiliates may have an economic interest in or other business relationship with partner companies that
invest in us or are engaged in competing drug development. Our executive officers or directors may have conflicting fiduciary duties to
us and third parties. The terms of transactions with third parties may not be subject to arm s length negotiations and therefore
may be on terms less favorable to us than those that could be procured through arm s length negotiations. Although we have established
an audit committee comprised solely of independent directors to oversee transactions between us and our insiders, we do not have any formal
policies in place to deal with such conflicting fiduciary duties should such a conflict arise. 

If we fail to maintain an effective
system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or detect fraud. Consequently, investors could
lose confidence in our financial reporting and this may decrease the trading price of our Common Stock. 

We must maintain effective internal controls to
provide reliable financial reports and detect fraud. We have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures internal controls,
as well as internal controls over financial reporting, are effective. Failure to implement changes to our internal controls or any others
that we identify as necessary to establish an effective system of internal controls could harm our operating results and cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative effect on the trading price
of our Common Stock. 

We indemnify our officers and directors
against liability to us and our security holders, and such indemnification could increase our operating costs. 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws require
us to indemnify our officers and directors against claims associated with carrying out the duties of their offices. We are also required
to advance the costs of certain legal defenses upon the indemnitee undertaking to repay such expenses to the extent it is determined that
such person was not entitled to indemnification of such expenses. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act may be permitted to our officers, directors, or control persons, the SEC has advised that such indemnification is against public
policy and is therefore unenforceable. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

You may experience future dilution as a
result of future equity offerings or if we issue shares subject to options, warrants, stock awards or other arrangements. 

In order to raise additional capital, we may in
the future offer additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock, including
under the Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement ), dated as of August 31, 2022, with Cantor Fitzgerald
 Co. and B. (the Agent ), pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell from time to time shares of Common Stock
through the Agent. We may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the current market
price of our securities, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders.
The sale of additional shares of Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock would dilute all
of our stockholders, and if such sales of convertible securities into or exchangeable into our Common Stock occur at a deemed issuance
price that is lower than the current exercise price of our outstanding warrants sold to Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC Acuitas in August 2022, the exercise price for those warrants would adjust downward to the deemed issuance price pursuant to price adjustment
protection contained within those warrants. 

In addition, as of June 30, 2023, there were
warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 7,770,285 shares of Common Stock at exercise prices ranging from 1.82 to 12.50
per share and 3,952,864 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding options at exercise prices ranging from 1.69 to 42.09 per
share and restricted stock units totaling 596,457. Our Loan Agreement entered into on November 30, 2021 contains a conversion feature
whereby at the option of lender, up to 5 million of the outstanding loan amount may be converted into shares of Common Stock at a conversion
price of 6.98 per share. We may grant additional options, warrants or equity awards. To the extent such shares are issued, the interest
of holders of our Common Stock will be diluted. 

Moreover, we are obligated to issue shares of
Common Stock upon achievement of certain clinical, regulatory and commercial milestones with respect to certain of our drug candidates
(i.e., NE3107, NE3291, NE3413, and NE3789) pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, dated April 27, 2021, by and among the Company, NeurMedix,
Inc. and Acuitas, as amended on May 9, 2021. The achievement of these milestones could result in the issuance of up to 18 million shares
of our Common Stock, further diluting the interest of holders of our Common Stock. 

26 

Certain
stockholders who are also officers and directors of the Company may have significant control over our management. 

As of August 9, 2023, our directors and executive
officers and affiliates currently own aggregate 23,587,296 shares of our Common Stock, which currently constitutes 64.0 of our issued
and outstanding Common Stock. As a result, directors and executive officers and affiliates may have a significant influence on our affairs
and management, as well as on all matters requiring member approval, including electing and removing members of our Board of Directors,
causing us to engage in transactions with affiliates entities, causing or restricting our sale or merger, and certain other matters. Our
majority shareholder, Mr. Terren Peizer, may be deemed to beneficially own the 23,166,210 shares of Common Stock held by Acuitas,
which constitutes 63.0 of our issued and outstanding Common Stock Such concentration of ownership and control could have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us even when such a change of control would be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

We may, in the future, issue additional
Common Stock, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share value. 

As of June 30, 2023, our Articles of Incorporation,
as amended, authorize the issuance of 800,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and we had 36,451,829 shares of Common Stock issued and
36,428,949 issued and outstanding. Accordingly, we may issue up to an additional 763,548,171 shares of Common Stock. The future issuance
of Common Stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our Common Stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may
value any Common Stock in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of Common Stock for future services or acquisitions or other
corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, might have an adverse effect on any trading
market for our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise capital in the future through the sale of equity securities. 

The market price and trading volume of our
Common Stock may be volatile. 

The market price and trading volume of our Common
Stock has been volatile. We expect that the market price of our Common Stock will continue to fluctuate significantly for many reasons,
including in response to the risk factors described in this prospectus or for reasons unrelated to our specific performance. In recent
years, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has affected the market prices of securities
issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance and may adversely affect the market price and trading volume
of our Common Stock. Prices for our Common Stock may also be influenced by the depth and liquidity of the market for our Common Stock,
investor perceptions about us and our business, our future financial results, the absence of cash dividends on our Common Stock and general
economic and market conditions. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following
periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and could divert our management
and other resources. 

We have a large number of restricted shares
outstanding, a portion of which may be sold under Rule 144 which may reduce the market price of our shares. 

As of August 9, 2023, there were 36,803,768 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding, of which 13,166,847 shares are held by non-affiliates and 23,587,296 held by affiliates of the
Company, consisting of an affiliate who owns 23,166,210 shares and 421,086 shares owned by our officers and directors or entities controlled
by them. The majority of our Common Stock, including all of the affiliates securities are deemed restricted securities 
within the meaning of Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act. 

It is anticipated that all of the restricted
securities will be eligible for resale under Rule 144. In general, under Rule 144, subject to the satisfaction of certain other
conditions, a person, who is not an affiliates (and who has not been an affiliates for a period of at least three months immediately preceding
the sale) and who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our Common Stock for at least six months is permitted to sell such shares
without restriction, provided that there is sufficient public information about us as contemplated by Rule 144. An affiliate who has beneficially
owned restricted shares of our Common Stock for a period of at least one year may sell a number of shares equal to one percent of our
issued and outstanding Common Stock approximately every three months. 

27 

Any
failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could harm us. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Under standards established
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), a deficiency in internal control over financial reporting exists
when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or personnel, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions,
to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. The PCAOB defines a material weakness as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected, on a timely basis. 

If we are unable to assert that our internal
control over financial reporting is effective, or when required in the future, if our independent registered public accounting firm is
unable to express an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose
confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our Common Stock could be adversely affected
and we could become subject to litigation or investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other
regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 

There is a limited trading market for
our common stock, which could make it difficult to liquidate an investment in our common stock, in a timely manner. 

Our common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market.
Because there is a limited public market for our common stock, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment whenever desired.
We cannot assure that there will be an active trading market for our common stock and the lack of an active public trading market could
mean that investors may be exposed to increased risk. In addition, if we failed to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations, various
requirements would be imposed by law on broker dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock, which may further affect
its liquidity. 

The
lack of public company experience of our management team could adversely impact our ability to comply with the reporting requirements
of U.S. securities laws, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

Our
officers have limited public company experience, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such
as those imposed by Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Such responsibilities include complying with federal securities laws and making required
disclosures on a timely basis. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our
ability to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
which is necessary to maintain our public company status. If we were to fail to fulfill those obligations, our ability to continue as
a U.S. public company would be in jeopardy in which event you could lose your entire investment in our Company. 

We are considered a smaller reporting company
that is exempt from certain disclosure requirements, which could make our stock less attractive to potential investors. 

Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer that is not an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that: 

Had
 a public float of less than 250 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed fiscal quarter, computed by multiplying
 the aggregate number of worldwide number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the price
 at which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity, in the principle market for
 the common equity; or 

In
 the case of an initial registration statement under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act for shares of its common equity, had a
 public float of less than 250 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the filing of the registration statement, computed
 by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus, in the case of
 a Securities Act registration statement, the number of such shares included in the registration statement by the estimated public
 offering price of the shares; or 

In
 the case of an issuer who had annual revenue of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year for which audit
 financial statements are available, had a public float as calculated under paragraph (1) or (2) of this definition that was either
 zero or less than 700 million. 

28 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required and may not include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A section in our proxy statements; we provide only 3 years of business development information; and have other scaled disclosure
requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting companies which could make our stock
less attractive to potential investors, which could make it more difficult for you to sell your shares. 

We
are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection
with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs will negatively affect our ability to earn a profit. 

We
are required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. In order to
comply with such requirements, our independent registered auditors have to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit
our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel has to review and assist in the preparation of such reports.
Factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot accurately be determined
at this time and may have a major negative effect on the cost and amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However,
the incurrence of such costs is an expense to our operations and thus has a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements
and earn a profit. 

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares
unless they sell them. 

We
intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their
shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired. 

We
are authorized to issue blank check preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could adversely impact the rights
of holders of our securities. 

Our articles of incorporation authorize us
to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. Any preferred stock that we issue in the future may rank ahead of our
common stock in terms of dividend priority or liquidation premiums and may have greater voting rights than our common stock. Any preferred
stock issued may contain provisions allowing those shares to be converted into shares of common stock, which could dilute the value of
our common stock to current stockholders and could adversely affect the market price, if any, of our common stock. The preferred stock
could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying, or preventing a change in control of our company.
Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of our authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that we will not
do so in the future. 

Provisions in our articles of incorporation,
our bylaws, and Nevada law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore,
depress the trading price of our common stock. 

Provisions of our articles of incorporation,
our bylaws, and Nevada law may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing a change in control of our
company or changes in our management, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares
over then current market prices. In addition, these provisions may limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they
may deem to be in their best interests. These provisions include: 

the inability of stockholders to call special meetings; 

the business combinations and control share acquisitions provisions of Nevada law, to the extent applicable, could discourage attempts to acquire our stockholders stock even on terms above the prevailing market price; and 

the ability of our board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could include the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control or could be used to institute a rights plan, also known as a poison pill, that would dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors. 

The existence of the forgoing provisions
and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.
They could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common
stock in an acquisition. 

29 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

The
Company paid an annual rent of 2,200 for its headquarters at 680 W Nye Lane, Suite 201, Carson City Nevada 897603. The rental agreement
is for a one-year term and commenced on October 1, 2022. 

On
February 26, 2022, the Company s San Diego office relocated to 5090 Shoreham Place, San Diego, CA 92122. The term for the new office
lease is 38 months and commenced on March 1, 2022. The monthly base rate of 4,175 began June 1, 2022, with annual increases of
three percent. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

To
our knowledge, neither the Company nor any of our officers or directors is a party to any material legal proceeding or litigation and
such persons know of no material legal proceeding or contemplated or threatened litigation, other than as described below. There are
no judgments against us or our officers or directors. None of our officers or directors has been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor
relating to securities or performance in corporate office. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

30 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Unregistered Sales of Securities 

All sales of unregistered securities during the
year ended June 30, 2023 were previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Issuer Purchases of Common Stock 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, there were
no issuer repurchases of shares of Common Stock. 

ITEM
 6. 
 [Reserved] 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of the Company s financial condition and the results of operations should be read in conjunction with the
Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

BioVie
Inc. (the Company or we or our is a clinical-stage company developing innovative drug therapies
to treat chronic debilitating conditions including neurological and neuro-degenerative disorders and liver disease. 

The
Company acquired the biopharmaceutical assets of NeurMedix, Inc. NeurMedix ), a privately held clinical-stage
pharmaceutical company, in June 2021 (See Note 6 Related Party Transactions ). The acquired assets included NE3107, a
potentially selective inhibitor of inflammatory extracellular single-regulated kinase ERK signaling that, based on
animal studies, is believed to reduce neuroinflammation. NE3107 is a novel orally administered small molecule that is thought to
inhibit inflammation-driven insulin resistance and major pathological inflammatory cascades with a novel mechanism of action. There
is emerging scientific consensus that both inflammation and insulin resistance may play fundamental roles in the development of
Alzheimer s Disease (AD) and Parkinson s Disease (PD), and NE3107 could, if approved represent an entirely new medical
approach to treating these devastating conditions affecting an estimated 6 million Americans suffering from AD and 1 million
Americans suffering from PD. In August 2021, the Company initiated the FDA authorized potentially pivotal Phase 3 randomized,
double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group, multicenter study to evaluate NE3107 in subjects who have mild to moderate AD
(NCT04669028). The Company is targeting primary completion of this study in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2023. 

The Phase 2 study of NE3107 in Parkinson s
disease PD (NCT05083260), completed in December 2022 was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, safety, tolerability, and
pharmacokinetics study in PD participants treated with carbidopa/levodopa and NE3107. Forty-five patients with a defined L-dopa off
state were randomized 1:1 to placebo:NE3107 20 mg twice daily for 28 days. This trial was launched with two design objectives:
1) the primary objective was safety and a drug-drug interaction study as requested by the FDA to demonstrate the absence of adverse interactions
of NE3107 with levodopa; and 2) the secondary objective is to determine if preclinical indications of promotoric activity and apparent
enhancement of levodopa activity can be seen in humans. Both objectives were met. The Company continues to process its findings from its
completed study as it prepares for the next round of clinical studies in PD. 

Neuroinflammation, insulin resistance, and oxidative
stress are common features in the major neurodegenerative diseases, including AD, PD, frontotemporal lobar dementia, and Amyotrophic
lateral sclerosis (ALS). NE3107 is an oral small molecule, blood-brain permeable, compound with potential anti-inflammatory, insulin
sensitizing, and ERK-binding properties that may allow it to selectively inhibit ERK-, NF B- and TNF-stimulated inflammation. NE3107 s
potential to inhibit neuroinflammation and insulin resistance forms the basis for the Company s work testing the molecule in AD
and PD patients. NE3107 is patented in the United States, Australia, Canada, Europe and South Korea. 

31 

The Company s Orphan drug candidate BIV201
(continuous infusion terlipressin), with FDA Fast Track status, is being evaluated in a U.S. Phase 2b study (NCT04112199) for the treatment
of refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. In March 2023, the Company announced enrollment was paused and that data from the first
15 patients treated with BIV201 plus SOC appeared to result in a 34 reduction in ascites fluid during the 28 days after treatment initiation
compared to the 28 days prior to treatment (p=0.0046). This improvement was significantly different from those treated with SOC only who
experienced a mean increase in ascites fluid of 3.1 (BIV201 vs. SOC p=0.05). Patients who completed the treatment with BIV201 experienced
a 53 reduction in ascites fluid (p=0.001), which was significantly different from those treated with SOC (p=0.007). This improvement
was sustained in this group during the three months after treatment initiation as compared to the three-month pre-treatment period (43 
reduction, p=0.06). There were no unexpected serious adverse events and overall safety was consistent with the patient population. Terlipressin
was administered with a continuous low dose infusion via a portable pump in two 28-day treatment cycles. The primary endpoints are the
incidence of complications of at least Grade 2 severity, and the change in cumulative ascites in the 12-week period following randomization
compared to a 12-week pre-treatment period. The BIV201 trial planned to enroll 30 patients to be treated in the home care setting. The
Company requested and has been granted a meeting with the FDA to discuss the design and endpoints for definitive clinical testing of BIV201
for the treatment of ascites due to chronic liver cirrhosis. The active agent is approved in the U.S. and in about 40 countries for related
complications of advanced liver cirrhosis. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Year Ended June 30, 2023 to the Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Net
loss 

The net loss for the year ended June 30, 2023
was approximately 50.3 million as compared to net loss of 26.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in net loss of
approximately 24.2 million was primarily due to increased clinical activities of approximately 16.0 million, administrative expenses
of approximately 1.8 million, an increase in other expense of approximately 6.3 million primarily attributed to the change in fair value
of derivative liabilities of approximately 4.7 million. 

Total operating expenses for the year ended June
30, 2023, were approximately 45.1 million as compared to 27.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The net increase of approximately
 17.8 million was due to an increase in research and development expenses of approximately 16.0 million due to our increased clinical
activities, and an increase in selling general and administrative expenses of approximately 1.8 million. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses were approximately
 33.3 million and 17.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The net increase of approximately 16.0 million,
was attributed to increased activities in our clinical studies of approximately 14,3 million; increased expenses in Chemistry, Manufacturing
and Control of approximately 344,000, and increased publications and conferences expenses of approximately 273,000, as we published
our posters for various congresses that we participated; and an increase compensation expense of approximately 1.3 million. During the
year we added for employees including a SVP Discovery, SVP Chief Regulatory Officer, VP of Clinical Medical Affairs and a VP Safety
 Pharmacovigilance. 

14.1 million of the increase in research
and development expenses of 16.0 million was primarily due to the Neuroscience NE3107 studies, which were significantly more active during
the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. The Parkinson s Phase 2 study initiated in January 2022,
completed and reported its top-line data results in December 2022, and the Alzheimer Phase 3 study reached full enrollment in November
2022. Our Orphan drug candidate BIV201 s Phase 2b study, which was initiated in June 2021, accounted for approximately 143,000
of the net increase in research and development expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
were approximately 11.6 million and 9.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The net increase of approximately
 1.8 million was primarily attributed to increased stock compensation expense of approximately 1.1 million related to the board of directors 
annual compensation; a net increase in legal, investor relations and other professional fees totaling approximately 405,000, an increase
in management compensation expense of approximately 115,000, an increase in business development and fund raising activities of approximately
 107,000 and increase in insurance expense of approximately 77,000. 

32 

Other expense/income, net 

Other expense, net was 5.2 million compared
to other income, net of 1.2 million, for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The net increase in other expenses of 6.4
million represented an increase in interest expense of approximately 2.1 million and the change in fair value of the related derivative
liabilities of approximately 4.7 million, offset by increase in interest income of approximately 518,000 from investments in U.S. Treasury
Bills. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 

As of June 30, 2023 the Company had working capital
of approximately 19.5 million, cash and cash equivalents and U.S. treasury bills totaling of approximately 33.9 million, stockholders 
equity of approximately 15.3 million, and an accumulated deficit of approximately 301 million. In addition, the Company has not generated
any revenues to date and no revenues are expected in the foreseeable future. The Company s future operations are dependent on the
success of the Company s ongoing development and commercialization efforts, as well as its ability to secure additional financing
as needed. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company
sold approximately 7.5 million shares of its Common Stock under its Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald
 Co for total net proceeds of approximately 49.5 million after 3 commissions and cost totaling approximately 2 million. 

The Company has not generated any revenue and
no revenues are expected in the foreseeable future. The Company s future operations are dependent on the success of the Company s
ongoing development and commercialization efforts, as well as its ability to secure additional financing. Management expects that
future sources of funding may include sales of equity, obtaining loans, or other strategic transactions. 

Although
management continues to pursue the Company s strategic plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining
sufficient financing on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all, to fund continuing operations. These circumstances raise substantial
doubt on the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncement 

In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit
Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. This amendment replaces the incurred loss impairment
methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses on instruments within its scope, including trade
receivables. This update is intended to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit
losses. In November 2019, the FASB issued No. 2019-10, Financial Instruments --Credit Losses (Topic 326), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815), and Leases (Topic 842), which deferred the effective date of ASU 2016-13 for Smaller Reporting Companies for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not expect a material impact from the
adoption of ASU 2016-13 on the financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
term off-balance sheet arrangement generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which
an entity unconsolidated with the Company is a party, under which the Company has (i) any obligation arising under a guarantee contract,
derivative instrument or variable interest; or (ii) a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar
arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets. The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect or change on the Company s financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

33 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents consisted of cash deposits
and money market funds held at a bank and funds held in a brokerage account which included a U.S. treasury money market fund and U.S.
Treasury Bills with original maturities of three months or less. 

Concentration of Credit Risk in the Financial
Service Industry 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had cash deposited in certain financial institutions in excess of federally insured levels. The Company
regularly monitors the financial stability of these financial institutions and believes that it is not exposed to any significant credit
risk in cash and cash equivalents. However, in March and April 2023, certain U.S. government banking regulators took steps to intervene
in the operations of certain financial institutions due to liquidity concerns, which caused general heightened uncertainties in financial
markets. While these events have not had a material direct impact on the Company s operations, if further liquidity and financial
stability concerns arise with respect to banks and financial institutions, either nationally or in specific regions, the Company s
ability to access cash or enter into new financing arrangements may be threatened, which could have a material adverse effect on its
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Investments
in U.S. Treasury Bills 

Investments in U.S. Treasury Bills with maturities
greater than three months, are accounted for as available for sale and are recorded at fair value. Unrealized gains were included in other
comprehensive income in the accompanying the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Accounting
for Stock-based Compensation 

The
Company follows the provision of ASC 718- Stock Compensation, which requires the measurement of compensation expense for all shared 
based payment awards made to employees and non-employee director, including employee stock options. Share-based compensation expense
is based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 and is generally recognized as an expense
over the requisite service period, net of forfeitures. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the
future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment
to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets and would
be charged to earnings. 

Purchase
Accounting for Transactions with Related Party 

Purchase
accounting for transactions with related party, entities under common control, are recorded at the historical carrying cost with no step
up in basis to the fair market value of the asset or liability are recognized. 

Leases 

The Company determines whether an arrangement
contains a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, current portion
of operating lease liabilities, and net of current portion of operating lease liabilities on our balance sheets. ROU assets represent
the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments
arising from the lease. Lease ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments
over the lease term at the commencement date. As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, an incremental borrowing
rate is used based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company
does not include options to extend or terminate the lease term unless it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise any such
options. Rent expense is recognized under the operating leases on a straight-line basis. The Company does not recognize right of-use assets
or lease liabilities for short-term leases, which have a lease term of 12 months or less, and instead will recognize lease payments as
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

34 

Fair
value measurement of assets and liabilities 

We
determine the fair values of our financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use
of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. The fair value assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability and establishes that the fair value of an asset or liability shall be determined based on the assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The classification of a financial asset or liability within the
hierarchy is based upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes
the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level
1 - Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2 - Inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level
3 - Inputs are unobservable inputs based on our assumptions. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 

Our
financial information required to be filed hereunder are indexed under Item 15 of this report and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
have evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive and our principle financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and our principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

35 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control to future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures
may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June
30, 2023 using the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our evaluation using those criteria, our management
has concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles for the reasons discussed above. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during quarter ended June 30, 2023, that materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

36 

PART
III . 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding our Board of Directors, our executive officers, and some of our key employees, as of August 9, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Position 
 
 Cuong
 Do 

57 

2016 
 
 CEO
 President and Director 
 
 Joanne
 Wendy Kim 

68 

CFO 
 
 Joseph
 M. Palumbo, MD 

63 

Chief
 Medical Officer 
 
 Jim
 Lang 

58 

2016 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Michael
 Sherman 

64 

2017 
 
 Director

Richard
 J. Berman 

81 

2019 
 
 Director

Steve
 Gorlin 

86 

2020 
 
 Director

Robert
 Hariri, MD, PhD 

64 

2020 
 
 Director

Sigmund
 Rogich 

79 

2020 
 
 Director

According to our Bylaws, the directors shall
be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders and each director shall be elected to serve until his successor shall be elected
and shall qualify. A director need not be a stockholder. Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors
or as members of committees, but by resolution of the Board of Directors a fixed fee and expenses of attendance may be allowed for attendance
at each meeting. The Bylaws shall not be construed to preclude any director from serving the Company in any other capacity as an officer,
agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor. 

There are no familial relationships among
any of our directors or officers. 

Biographical Information 

Mr. Cuong Do , has served on
the Company s Board of Directors since 2016 and effective April 27, 2021 was appointed the Company s CEO and President. He
served as the President, Global Strategy Group, at Samsung from February 2015 to December 2020. Mr. Do helped set the strategic direction
for Samsung Group s diverse business portfolio. He was previously the Chief Strategy Officer for Merck from October 2011 to March
2014, and Tyco Electronics from June 2009 to October 2011, and Lenovo from December 2007 to March 2009. Mr. Do is a former senior partner
at McKinsey Company, where he spent 17 years and helped build the healthcare, high tech and corporate finance practices. He holds
a BA from Dartmouth College, and an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth. 

We believe Mr. Do s qualifications
to serve on our Board of Directors and as the CEO are primarily based on his decades of experience as an executive in the pharma, biotech,
and other high technology industries and his extensive experience in strategy, corporate finance practice and the development of companies
in all stages. 

Ms. Joanne Wendy Kim has served
as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since October 2018. Ms. Kim previously served as CFO for several companies throughout her
career, previously with Landmark Education Enterprises, and prior to that; other public entities in the entertainment and financial services
industry sectors. She provided interim CFO services to various organizations from 2016 to 2018. In her various roles, Ms. Kim oversaw
corporate finance and operational groups, closed eight acquisitions, secured bank financings, developed and implemented new business strategies,
managed risk and implemented new financial policies and procedures. As a CPA professional, she advised on accounting transactions, SEC
reporting matters and other regulatory matters to clients serving as a Director at BDO USA, LLP s National Office SEC Department
and served on the U.S. desk in London for BDO LLP UK Firm in 2008-2016 and as a Senior Manager at KPMG in earlier part of her career.
She brings more than 35 years of accounting and finance experience to this position. Ms. Kim earned her BSA in accounting and finance
at California State University, Long Beach. 

Wendy
Kim s qualifications to serve as our Chief Financial Officer are primarily based on her 35 years of accounting and finance experience
both as a CFO and as a CPA in major global accounting and consultancy firms. 

37 

Dr.
Joseph M. Palumbo has served as our Chief Medical Officer since November 2021. Formerly he served as the CMO at Zynerba Pharmaceuticals
from July 2019 to October 2021, responsible for clinical operations, development, regulatory, and medical affairs. Prior to his time
at Zynerba, Dr. Palumbo held senior worldwide governance roles at Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma in both the United States and Japan from April
2012 to June 2019, where he led medical science and translational research across multiple therapeutic areas, and guided successful
registrational programs for Radicava (edaravone) for the treatment of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis .
From April 2003 to March 2012, Dr. Palumbo was Global Head and Franchise Medical Leader for Psychiatry, and the Interim Head of
Global Neuroscience at Johnson Johnson, where he led the medical teams who achieved successful global registrations for Risperdal 
(risperidone); Concerta (methylphenidate HCL); and Invega (paliperidone). He was Head of Psychiatry and Neurology at Pharmanet
for from April 2002 to April 2003. Dr Palumbo previously held industry positions in European Pharma with Sanofi-Synthelabo from April
1999 to April 2002, Biotech at Cephalon, from April 1997 to April 1998, and from July 1989 to April 2002, he held senior leadership and
hospital administration roles at prestigious academic research institutions including Yale, Cornell, and the University of Pennsylvania.
He holds a Bachelor of Arts at the University of Pennsylvania and received his Doctor of Medicine at the George Washington University
School of Medicine. He was a Biological Sciences Training Program Fellow of the National Institutes of Health and Chief Resident for
the Abraham Ribicoff Clinical Neuroscience Research Unit at Yale University. Dr Palumbo has received Board Certification in Psychiatry
and Addiction Psychiatry. 

Dr.
Palumbo s qualifications to serve as our Chief Medical Officer is based on the decades and depth of experiences in the roles he
has served in his medical profession and commercial experience in the healthcare industry and biopharma industries. 

Mr.
Jim Lang has served as the Company s director since 2016 and as the Chairman of the Board since March 2023. He is currently
CEO of EVERSANA, the leading commercialization services company for the life sciences industry. In five years since he founded EVERSANA,
it is now over 1B in revenue, with >7000 employees across 40 global locations. He formerly served as the CEO of Decision Resources
Group (DRG), which he transformed into a leading healthcare data and analytics firm. Prior to that, Jim was CEO of IHS Cambridge Energy
Research Associates (IHS CERA), a recognized leader in energy industry subscription information products, and formerly the President
of Strategic Decisions Group (SDG), a leading global strategy consultancy. Mr. Lang holds a BS summa cum laude in electrical and computer
engineering from the University of New Hampshire and an MBA with Distinction from the Tuck School of Business. Jim Lang currently also
serves as a Director at OptimizeRX (OPRX), a Nasdaq listed Company. 

Jim Lang s qualifications to serve
on our Board of Directors are primarily based on his decades of experience as a strategy consultant, broad industry expertise, and senior-level
management experience running several healthcare and information technology companies. 

Mr. Richard J. Berman has served
as the Company s director since June 2019. Mr. Berman has over 35 years of venture capital, senior management, and merger 
acquisitions experience. He currently is a director of four public companies including; Cryoport Inc., Genius Group, Context Therapeutics,
and over the last decade served on the boards of six companies that reached a market capitalization over one billion including Cryoport,
Advaxis, EXIDE, Internet Commerce Corporation, Kapitus and Ontrak. From 1998-2000, he was employed by Internet Commerce Corporation (now
Easylink Services) as Chairman and CEO and was a director from 1998-2012. Previously, Mr. Berman was Senior Vice President of Bankers
Trust Company, where he started the M A and Leveraged Buyout Departments; created the largest battery company in the world in the
1980 s by merging Prestolite, General Battery and Exide and advised on over 4 billion of M A transactions (completed over 300
deals). He is a past Director of the Stern School of Business of NYU where he obtained his BS and MBA. He also has US and foreign law
degrees from Boston College and The Hague Academy of International Law, respectively. 

We believe Richard J. Berman s qualifications
to serve on our Board of Directors include his experience in the healthcare industry, and his current and past experience in numerous
private and publicly traded companies. 

Mr. Steven Gorlin has served
as the Company s director since June 2020. He has founded many biopharma companies including Hycor Biomedical, Theragenics, Medicis
Pharmaceutical, EntreMed, MRI Interventions, DARA BioSciences, MiMedx, Medivation (sold to Pfizer for 14 billion) and NantKwest. Mr.
Gorlin served for many years on the Business Advisory Council to the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and on The Johns Hopkins BioMedical
Engineering Advisory Board. He is currently a member of the Research Institute Advisory Committee (RIAC) of Massachusetts General Hospital.
He started The Touch Foundation, a nonprofit organization for the blind, and was a principal contributor to Camp Kudzu for diabetic children. 

Steve Gorlin s qualifications to serve
on our Board of Directors are primarily based on his over 45 years of experience in founding and investing in several biopharma companies,
leading multiple NASDAQ AND NYSE companies to their success. 

38 

Dr. Robert Hariri MD, PhD ,
has served as the Company s director since June 2020. Dr Hariri is the Chairman, founder, and CEO of Celularity, Inc., a leading
cellular therapeutics company. He was the founder and CEO of Anthrogenesis Corporation, and after its acquisition served as CEO of Celgene
Cellular Therapeutics. Dr. Hariri co-founded the genomic health intelligence company, Human Longevity, Inc. Dr. Hariri pioneered the use
of stem cells to treat a range of life-threatening human diseases. He is widely acknowledged for his discovery of pluripotent stem cells
and for assisting with discovering the physiological activities of tumor necrosis factor (TNF). He holds over 170 issued and pending patents. 

Robert (Bob) Hariri s qualifications
to serve on our Board of Directors are primarily based on his decades of founding and leading several companies in the cellular therapeutic
space, as well as pioneering in the use of stem cells to treat a range of life-threatening human diseases and discoveries in the physiological
activities of tumor necrosis factor. He has authored over 150 publications and garnered numerous awards for contributions to the fields
of biomedicine and aviation. 

Mr. Sigmund (Sig) Rogich has
served as the Company s director since June 2020. Sig is the CEO and President of The Rogich Communications Group and serves on
the Board of Keep Memory Alive, a philanthropic organization which raises awareness about brain disorders and Alzheimer s disease. Keep
Memory Alive funds clinical trials to advance new treatments for patients with Alzheimer s, Huntington s and Parkinson s
disease, as well as multiple sclerosis. Mr. Rogich was formerly the U.S. Ambassador to Iceland. He has served as a senior consultant
to Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush. Mr. Rogich serves on multiple boards of directors for charitable causes. 

We believe Mr. Rogich s qualifications
to serve on our Board of Directors are based on his experience in the Communications sector and philanthropic organization raising awareness
about brain disorders. His experience in service as a senior consultant to candidates of the highest office. 

Mr. Michael Sherman JD has
served as the Company director since 2017. He retired from his position as a Managing Director at Barclays Plc in 2018, where he had worked
since 2008. Previously he was a Managing Director at Lehman Brothers, Inc. He has worked in investment banking for 30 years. Mr. Sherman
has significant experience in healthcare finance, most recently assisting on a 450 million convertible transaction for Neurocrine Biosciences.
He has worked on successful financial transactions for Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Amgen Inc., Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Merck 
Co., and Cardinal Health, among other companies. After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania, Michael Sherman received his JD,
cum laude, from the Harvard Law School. 

Michael Sherman s qualifications to
serve on our Board of Directors are primarily based on his decades of finance industry experience and investment banking. Mr. Sherman
has significant experience in healthcare finance including having worked on successful financial transactions for several pharmaceutical
and healthcare focused companies. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding
Common Stock, to file with the SEC, initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. Such persons
are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all such reports they file. 

To our knowledge, based solely on a review
of the copies of such reports furnished to us regarding the filing of required reports, we believe that, except for the reports filed
by Clarence Ahlem (Form 4s filed on January 18, 2023 and February 22, 2023), Richard J. Berman (Form 4s filed on January 18, 2023, April
6, 2023 and June 15, 2023), Cuong Do (Form 4s filed on July 7, 2022, January 18, 2023, February 22, 2023 and June 26, 2023), Steve Gorlin
(Form 4 filed on January 18, 2023), Robert J. Hariri (Form 4 filed on January 18, 2023), Wendy Kim (Form 4s filed on January 8, 2023
and February 22, 2023), James Lang (Form 4 filed on January 18, 2023), Penelope Markham (Form 4s filed on January 18, 2023 and February
22, 2023), Joseph M Palumbo (Form 4s filed on January 18, 2023, February 22, 2023 and July 3, 2023), Terren Peizer (Form 3 filed on August
16, 2022 and Form 4s filed on August 26, 2022 and January 18, 2023), Christopher Reading (Form 4s filed on January 18, 2023 and February
22, 2023), Sigmund Rogich (Form 4 filed on January 18, 2023) and Michael Sherman (Form 4 filed on January 18, 2023), all Section 16(a)
reports applicable to our directors, executive officers and greater-than-ten-percent beneficial owners with respect to fiscal 2023 were
timely filed. 

39 

Independence of the Board of Directors 

Our Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. The Board of Directors has determined that six of the seven members of the Board of Directors qualify as independent, 
as defined by the listing standards of the Nasdaq. Consistent with these considerations, after review of all relevant transactions and
relationships between each director, or any of the director s family members, and the Company, its senior management and its independent
auditors, the Board has determined further that Messrs. Lang, Sherman, Berman, Gorlin, Hariri and Rogich are independent under the listing
standards of Nasdaq. In making this determination, the Board of Directors considered that there were no new transactions or relationships
between its current independent directors and the Company, its senior management and its independent auditors since last making this determination. 

2023 Meetings and Attendance 

During fiscal year 2023, the Board held four
regular Board of Directors meetings and one special meeting of the Board of Directors, four Audit Committee meetings, six Compensation
Committee meetings and one Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meeting. All Directors attended at least 75 or more of the aggregate
number of meetings of the Board and Board Committees on which they served. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our Board of Directors has three standing
committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both our audit committee
and our compensation committee will be composed solely of independent directors. The audit committee is comprised solely of independent
directors, and the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee are comprised solely of independent directors.
Each committee operates under a charter approved by our Board of Directors and have the composition and responsibilities described below.
The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of
the Board of Directors. The members of our audit committee are Richard Berman, Michael Sherman, Jim Lang and Sigmund Rogich each of whom
is an independent director within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules. Mr. Berman has served as chairman of the audit committee since October
2020 and qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by Item 401(h)(2) of Regulation S-K. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, detailing the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting
 board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance
 with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications
 and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent
 auditors; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work
 of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged
 by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and
 procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the
 auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the
 independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues
 raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm,
 or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the
 preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and
 any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting
 to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
 with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures
 under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be
 disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering
 into such transaction; and 

40 

reviewing
 with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal,
 regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government
 agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other
 regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

We have established a compensation committee
of the Board of Directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Richard Berman, Michael Sherman and Steve Gorlin. Mr. Sherman
has served as chairman of the compensation committee since October 2020. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our Board of Directors with respect to the compensation, and
 any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all
 of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management
 in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; and 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other
adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and
the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one
or more officers serving on our Board of Directors. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

We
have established a nominating and corporate governance committee of the Board of Directors. The members of our nominating and corporate
governance committee are, Jim Lang, Michael Sherman and Robert Hariri. Mr. Lang has served as chair of the nominating and corporate governance
committee since August 2021. 

We
have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating
and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying,
 screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria
 approved by the Board of Directors, and recommending to the Board of Directors candidates
 for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on
 the Board of Directors; 

41 

developing
 and recommending to the Board of Directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate
 governance guidelines; 

coordinating
 and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the Board of Directors, its committees, individual
 directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing
 on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and
 when necessary. 

The
charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice
of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search
firm s fees and other retention terms. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right
to recommend director candidates for nomination to our Board of Directors. 

Set
forth below is information concerning the gender and demographic background of each of our current directors, as self-identified and
reported by each director. This information is being provided in accordance with Nasdaq s board diversity rules. 

Board
Diversity Matrix (As of August 11, 2023) 

Total
 Number of Directors: 
 8 

Did
 Not 

Non- 
 Disclose 

Female 
 Male 
 
 Binary 
 Gender 
 
 Part
 I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 0 
 
 7 
 0 
 
 0 

Part
 II: Demographic Background 

African
 American or Black 

Alaskan
 Native or Native American 

Asian 

1 

Hispanic
 or Latinx 

Native
 Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 

3 

Two
 or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did
 Not Disclose Demographic Background 

3 

Code
 of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of conduct and ethics meeting the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code
of conduct and ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate,
timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations;
and provide accountability for adherence to the provisions of the code of ethic. Our code of conduct and ethics is available on our website . 

A
copy of our code of conduct and ethics is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

Anti-Hedging
Policy 

We
have adopted an insider trading policy that includes a provision restricting trading of any interest or provision relating to the future
price of our securities, such as a put, call or short sale. 

42 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the total compensation paid during the last two fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 to the following
executive officers of the Company, who are referred to as our named executive officers : 

Cuong
 Do, our President and Chief Executive Officer 

Joanne
 Wendy Kim, our Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

Joseph
 Palumbo, our Chief Medical Officer 

Name and Principal
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock
 Awards (1) 
 Option
 Awards (1) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Cuong
 Do (2) 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 2023 
 618,000 
 463,500 
 734,668 
 521,500 

2,337,668 

2022 
 300,000 
 400,000 
 210,439 
 3,632,382 

4,542,821 

Joanne
 Wendy Kim (3) 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary 
 2023 
 246,750 
 150,625 
 242,499 
 84,000 

723,874 

2022 
 235,000 
 127,656 
 
 582,343 

944,999 

Joseph
 Palumbo (4) 

Chief
 Medical officer 
 2022 
 525,000 
 197,000 
 242,499 
 126,000 

1,090,499 

2022 
 333,333 
 239,167 
 
 244,465 

816,965 

(1) 
 The aggregate grant date fair value of such awards were computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation (ASC Topic 718), and do not take into account estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions, if any. The valuation assumptions used in calculating these values are discussed in Note 10 of our Notes to Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. These amounts do not represent actual amounts paid or to be realized. Amounts shown are not necessarily indicative of values to be achieved, which may be more or less than the amounts shown as awards may subject to time-based vesting. The stock awards in form of RSUs and Stock Option Awards were awarded pursuant to the 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, (the 2019 Plan ). 

(2) 
 Mr. Do s salary from April 27, 2021 (date of his appointment as CEO) through December 31, 2021 was paid through RSUs. The aggregate grant date fair value of the award was 454,794 and the total 58,759 RSUs awarded allows Mr. Do to receive one shares of Common Stock for each RSU. 

(3) Ms.
 Kim served as the Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary and Treasurer on a full
 time basis effective July 1, 2021. 

(4) Dr.
 Palumbo joined the Company on November 1, 2021 and served as the Chief Medical Officer. 

Employment
Agreements 

All
employment arrangements are at will agreements. 

43 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth all outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of June 30, 2023: 

Options 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant
 Date 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options 
 Option
 exercise price 
 Option
 expiration date 
 Number
 of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
 Market
 value of shares or units of stock that have to vested 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other right that have not vested 

Cuong
 Do, CEO 
 01-19-19 
 800 

3.75 
 01-19-24 

01-19-20 
 800 

2.80 
 01-19-25 

12-18-20 
 24,375 

13.91 
 12-18-25 

08-20-21 
 387,400 
 
 357,600 
 7.74 
 08-20-31 

06-21-22 
 41,506 
 
 83,014 
 1.69 
 06-21-32 

83,014 
 357,790 

11-23-23 

59,436 
 256,169 

06-29-23 

175,000 
 4.09 
 06-29-33 

149,500 
 644,345 

Joanne
 W. Kim, CFO 
 10-01-18 
 800 

8.75 
 10-01-23 

10-01-19 
 800 

8.75 
 10-01-24 

10-01-20 
 800 

9.54 
 10-01-25 

08-20-21 
 40,726 
 
 83,441 
 7.74 
 08-20-31 

11-23-22 

29,718 
 128,085 

06-07-23 
 5,000 
 
 15,000 
 5.78 
 06-07-33 

Joseph
 M. Palumbo, CMO 
 02-01-22 
 24,833 
 
 99,334 
 3.20 
 02-01-32 

11-23-22 

29,718 
 128,085 

06-07-23 
 7,500 
 
 22,500 
 5.78 
 06-07-33 

Named executive officers held stock options
to purchase a total of 1,371,729 shares of Common Stock as of June 30, 2023, with an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately
 5.4 million, the last of which vests in 2027. Stock options granted prior to August 20, 2021, vested on the grant date; the stock options
granted on August 20, 2021 vested 20 on the grant date, with the remaining stock options vesting in five equal annual installments beginning
on the first grant date anniversary; the stock options granted on June 7, 2023, vested 25 on the grant date, with the remaining stock
options vesting in four equal annual installments beginning on the first grant date anniversary; and the stock options and stock awards
in the form RSUs granted to the CEO on June 21, 2022 and June 29, 2023 vests in three equal annual installments beginning on the first
grant date anniversary. The RSU awarded on November 23, 2022 vested 25 on the grant date with the remaining RSU vesting in three equal
annual installments beginning on the first grant date anniversary. The total RSUs outstanding awarded to the named executive officers
totaled 351,386 with a market value totaling approximately 1.5 million as of June 30, 2023. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
of Control 

There are no arrangements with the named
executive officers or our equity incentive plan or individual award agreements thereunder providing for certain payments to our named
executive officers at or following or in connection with a termination of their employment or a change of control of the Company. 

44 

Director
Compensation 

There
are no arrangements pursuant to which our directors are or will be compensated in the future for any services provided to the Company. 

The
following table provides information regarding compensation that was earned or paid to the individuals who served as non-employee directors
during the year ended June 30, 2023. Except as set forth in the table, during the fiscal year 2023, directors did not earn nor receive
cash compensation or compensation in the form of stock awards, options awards or any other form. 

Name 
 Stock awards (1) 
 Option awards(1) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation 
 Change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation 
 All other compensation 
 Total 

Jim Lang 
 266,697 

266,697 

Michael Sherman 
 
 304,500 

304,500 

Richard Berman 
 266,697 

266,697 

Steve Gorlin 
 209,549 

209,549 

Robert Hariri MD, Phd 
 209,549 

209,549 

Sigmund Rogich 
 
 223,300 

223,300 

Terren Piezer (2) 
 
 263,900 

263,900 

(1) The
 aggregate grant date fair value of such awards were computed in accordance with Financial
 Accounting Standards Board ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation (ASC Topic 718), and do not
 take into account estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions, if any.
 The valuation assumptions used in calculating these values are discussed in Note 10 of our
 Notes to Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 June 30, 2023. These amounts do not represent actual amounts paid or to be realized. Amounts
 shown are not necessarily indicative of values to be achieved, which may be more or less
 than the amounts shown as awards may subject to time-based vesting. 

(2) Mr.
 Piezer resigned from the Board of Directors effective March 2, 2023. 

Our directors are eligible to participate
in our equity incentive plans, which are administered by our Compensation Committee under authority delegated by our Board of Directors.
The terms and conditions of the option grants to our non-employee directors under our equity incentive plans are and will be determined
in the discretion of our Compensation Committee, consistent with the terms of the applicable plan. The fiscal year 2023 annual compensation
granted to existing board members consisted of either an award of RSUs at one unit per share of Common Stock, a total of 155,636 RSU at
a grant date market value of 952,492 or stock options to purchase a total of 195,000 shares of commons stock with a grant date fair value
totaling 791,700. The former chairman of the Board of Directors, the chairman of the compensation committee and a member of the audit
committee received stock options to purchase 65,000, 75,000 and 55,000 shares of Common Stock, respectively. The chairmen of the audit
committee and the corporate governance and nominating committee each received 43,578 RSUs and the members of those committees each received
34,240 RSUs. 

45 

The
following tables sets forth the outstanding equity awards held by non-employee directors as of June 30, 2023: 

Options
 (1) 
 Stock
 Awards (2) 
 
 Name 
 Grant
 Date 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options 
 Option
 exercise price 
 Option
 expiration date 
 Number
 of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
 Market
 value of shares or units of stock that have to vested 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other right that have not vested 

James
 Lang 
 01-19-19 
 800 

3.13 
 01-19-24 

01-19-20 
 800 

2.80 
 01-19-25 

12-18-20 
 74,250 
 
 24,750 
 13.91 
 12-18-25 

04-05-22 
 63,950 
 
 63,950 
 7.74 
 04-05-32 

11-23-22 

21,789 
 93,911 

Richard
 J. Berman 
 01-19-20 
 800 

2.80 
 01-19-25 

12-18-20 
 76,875 
 
 25,625 
 13.91 
 12-18-25 

04-05-22 
 64,525 
 
 64,525 
 5.04 
 04-05-27 

11-23-22 

21,789 
 93,911 

Steve
 Gorlin 
 12-18-20 
 72,225 
 
 24,075 
 13.91 
 12-18-25 

04-05-22 
 61,125 
 
 61,125 
 5.04 
 04-05-27 

11-23-22 

17,120 
 73,787 

Robert
 Hariri 
 12-18-20 
 71,925 
 
 23,975 
 13.91 
 12-18-25 

04-05-22 
 61,125 
 
 61,125 
 5.04 
 04-05-27 

11-23-22 

17,120 
 73,787 

Sigmund
 Rogich 
 12-18-20 
 72,975 
 
 24,325 
 13.91 
 12-18-25 

04-05-22 
 61,700 
 
 61,700 
 5.04 
 04-05-27 

11-23-22 
 27,500 
 
 27,500 
 6.12 
 11-23-27 

Michael
 Sherman 
 10-13-18 
 800 

6.25 
 10-13-23 

10-13-19 
 800 

7.13 
 10-13-24 

10-13-20 
 800 

9.90 
 10-13-25 

12-18-20 
 77,325 
 
 25,775 
 13.91 
 12-18-25 

04-05-22 
 65,075 
 
 65,075 
 5.04 
 04-05-27 

11-23-22 
 37,500 
 
 37,500 
 6.12 
 11-23-27 

(1) 
 There was a total of 1,483,300 stock options outstanding to directors as of June 30, 2023, with an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately 13.2 million, the last of which vest in 2027. Stock options granted on December 18, 2020 and April 5, 2022 vest 25 on grant date with the remaining stock options vesting in three annual equal installments beginning on the first grant date anniversary. Stock options granted on November 23, 2022 vest in four equal quarterly installments beginning February 9, 2023. 

(2) 
 Equity awards granted the Board of Directors on November 23, 2022 were in the form of RSUs, one unit for one share of Common Stock, vest in four equal quarterly installments beginning February 9, 2023. There were 77,460 RSUs outstanding as of June 30, 2023, with an aggregate market value of approximately 335,000. 

46 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans and Awards 

Other
than the options granted and RSU awards as described above, we do not currently have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation
intended to serve as incentive for performance. Since prior to such grants, no individual grants or agreements regarding future payouts
under non-stock price-based plans had been made to any executive officer or any director or any employee or consultant since our inception,
no future payouts under non-stock price-based plans or agreements had been granted or entered into or exercised by our officer or director
or employees or consultants. 

2019
Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 

On April 20, 2019, our Board of Directors
and our stockholders approved and adopted the 2019 Plan. The 2019 Plan allows us, under the direction of our Board of Directors or a committee
thereof, to make grants of stock options, restricted and unrestricted stock and other stock-based awards to employees, including our executive
officers, consultants and directors. The 2019 Plan allows for the issuance of up to 6,540,000 shares of common pursuant to new awards
granted under the 2019 Plan and as of June 30, 2023, there were 2,269,952 shares of Common Stock available for new awards granted under
the 2019 Plan. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information [1] 

The
following table provides certain aggregate information with respect to all of the Company s equity compensation plans in effect
as of June 30, 2023: 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding
 options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options,
 warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future
 issuance under equity compensation pans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 4,530,121 
 6.71 
 2,269,952 
 
 Equity compensation not approved by security holders 

Total 
 4,530,121 
 6.71 
 2,269,952 

PAY
VERSUS PERFORMANCE 

As
required by Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information regarding the relationship between executive compensation
and our financial performance for each of the last two completed calendar years. In determining the compensation actually paid 
to our named executive officers NEOs ), we are required to make various adjustments to amounts that have been previously
reported in the Summary Compensation Table in previous years, as the SEC s valuation methods for this section differ from those
required in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Pay
Versus Performance Table 

The
table below summarizes compensation values both previously reported in our Summary Compensation Table, as well as the adjusted values
required in this section for fiscal years 2022 and 2023. Note that for our NEOs other than our principal executive officer (the PEO ),
compensation is reported as an average. 

47 

Year 
 Summary
 Compensation Table Total for PEO 
 )(1)(2) 
 Compensation
 Actually Paid to PEO 
 )(1)(3) 
 Average
 Summary Compensation Table Total for Non-PEO Named Executive Officers 
 )(1)(4) 
 Average
 Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO Named Executive Officers 
 )(1)(5) 
 Value
 of Initial Fixed 100 Investment Based on Total Shareholder Return 
 )(6) 
 Net
 Loss 
 )(7) 
 (in
 thousands) 
 
 2023 
 2,337,668 
 3,434,517 
 1,185,289 
 1,185,289 
 25.43 
 (50,256) 
 
 2022 
 4,542,821 
 916,050 
 605,653 
 605,653 
 8.55 
 (25,084) 

(1) During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, the PEO was Cuong Do. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, the non-PEO NEOs were Joanne W Kim and Joseph M Palumbo M.D. 

(2) The
 dollar amounts reported are the amounts of total compensation reported for Mr. Do and the
 average total compensation reported for Non-PEO Named Executive Officers for the applicable
 fiscal year in the Total column of the Summary Compensation Table (SCT). 

(3) The
 following table sets forth the adjustments made to the SCT total for each year represented
 in the pay versus performance table to arrive at compensation actually paid 
 to our PEO, as computed in accordance with Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 SCT
 Total for PEO 
 2,337,668 
 4,542,821 
 
 Less:
 Amount reported under the Stock Awards column in the SCT 
 (1,256,168) 
 (3,842,821) 
 
 Add:
 Fair value as of fiscal year-end of awards granted during the fiscal year that are outstanding and unvested as of the end of the
 fiscal year 
 2,770,583 
 - 
 
 Add:
 Change in fair value as of fiscal year-end, compared to prior fiscal year-end, of awards granted in any prior fiscal year that are
 outstanding and unvested as of the end of the fiscal year 
 (1,545,275) 
 - 
 
 Add:
 Fair value as of vest date of awards granted and vested in the fiscal year 
 1,186,095 
 1,153,260 
 
 Add:
 Change in fair value as of vesting date, compared to prior fiscal year-end, of awards granted in any prior fiscal year for which
 all vesting conditions were satisfied at fiscal year-end or during the fiscal year 
 (58,386) 
 (937,210) 
 
 Less:
 Forfeitures during fiscal year equal to prior fiscal year-end value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 Adjustments 
 1,096,849 
 (3,626,771) 
 
 Compensation
 Actually Paid to PEO 
 3,434,517 
 916,050 

(4) The
 following table sets forth the adjustments made to the SCT total for each year represented
 in the pay versus performance table to arrive at compensation actually paid 
 to our PEO, as computed in accordance with Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K: 

48 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Average
 SCT Total for Non-PEO NEOs 
 907,186 
 880,982 
 
 Less:
 Amount reported under the Stock Awards column in the SCT 
 (347,499) 
 (413,404) 
 
 Add:
 Fair value as of fiscal year-end of awards granted during the fiscal year that are outstanding and unvested as of the end of the
 fiscal year 
 551,399 
 144,034 
 
 Add:
 Fair value as of vest date of awards granted and vested in the fiscal year 
 96,750 
 135,839 
 
 Add: change in fair value as of vesting date, compared to prior fiscal year-end of awards granted in any prior fiscal year for which all vesting conditions were satisfied at fiscal year-end or during the fiscal year 
 (22,548) 
 (141,798) 
 
 Less: Forfeitures during fiscal year equal to prior fiscal year-end value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 Adjustments 
 278,102 
 (275,329) 
 
 Average
 Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO NEOs 
 1,185,289 
 605,653 

(5) The
 amounts reported represent the measurement period value of an investment of 100 in our stock
 on June 30, 2021 (the last trading day before the 2022 fiscal year), and then valued again
 on each of June 30, 2022 (the last trading day of the 2022 fiscal year) and June 30, 2023
 (the last trading day of the 2023 fiscal year), based on the closing price per share of the
 Company s common stock as of such dates and assuming the reinvestment of dividends. 

(6) The
 amounts reported represent net loss for the applicable fiscal year calculated in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 

49 

Relationship
Between CAP Amounts and Performance Measures 

The
following charts show graphically the relationships over the past two years of the CAP Amounts for the PEO and the Other NEOs as compared
to our (i) cumulative total shareholder return and (ii) net loss. 

While
the Compensation Committee makes executive compensation decisions in consideration of a variety of factors, including corporate and individual
performance, the decisions of the Compensation Committee and Board of Directors in 2022 and 2023 were made independently of these disclosure
requirements. 

50 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Based solely upon information made available
to us, the following table sets forth information as of August 9, 2023 regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of
 Common Stock; 

each
 of our named executive officers and directors; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

The percentage ownership information shown in
the table is based upon 36,765,035 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of August 9, 2023. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
Except as otherwise indicated, each person or entity named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of our capital shown as beneficially owned, subject to applicable community property laws. 

In
computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a person as of a particular date, shares that may be acquired by
such person (for example, upon the exercise of options or warrants) within 60 days of such date are counted as outstanding, while these
shares are not counted as outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

The
address of each holder listed below, except as otherwise indicated, is c/o BioVie Inc., 680 W Nye Lane, Suite 201, Carson City, Nevada
89703. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Common Shares of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Named
 executive officers and directors: 

James Lang (1) 
 170,570 

Richard Berman (2) 
 110,738 

Steve Gorlin (3) 
 178,468 

Robert Hariri (4) 
 119,895 

Sigmund Rogich (5) 
 145,075 

Michael Sherman (6) 
 202,525 

Cuong Do (7) 
 738,312 
 2.0 
 
 Joanne Wendy Kim (8) 
 80,397 

Joseph Palumbo (9) 
 38,263 

All directors and executive officers as a group (9) 
 1,784,243 
 4.8 
 
 5 Stockholders 

Acuitas Group Holdings (10) 
 30,503,938 
 69.1 

Less than 1 

(1) Includes warrants
to purchase 17,333 shares of Common Stock and options to purchase 134,636 shares of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable
within 60 days of August 9, 2023. 

(2) Includes options
to purchase 109,138 shares of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable within 60 days of August 9, 2023. 

(3) Includes options
to purchase 102,788 shares of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable within 60 days of August 9, 2023. 50,000 shares of
common stock is held by Mr. Gorlin s wife. 

(4) Includes options to
 purchase 102,775 shares of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable within 60 days of August 9, 2023. 

(5) Includes options
to purchase 145,175 shares of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable within 60 days of August 9, 2023. 

51 

(6) Includes warrants
to purchase 13,333 shares of Common Stock and options to purchase 168,513 shares of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable
within 60 days of August 9, 2023. Common stock held of record by Sherman Children s Trust Brian Krisber, Trustee. All shares
of common stock, warrants and options are deemed to be beneficially owned or controlled by Michael Sherman. 

(7) Includes warrants to
 purchase 70,666 shares of Common Stock and options to purchase 455,681 shares of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable within
 60 days of August 9, 2023. 211,965 shares of Common Stock and warrants are held of record by Do Rickles
 Investments, LLC, a limited liability company 100 owned by Cuong Do and his wife, and as such, Mr. Do may be deemed to beneficially
 own or control. 

(8) Include options
to purchase shares 70,967of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable within 60 days of August 9, 2023. 

(9) Includes options
to purchase 30,833 shares of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable within 60 days of August 9, 2023. 

(10) Includes warrants
to purchase 7,272,728 shares of Common Stock and options to purchase 65,000 shares of Common Stock, all of which are exercisable
within 60 days of August 9, 2023. All shares held of record by Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company 100 
owned by Terren Peizer, and as which Mr. Peizer may be deemed to beneficially own or control. Mr. Peizer disclaims beneficial
of any such securities. 

52 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since June 30, 2022, to which we have been a party in which the amount involved exceeded
or will exceed the lesser of (i) 120,000 and (ii) one percent (1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the prior two
fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock or any
member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

On July 15, 2022, the Company, entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Acuitas, pursuant to which Acuitas agreed to purchase from
the Company, in a private placement (the Private Placement ), (i) an aggregate of 3,636,364 shares of the Company s
Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share at a price of 1.65 per share, and (ii) a warrant to purchase 7,272,728 shares of Common
Stock, at an exercise price of 1.82, with a term of exercise of five years; (collectively, the Securities ). The aggregate
purchase price for the Securities sold in the Private Placement was 6 million. The Private Placement closed on August 15, 2022. 

Review and Approval of Transactions with
Related Persons 

Either the audit committee or the Board of
Directors approves all related party transactions. The procedure for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions
involves discussing the proposed transaction with management, discussing the proposed transaction with the external auditors, reviewing
financial statements and related disclosures, and reviewing the details of major deals and transactions to ensure that they do not involve
related party transactions. Members of management have been informed and understand that they are to bring related party transactions
to the audit committee or the Board of Directors for pre-approval. These policies and procedures are evidenced in the audit committee
charter and our code of ethics. 

53 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table shows what the auditor billed for the audit and other services for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

2023 
 2022 

Audit Fees 
 317,772 
 223,102 
 
 Audit - Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All other Fees 

Total 
 317,772 
 223,102 

Audit
Fees This category includes the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, review of financial statements included
in the Company s Form 10-Q Quarterly Reports and services that are normally provided by the independent auditors in connection
with engagements for those years. 

Audit-Related
Fees N/A 

Tax
Fees N/A 

All Other
Fees N/A 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-audit Services of Independent Public Accountant 

Consistent
with SEC policies regarding auditor independence, the Audit Committee has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing
the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established
a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Prior
to engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm for the next year s audit, management will submit an aggregate
of services expected to be rendered during that year for each of four categories of services to the Audit Committee for approval. 

1. Audit
 services include audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements,
 as well as work that generally only an independent registered public accounting firm can
 reasonably be expected to provide, including comfort letters, statutory audits, and attest
 services and consultation regarding financial accounting and/or reporting standards. 

2. Audit-Related
 services are for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed
 by an independent registered public accounting firm, including due diligence related to mergers
 and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures required to meet certain
 regulatory requirements. 

3. Tax
 services include all services performed by an independent registered public accounting
 firm s tax personnel except those services specifically related to the audit of the
 financial statements, and includes fees in the areas of tax compliance, tax planning, and
 tax advice. 

4. Other
 Fees are those associated with services not captured in the other categories. The
 Company generally does not request such services from our independent registered public accounting
 firm. 

Prior
to engagement, the Audit Committee pre-approves these services by category of service. The fees are budgeted and the Audit Committee
requires our independent registered public accounting firm and management to report actual fees versus the budget periodically throughout
the year by category of service. During the year, circumstances may arise when it may become necessary to engage our independent registered
public accounting firm for additional services not contemplated in the original pre-approval. In those instances, the Audit Committee
requires specific pre-approval before engaging our independent registered public accounting firm. 

The
Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated must
report, for informational purposes only, any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

54 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1),(2) Financial Statements 

The
Financial Statements listed on page F-1 of this document are filed as part of this filing. 

(a)(3)
 Exhibits 

The
following is a list of exhibits filed as a part of this report: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 11, 2016, among the Company, LAT Acquisition Corp and LAT Pharma, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2016). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 15, 2013, File No. 333-190635). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2016). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed on July 13, 2018). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2018). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 22, 2019, File No. 333-231136). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, dated June 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2021). 
 
 3.7 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, dated March 12, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate representing shares of Class A Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 26, 2019, File No. 333-231136). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2019). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of 10 OID Convertible Delayed Draw Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2019). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 30, 2021). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 18, 2022). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2021). 
 
 10.1# 
 
 BioVie Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C, filed on May 8, 2019). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated April 27, 2021, among the Company, NeurMedix, Inc. and Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 of the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 9, 2021, among the Company, NeurMedix, Inc. and Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 13, 2023, among the Company, Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC and Acuitas Group
 Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12,
 2023). 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Employment Offer Agreement, between Chris Reading and the Company, dated June 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2021). 

55 

10.6# 
 
 Employment Offer Agreement, between Clarence Ahlem and the Company, dated June 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2021). 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Employment Offer Agreement, between Joanne Wendy Kim and the Company, dated June 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2021). 
 
 10.8# 
 
 Employment Offer Agreement, between Penelope Markham and the Company, dated September 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2021). 
 
 10.9# 
 
 Employment Offer Agreement, between Joseph Palumbo and the Company, dated September 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, among the Company, Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P. and Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2021). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Supplement to Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, among the Company, Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P. and Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2021). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 15, 2022, by and between the Company and Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 18, 2022). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Controlled
 Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated August 31, 2022, among the Company, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and B. Riley
 Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 31,
 2022). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 15, 2022, by and between BioVie Inc. and Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics of BioVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-231136). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

#
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

56 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BIOVIE
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Cuong Do 

Name: 
 Cuong
 Do 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Person 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Cuong Do 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 August
 16, 2023 
 
 Cuong
 Do 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Joanne Wendy Kim 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 August
 16, 2023 
 
 Joanne
 Wendy Kim 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Jim Lang 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 16, 2023 
 
 Jim
 Lang 

/s/
 Michael Sherman 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 16, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Sherman 

/s/
 Richard J. Berman 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 16, 2023 
 
 Richard
 J. Berman 

/s/
 Steve Gorlin 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 16, 2023 
 
 Steve
 Gorlin 

/s/
 Robert Hariri 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 16, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Hariri 

/s/
 Sigmund Rogich 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 16, 2023 
 
 Sigmund
 Rogich 

57 

BioVie,
Inc. 

 Index
to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Number 
 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F- 4 
 
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 BioVie,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
BioVie, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss,
changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s recurring
losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Research and development expenses and related accruals 

As described in Note 3 to the accompanying financial
statements, research and development expenses consists primarily of costs associated with the preclinical and/or clinical trials of drug
candidates, compensation and other expenses for research and development, supplies and development materials, costs for consultants and
related contract research and third-party facility costs. The amounts recorded for clinical trial expenses represent the Company s
estimates of clinical trial expenses based on facts and circumstances known to the Company at that time, and are dependent upon the timely
and accurate reporting of contract research organizations and other third-party vendors. 

We identified the accounting for the research
and development expenses and related accruals to be a critical audit matter due to the degree of management judgement in ensuring they
are complete and accurate, their significance, their increase from the prior year, and the risk of material misstatement due to the nature
and timing of these costs and accruals. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in applying the
procedures related to their accounting. 

 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included, obtaining
an understanding of management s process and evaluating the design of controls over research and development expenses and the completeness
and accuracy of related accruals, reading the terms of the master service agreements and statements of work for significant vendors and
making selections of transactions to determine the adequacy of the support, their mathematical accuracy and their recording as research
and development expenses. We also made inquiries of management and reviewed subsequent payments of major research and development expenses
to ensure that accruals were complete as of June 30, 2023. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

EISNERAMPER
LLP 

August
16, 2023 

F- 3 

BioVie
Inc. 

 Balance
Sheets 

June 30 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and
 cash equivalents 

Investments in U.S.
 Treasury Bills 

Prepaids
 and other assets 

Total
 current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 

Intangible assets,
 net 

Goodwill 

Other assets, non-current 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and
 accrued expenses 

Current portion of
 other liabilities 

Current portion of
 operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of
 Note payable, net of financing cost, unearned premium and discount of at June 30, 2023 

Warrant liabilities 

Embedded
 derivative liability 

Total
 current liabilities 

Other liabilities,
 net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities,
 net of current portion 

Note
 payable, net of current portion, financing cost, unearned premium and discount of at June 30, 2023 and 
 at June 30, 2022 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies
 (Note 12) 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY : 

Preferred stock; 
 par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, 
 par value; shares authorized at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively; shares issued of which 
 shares outstanding at June 30, 2023 and issued and outstanding at June 30, 2022; 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury
 stock 

Total
 stockholders equity 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

BioVie
Inc. 

 Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Amortization 

Research and development expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME): 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

TOTAL OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME), NET 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 

- Basic 

- Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

- Basic 

- Diluted 

NET LOSS 

Other comprehensive income 

Unrealized gain on investments for available-for-sale 

Other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

BioVie
Inc. 

 Statements
of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 
 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 Paid
 in 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance,
 June 30, 2021 

Stock
 option-based compensation 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock, net costs of 2,224,992 

Stock
 based compensation restricted stock 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 June 30, 2022 

Stock
 option-based compensation 

Stock-based
 compensation restricted stock units 

Stock-based
 compensation issuance of common stock 

Cashless
 exercise of options 

Cashless
 exercise of warrants 

Proceeds
 from exercise of options 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock, net costs of 2,008,898 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock, net of costs of 94,160 Related Party 

Unrealized
 gain on available-for-sale securities 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 June 30, 2023 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

BioVie
Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
 activities: 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Stock based compensation restricted stock units 

Stock based compensation expense stock options 

Stock based compensation expense stock issued 

Amortization of financing costs 

Accretion of unearned loan discount 

Accretion of loan premium 

Change in operating lease right-of-use assets 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaids and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of U.S. Treasury Bills 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from note payable net of financing costs 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net proceeds from issuance of common
 stock Related Party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents,
 beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents,
 end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH
 FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Right of use assets
 obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Unrealized gain on
 U.S. Treasury Bills 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 7 

BioVie
Inc. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

million, cash and cash equivalents and
US treasury bills totaling of approximately million, stockholders equity of approximately million, and an accumulated
deficit of approximately million. The Company is in the pre-revenue stage and no revenues are expected in the foreseeable future.
The Company s future operations are dependent on the success of the Company s ongoing development and commercialization efforts,
as well as its ability to secure additional financing as needed. Although our cash balance may possibly sustain operations over the next
12 months from the balance sheet date if measures are taken to delay planned expenditures in our research protocols and slow the progress
in the Company s development of next phase clinical programs, the Company s current planned operations to meet certain goals
and objectives, project cash flows to be depleted within that period of time. 

The
future viability of the Company is largely dependent upon its ability to raise additional capital to finance its operations. Management
expects that future sources of funding may include sales of equity, obtaining loans, or other strategic transactions. 

The Impact of COVID-19 pandemic created a widespread
labor shortage, including a shortage of medical professionals, and has impacted and may continue to impact the potential patient participation
in our studies, which may adversely impact our ability to continue or complete our clinical trials in the planned timeline. 

Although
management continues to pursue the Company s strategic plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining
sufficient financing on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all, to fund continuing operations. These circumstances raise substantial
doubt on the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

such interest or penalty. 

Warrants 

Restricted Stock Units 

Total 

t recognize any goodwill impairments for the years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022. 

The Company purchased a total of approximately million of U.S.
Treasury Bills during the year ended June 30, 2023. The U.S Treasury Bills that matured were approximately million and none were
sold before maturity. 

Less Accumulated Amortization 

Intellectual Property, Net 

Amortization
expense amounted to for each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company amortizes intellectual property
over the expected original useful lives of . 

Estimated
future amortization expense is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

shares of the Company s Common Stock, at a price of 1.65 per share (the PIPE Shares ), and (ii) a warrant to purchase
7,272,728 shares of Common Stock PIPE Warrant Shares ), at an exercise price of 1.82, with a term of exercise of five
years. The warrant has a down round feature that reduces the exercise price of the warrant if the Company sells stock at a price lower
than the exercise price of the warrant. On August 15, 2022, the Company received net proceeds of approximately 5.9 million, net of costs
of approximately 94,000, and entered into an amended and restated registration agreement with Acuitas, which amended and restated that
certain registration rights agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Acuitas (the Existing Registration
Rights Agreement ), to amend the definition of Registrable Securities in the Existing Registration Rights Agreement
to include the PIPE Shares and the PIPE Warrant Shares as Registrable Securities thereunder. 

Asset
Acquisition with NeurMedix 

On April 27, 2021, the Company entered into an
Asset Purchase Agreement APA with NeurMedix and Acuitas, which are related party affiliates, pursuant to which the Company
acquired certain assets from NeurMedix and assumed certain liabilities of NeurMedix. The acquired assets include, among others, certain
assets related to the drug candidates then being developed by NeurMedix, including NE3107. On June 10, 2021, and pursuant to the terms
of the APA, the Company issued to Acuitas (as NeurMedix s assignee) 8,361,308 shares of the Company s Common Stock and made
a cash payment to Acuitas of approximately 2.3 million. Since the transaction was between entities under common control, there were no
fair value adjustments of the purchased assets, and the historical cost basis of the purchased assets was zero. The total consideration
paid was expensed as in process research and development expense in the year ended June 30, 2021. 

Subject to the terms and conditions of APA, as
amended on May 9, 2021, the Company may be obligated to deliver contingent stock consideration to NeurMedix (or its successor) consisting
of up to 18 million shares of the Company s Common Stock, with 4.5 million shares issuable upon the achievement of each of the
four milestones related to certain clinical, regulatory and commercial milestones set forth in the APA, subject to a cap limiting the
issuance of shares if such issuance would result in the beneficial ownership of NeurMedix and its affiliates exceeding 87.5 of the
Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock. 

 and million, and included and ,
respectively, of a retention bonus payable for arrangements with certain employees. The payment terms of the total retention bonus arrangements
of recognized in August 2021 provided for equal monthly installments over a 24-month period and began in August 2021. 

 plus
the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal and (b) 10.75 . The prime rate at June 30, 2023 was . The Loan is secured
by a lien upon and security interest in all of the Company s assets, including intellectual property, subject to agreed exceptions.
The maturity date of the Loan is December 1, 2024. 

The
Loan Agreement requires monthly interest-only payments during the first eighteen months of the term of the Loan. Following the interest-only
period, the Company will make equal monthly payments of principal, plus accrued interest, until the Loan s maturity date when all
remaining principal and accrued interest is due. If the Company prepays the Loan, it will be required to pay (a) a prepayment fee in
an amount equal to 3.0 of the principal amount of the Loan that is prepaid during the interest-only period; and (b) a prepayment fee
in an amount equal to 1.0 of the principal amount of the Loan that is prepaid after the interest-only period. At the Loan s maturity
date, or on the date of the prepayment of the Loan, the Company will be obligated to pay a final payment equal to 4.25 of the Loan commitment
amount, the sum of Tranche 1 and Tranche 2. 

The
Loan Agreement includes a conversion option to convert up to 5.0 million of the principal amount of the Loan outstanding at the option
of Avenue, into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 6.98 per share. 

On
the Closing Date, the Company issued to Avenue warrants to purchase 361,002 shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Avenue
Warrants at an exercise price per share equal to 5.82. The Avenue Warrants are exercisable until November 30, 2026. 

The
amount of the carrying value of the notes payable was determined by allocating portions of the outstanding principal of the notes; approximately
 million to the fair value of the Avenue Warrants and approximately million to the fair value of the embedded conversion option.
Accordingly, the total amount of unearned discount of approximately million, the total direct financing cost of approximately 
and premium of are recognized on an effective interest method over the term of the Loan. The adjusted effective interest rate
is 25 . The total interest expense of approximately million for the year ended June 30, 2023, was recognized in the accompanying
statements of operations and comprehensive loss and included the interest only payments totaling approximately million, the amortization of financing costs
of approximately , unearned discount of approximately million and the accretion of loan premium of approximately . 

The
total interest expense of approximately million for the year ended June 30, 2022; was recognized in the accompanying statements
of operations and comprehensive loss and included the interest only payments totaling approximately , the amortization of financing costs of approximately
 , unearned discount of approximately 934,000 and the accretion of loan premium totaled of approximately . 

As
of June 30, 2023, the remaining principal balance of 15 million under the Loan is payable in 18 monthly equal installments beginning
July 1, 2023; for a total of 10.0 million and 5.0 million in the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2025 respectively. 

The
following is a summary of the Note Payable as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 

Current
portion of Notes Payable 

Less debt financing costs 

Less unearned discount 

Plus accretion of loan premium 

Current portion of Notes Payable, net of financing costs, unearned premiums and
 discount 

Non-current
portion of Notes Payable 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

Notes Payable 

Less debt financing costs 

Less unearned discount 

Plus accretion of loan premium 

Notes Payable, net of the current portion financing costs, unearned premiums
 and discount 

Estimated
future amortization expense and accretion of premium is as follows: 

2025 

Total 

Derivative liability - Conversion option on notes payable 

Total derivatives 

Fair Value Measurements at 

June 30, 2022 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 

Derivative liability - Warrants 

Derivative liability - Conversion option on note payable 

Total derivatives 

The
following table presents the activity for liabilities measured at fair value using unobservable inputs for the years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022: 

Change in fair value of level 3 liability 

Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Additions to level 3 liabilities 

Change in in fair value of level 3 liability 

Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

The
fair values of derivative liabilities for the Avenue Warrants and conversion option at June 30, 2023 in the accompanying balance sheet,
were approximately 894,000 and approximately 926,000, respectively. The total change in the fair value of the derivative liabilities
totaled approximately 1.4 million and 3.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively; and accordingly, was recorded
in the accompanying statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model to value the derivative liabilities at June
30, 2023 included the closing stock price of per share; for the Avenue Warrants, the exercise price of , remaining term 
year, risk free rate of and volatility of ; and for the embedded derivative liability of the conversion option, the conversion
price of ; remaining term years, risk free rate of and volatility of . 

Derivative
liability Avenue Warrants 

The
Company accounts for stock purchase warrants as either equity instruments or derivative liabilities depending on the specific terms
of the warrant agreements. Under applicable accounting guidance, stock warrants that are precluded from being indexed to the
Company s own stock because of full-rachet and anti-dilution provisions or adjustments to the strike price due to an occurrence
of a future event are accounted for as derivative financial instruments. The Avenue Warrants were not considered to be indexed to
the Company s own stock, and accordingly, were recorded as a derivative liability at fair value in the accompany balance sheets at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

The
Black Scholes model was used to calculate the fair value of the warrant derivative to bifurcate the warrant derivative amount from the
Avenue Loan amount funded. The Avenue Warrants are recorded at their fair values at the date of issuance and remeasured at June 30, 2023.
The assumptions used for the fair value calculation at November 30, 2021 included: the closing stock price of per share; the exercise
price of ; year term; a risk free rate of and volatility of . 

Embedded
derivative liability Conversion Option 

The
embedded derivative liability represents the optional conversion feature of up to 5.0 million of the outstanding Loan, which meets the
definition of a derivative and requires bifurcation from the loan amount. 

The
Black Scholes model was used to calculate the fair value of the embedded derivative to bifurcate the embedded derivative amount representing
the conversion option from the Loan amount funded. The assumption used for the fair value calculation at November 30, 2021 included:
the closing stock price of per share; the conversion price of ; year term; risk free rate of and volatility of . 

Financial
assets 

As
of June 30, 2023, investments in U.S. Treasury Bills were valued through use of quoted prices and are classified as Level 1. The following
table presents information about our assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis using the above input categories. 

U.S. Treasury Bills due in 3 months or less 

U.S. Treasury Bills due in 3 - 6 months 

Total 

Fair Value Measurements at 

June 30, 2022 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 

Cash 

U.S. Treasury Bills due in 3 months or less 

U.S. Treasury Bills due in 3 - 6 months 

Total 

Granted 

Options
 Expired 

Options
 Forfeited 

Outstanding
 at June 30, 2022 

Granted 

Options
 Expired 

Options
 Canceled 

Options
 Exercised 

Outstanding
 at June 30, 2023 

Exercisable
 at June 30, 2023 

The
fair value of each option grant on the date of grant is estimated using the Black-Scholes option. The pricing model reflects the following
weighted-average assumptions for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Expected volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Dividend Yield 

Expected
volatility is based on the historical volatilities of three comparable companies of the daily closing price of their respective Common
Stock and the expected life of options is based on historical data with respect to employee exercise periods. The Company accounts for
forfeitures as they are incurred. 

The
Company recorded stock option-based compensation expense of approximately million and million for the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
following is a summary of stock options outstanding and exercisable by exercise price as of June 30, 2023: 

Issuance
of Common Stock through exercise of Stock Options and Warrants 

In December 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock pursuant to a cashless exercise of stock options
to purchase shares at an average exercise price of . 

In
November 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock pursuant to a cash exercise of stock options to purchase shares at an
average exercise price of per share. 

In
October 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock pursuant to a cashless exercise of warrants to purchase shares at
an average exercise price of . 

In
May 2023, the Company issued shares of Common Stock pursuant to a cashless exercise of stock options to purchase shares at an
average exercise price of . 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

During the three months ended September 30, 2021,
the Company issued of its Class A common stock at 8.00 per share in connection with its registered public offering of approximately
 million, net of issuance costs of approximately million. 

On August 31, 2022, the Company entered into a
Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and B. Riley Securities,
Inc. (collectively, the Agents ), pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell from time-to-time shares of the Company s
common stock through the Agents, subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement. On April 6, 2023, the Company and B. Riley
Securities, Inc. mutually agreed to terminate B. Riley Securities, Inc. s role as a sales agent under the Sales Agreement. During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company sold shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement for total net proceeds of 
million after 3 commissions and expenses of approximately million. 

Issuance
of restricted stock units for services 

On
August 20, 2021, the Company awarded RSUs to the Company s President and CEO under
the Company s 2019 Omnibus Incentive Equity Plan (the 2019 Omnibus Plan as his salary for the period from April
27, 2021, the date of his appointment, through December 31, 2021. The number of RSUs awarded was based on a prorated annual base salary
of 600,000 at a 10 discount to the grant date fair value of per share of the Company s Common Stock. Each RSU awarded to
the CEO entitled him to receive one share of Common Stock upon vesting. A total of 15,339 RSUs (representing the pro rata portion of
the RSU award for the period from April 27, 2021 to June 30, 2021) vested at the grant date, 21,710 vested at September 30, 2021 and
the remaining 21,710 vested at December 31, 2021. Accordingly, the CEO was issued an aggregate of shares of Common Stock over
the vesting period of the RSUs. The stock-based compensation expense related to these RSUs was for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

On
June 21, 2022, the Company awarded RSUs to the President and CEO under the Company s 2019 Omnibus Plan. Each RSU awarded
to the CEO entitles him to receive one share of Common Stock upon vesting. The RSUs vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the first grant anniversary date. RSUs vested in June 2023 at a fair value of per share of the Company s Common
Stock. The stock-based compensation expense related to these RSUs was approximately and for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

On
November 23, 2022, the Company awarded RSUs to certain employees and a consultant, with a grant date fair value of per
share. 25 of these RSUs vested on the grant date and the remaining RSUs vest in three equal installments over three years
beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the stock-based compensation expense
related to these RSUs was . On February 16, 2023, the Company delivered the vested portion of the RSU s and issued 
shares of Common Stock net of withholding. shares issued to employees were withheld in Treasury stock in exchange for payment
of withholding tax on behalf of the employees. 

On
November 23, 2022, the Company issued equity awards for the Board of Directors annual compensation. Four directors received RSUs
to purchase a total of shares of Common Stock at the grant date fair value of per share, a total cost of recognized
as stock compensation in the year ended June 30, 2023. Three directors received stock options to purchase shares
of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, the grant date fair value. The total stock compensation cost of stock options
of was recognized in the year ended June 30, 2023. The equity awards vest every three months beginning from the
last annual shareholders meeting on November 9, 2022, on February 9, 2023, May 9, 2023, August 9, 2023 and earlier of November
9, 2023 or the next annual shareholders meeting. While the agreements contain certain contractual vesting terms, there are circumstances
where the vesting can be accelerated that is not within the Company s control and as a result, for accounting purposes, the awards
are assumed to have been fully vested on the grant date, accordingly, the Company recognized the total compensation cost of 
on November 23, 2022. On February 9, 2023, the Company delivered the vested portion and issued shares of Common Stock. On May 9, 2023, the Company delivered the vested portion and issued shares of Common Stock. 

On
June 20, 2023, the Company awarded RSUs to the President and CEO under the Company s 2019 Omnibus Plan. Each RSU awarded
to the CEO entitles him to receive one share of Common Stock upon vesting. The RSUs vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the first grant date anniversary. 

Compensation expense related to vested RSUs for
the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately 1.8 million. 

The
following table summarizes vesting of restricted common stock: 

Unvested at June 30, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

Unvested at June 30, 2023 

Issuance
of Shares for Services 

On
April 6, 2023, the Company awarded shares of Common Stock to a vendor as part of their fees in exchange for services. The fair
value of the Common Stock at the date of issuance was per share. The stock-based compensation expense related to this Common Stock
issuance was . 

Issuance
of Stock Options under the 2019 Omnibus Plan. 

On
August 20, 2021, the Company granted stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock to the executive management team. 20 of the shares underlying the options awarded vested on the grant date, and the remaining 80 will vest equally over a -year
period, on the first, second, third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the grant date. The exercise price of the options is per share,
the grant date fair value of the stock, and the options terminate on the earlier of the tenth anniversary of the grant date or the date
on which the options have been fully exercised. 

On
April 5, 2022, the Company granted stock options to purchase 755,000 shares of Common Stock to the independent directors of the board
as compensation for services at an exercise price of 
 per share, the grant date fair value. 
 of the shares underlying the options awarded
vested on the grant date, and the remaining 
 vest ratably over three 
 years on the first, second, and third anniversary
of the grant date. The options terminate on the earlier of the fifth anniversary of the grant date or the date as of Xwhich the options
are fully exercised. 

Pursuant
to a former employee Separation Agreement, dated April 11, 2022, the Company modified a former employee s stock option award granted
on August 20, 2021, pursuant to the 2019 Omnibus Plan 2021 Options Grant ). Pursuant to the terms of the Separation Agreement,
effective on July 8, 2022 the Separation Date ), the Company accelerated the vesting of options scheduled to vest on the
first and second anniversary of the grant date as deemed vested Accelerated Options and after giving effect to the Accelerated
Options, extended the exercise period of the total vested outstanding and unexercised options (totaling 74,500 options) to one year following
the Separation Date. The unvested portion of the 2021 Option Grant (totaling 49,667 options) was canceled. The modification was remeasured
as of July 8, 2022, and the incremental difference totaled 181,154, net credit, due to the original exercise price of 7.74 being greater
than the stock price of 1.80 on the remeasurement date, and accordingly was recognized on July 8, 2022. 

On
June 21, 2022, the Company granted stock options to purchase 
shares of Common Stock to the CEO. The options vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the first grant date anniversary. The exercise price is 
per share, the grant date fair value, and the options terminate on the tenth anniversary of the grant date. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the Company granted stock options to purchase a total of shares of Common Stock in connection
with compensation packages of seven new employees. The exercise prices were based on each of respective the grant date fair values with
vesting terms over a five years period and the options terminate on the earlier of tenth grant date anniversary or the date of which
the options are fully exercised. 

On
June 7, 2023, the Company granted stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock to the certain employees. 20 of
the shares underlying the options awarded vested on the grant date, and the remaining will vest in four equal annual installments
beginning, on the first grant date anniversary. The exercise price of the options is per share, the grant date fair value of the
stock, and the options terminate on the earlier of the tenth grant date anniversary or the date of which the options are fully exercised. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company granted stock options to purchase a total of share of Common Stock in connection
with compensation packages of three new employees. The exercise prices were as of each respective grant date fair value with vesting
terms over five year period and the options terminate on the earlier of tenth grant date anniversary or the date of which the options
are fully exercised. 

Forfeiture
of Stock Options 

On
August 27, 2021, the Chief Executive Officer forfeited unvested stock options to purchase up to shares of Common Stock that were
previously granted to him as compensation as an independent director of the Board of Directors. 

Stock
Warrants 

The
following table summarizes the warrants activity during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Granted 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2022 

Granted 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2023 

The
total warrants outstanding at June 30, 2023 expire in the following fiscal years ending June 30 as follows: 101,380 in 2025; 35,175 expire
in 2026; and 7,633,730 in 2027. 

 and for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively; were included in
the accompanying statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

The
right-of-use asset, net and current and non current portion of the operating lease liabilities included in the accompany balance sheets
at June 30 follows: 

Liabilities 

Current
 portion of operating lease liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total
 operating lease liabilities 

At
June 30, 2023, the future estimated minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows: 

2025 

Total
 minimum lease payments 

Less
 amount representing interest 

Present
 value of future minimum lease payments 

Less
 current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total
cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities were and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, respectively. 

The
weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate as of June 30, 2023, and 2022 were as follows: 

Weighted
 average discount rate 

Operating
 leases 

and , for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Intangible
 assets 

Stock
 based compensation 

R D
 capitalized 

Valuation
 Allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets 

At
June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company has recorded a full valuation against its net deferred tax assets of approximately million
and million, respectively, since in the judgement of management, these assets are not more than likely than not to be realized.
The increase in the valuation allowance during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were approximately, million and million, respectively. 

At
June 30, 2023, the Company had a Net Operating Loss NOL carryforward of approximately million. NOL s generated
prior to 2018 have expiration dates ranging from . 

The Company has no current tax expense due to its net losses and a
full valuation allowance. 

Reconciliation
of the differences between income tax benefit computed at the federal and state statutory tax rates and the provision for income tax
benefit for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

shares of common stock for net proceeds of million net of 3 commission and expenses totaling approximately under
the Sales Agreement with the Agent. 

F- 24 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 bivi-20230630_10kex23z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of BioVie Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-252386), of our report dated
August 16, 2023, on our audits of the financial statements as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and for each of the years then ended, which
report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about August 16, 2023. Our report for each of the years then
ended, includes an explanatory paragraph about the existence of substantial doubt concerning the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER
LLP 

 Iselin,
New Jersey 

 August
16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 bivi-20230630_10kex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13-a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Cuong Do, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Biovie Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 16, 2023 

/s/
 Cuong Do 

Cuong Do 
Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 bivi-20230630_10kex31z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13-a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Joanne Wendy Kim, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Biovie Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 16, 2023 

/s/Joanne Wendy Kim 

Joanne Wendy Kim 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 bivi-20230630_10kex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION
1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Biovie
Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Cuong Do, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m (a) or 78o(d)); and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 16, 2023 

/s/
 Cuong Do 

Cuong Do 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 bivi-20230630_10kex32z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION
1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Biovie
Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joanne Wendy Kim, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m (a) or 78o(d)); and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 16, 2023 

/s/
 Joanne Wendy Kim 

Joanne Wendy Kim 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bivi-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bivi-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bivi-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bivi-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

