<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230822_10-K_edgar_data_1408710_0001408710-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13230791</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>310320</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2429052</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4739320</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2968979</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2506332</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001408710-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20230822
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230822071926
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001408710-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230822
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230822

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fabrinet
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001408710
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				981228572
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0626

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34775
		FILM NUMBER:		231190965

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FABRINET WEST, INC.
		STREET 2:		4900 PATRICK HENRY DRIVE
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 748 0900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FABRINET WEST, INC.
		STREET 2:		4900 PATRICK HENRY DRIVE
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001408710-23-000028.txt : 20230822

10-K
 1
 fn-20230630.htm
 10-K

fn-20230630 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________ 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 _______________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _______________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 + - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 _______________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of December 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant had an aggregate market value of approximately billion, based on the closing price for the registrant s ordinary shares as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. Ordinary shares held by each executive officer, director, and holder of 10 or more of the outstanding ordinary shares have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 
 As of August 11, 2023, the registrant had ordinary shares, 0.01 par value, outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

1 

Table of Contents 

 FABRINET 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Risk Factors Summary 
 2 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 34 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 92 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 92 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 92 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 92 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 93 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 93 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 93 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 93 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 94 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 97 
 Signatures 
 98 

1 

Table of Contents 

 RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 
 You should carefully consider the information set forth below under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A before deciding whether to invest in our securities. Below is a summary of the principal risks associated with an investment in our securities. 
 Our sales depend on a small number of customers. A reduction in orders from any of these customers, the loss of any of these customers, or a customer exerting significant pricing and margin pressures on us could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Consolidation in the markets we serve could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 If the optical communications market does not expand as we expect, our business may not grow as fast as we expect, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Our quarterly revenues, gross profit margins and operating results have fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future, which may cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline or be volatile. 
 
 If we are unable to continue diversifying our precision optical and electro-mechanical manufacturing services across other markets within the optics industry, such as the semiconductor processing, biotechnology, metrology and material processing markets, or if these markets do not grow as fast as we expect, our business may not grow as fast as we expect, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We face significant competition in our business. If we are unable to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 Cancellations, delays or reductions of customer orders and the relatively short-term nature of the commitments of our customers could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Our exposure to financially troubled customers or suppliers could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We purchase some of the critical materials used in certain of our products from a single source or a limited number of suppliers. Supply shortages have in the past, and could in the future, impair the quality, reduce the availability or increase the cost of materials, which could harm our revenues, profitability and customer relations. 
 
 Managing our inventory is complex and may require write-downs due to excess or obsolete inventory, which could cause our operating results to decrease significantly in a given fiscal period. 
 
 If we fail to adequately expand our manufacturing capacity, we will not be able to grow our business, which would harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Conversely, if we expand too much or too rapidly, we may experience excess capacity, which would harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We may experience manufacturing yields that are lower than expected, potentially resulting in increased costs, which could harm our business, operating results and customer relations. 
 
 If the products that we manufacture contain defects, we could incur significant correction costs, demand for our services may decline and we may be exposed to product liability and product warranty claims, which could harm our business, financial condition, operating results and customer relations. 
 
 If we fail to attract additional skilled employees or retain key personnel, our business, financial condition and operating results could suffer. 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in governmental policies regarding foreign currencies could increase our operating costs, which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 We conduct operations in a number of countries, which creates logistical and communications challenges for us and exposes us to other risks and challenges that could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls in several jurisdictions that subject us to a variety of risks, including liability, impairment of our ability to compete in international markets, and decreased sales and customer orders. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to the ongoing U.S.-China trade dispute, including increased tariffs on materials that we use in manufacturing, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Political unrest and demonstrations, as well as changes in the political, social, business or economic conditions in Thailand, could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 We expect to continue to invest in our manufacturing operations in the People's Republic of China ("PRC"), which will continue to expose us to risks inherent in doing business in the PRC, any of which risks could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Natural disasters, epidemics, acts of terrorism and political and economic developments could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Unfavorable worldwide economic conditions (including inflation and supply chain disruptions) may negatively affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 The loan agreements for our long-term debt obligations and other credit facilities contain financial ratio covenants that may impair our ability to conduct our business. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain capital when desired on favorable terms, if at all, or without dilution to our shareholders. 
 
 Our investment portfolio may become impaired by deterioration of the capital markets. 
 
 We are not fully insured against all potential losses. Natural disasters or other catastrophes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 There are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Our business and operations would be adversely impacted in the event of a failure of our information technology infrastructure and/or cyber security attacks. 
 
 Intellectual property infringement claims against our customers or us could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Any failure to protect our customers intellectual property that we use in the products we manufacture for them could harm our customer relationships and subject us to liability. 
 
 We are subject to the risk of increased income taxes, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to continue to devote substantial resources to various compliance initiatives. 
 
 If we are unable to meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes for the products we manufacture, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 Failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Our share price may be volatile due to fluctuations in our operating results and other factors, including the activities and operating results of our customers or competitors, any of which could cause our share price to decline. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or if they publish misleading or unfavorable research about our business, the market price and trading volume of our ordinary shares could decline. 
 
 We may become a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S. tax consequences to U.S. investors. 
 
 Our business and share price could be negatively affected as a result of activist shareholders. 
 
 Certain provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which could limit our shareholders' opportunity to sell shares at a premium. 
 
 Our shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law. 
 
 Certain judgments obtained against us by our shareholders may not be enforceable. 
 
 Energy price volatility may negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Overview 
 We provide advanced optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers OEMs of complex products such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, automotive components, medical devices and sensors. We offer a broad range of advanced optical and electro-mechanical capabilities across the entire manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and testing. We focus primarily on low-volume production of a wide variety of high complexity products, which we refer to as low-volume, high-mix. We also have the capability to accommodate high-volume production. Based on our extensive experience and the positive feedback we have received from our customers, we believe we are a global leader in providing these services to the optical communications, industrial lasers and automotive markets. 
 Our customers include companies in complex industries that require advanced precision manufacturing capabilities such as optical communications, industrial lasers, automotive and sensors. Our customers in these industries support a growing number of end-markets, including automotive, biotechnology, communications, materials processing, medical devices, metrology and semiconductor processing. Our revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 fiscal year 2023 increased by 383.0 million, or 16.9 , from 2.26 billion for the year ended June 24, 2022 fiscal year 2022 to 2.65 billion for fiscal year 2023. Our percentage of revenues from lasers, sensors and other markets increased from 21.2 in fiscal year 2022 to 24.1 in fiscal year 2023, while our percentage of revenues from optical communications products decreased from 78.8 in fiscal year 2022 to 75.9 in fiscal year 2023. 
 In many cases, we are the sole outsourced manufacturing partner used by our customers for the products that we produce for them. The products that we manufacture for our OEM customers include: 
 optical communications devices, such as: 
 selective switching products, such as reconfigurable optical add-drop multiplexers ROADMs ), optical amplifiers, modulators and other optical components and modules that collectively enable network managers to route voice, video and data communications traffic through fiber optic cables at various wavelengths, speeds, and over various distances; 
 tunable lasers, transceivers, and transponders that eliminate, at a significant cost savings to the service provider, the need to stock individual fixed wavelength optical transceivers and transponders used in voice and data communications networks; and 
 active optical cables providing high-speed interconnect capabilities for data centers and computing clusters, as well as Infiniband, Ethernet, fiber channel and optical backplane connectivity; 
 solid state, diode-pumped, gas and fiber lasers (collectively referred to as industrial lasers used across a broad array of industries, including semiconductor processing (wafer inspection, wafer dicing, wafer scribing), biotechnology and medical device (DNA sequencing, flow cytometry, hematology, antibody detection), metrology (instrumentation, calibration, inspection), and material processing (metal, polymer, textile drilling and cutting, annealing, marking, engraving, and welding); and 
 sensors, including differential pressure, micro-gyro, fuel and other sensors that are used in automobiles, and non-contact temperature measurement sensors for the medical industry. 
 We also design and fabricate application-specific crystals, lenses, prisms, mirrors, laser components and substrates (collectively referred to as customized optics and other custom and standard borosilicate, clear fused quartz, and synthetic fused silica glass products (collectively referred to as customized glass ). We incorporate our customized optics and glass into many of the products we manufacture for our OEM customers, and we also sell customized optics and glass in the merchant market. 
 We believe we offer differentiated manufacturing services through our optical and electro-mechanical process technologies and our strategic alignment with our customers. Our dedicated process and design engineers, who have a deep knowledge in materials sciences and physics, are able to tailor our service offerings to accommodate our customers complex engineering assignments. Our range of capabilities, from the design of customized optics and glass through process engineering and testing of finished assemblies, provides us with a knowledge base that we believe often leads to improvements in our 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 customers product development cycles, manufacturing cycle times, quality and reliability, manufacturing yields and end product costs. We offer an efficient, technologically advanced and flexible manufacturing infrastructure designed to enable the scale production of low-volume, high-mix products, as well as high-volume products. We specialize in complex prototype and new product introduction services, with specialized resources to meet customers quick-turn printed circuit board assembly PCBA and early stage manufacturing requirements. We have a dedicated engineering team to support the advanced optical packaging needs of our customers cutting edge products, which allows them to accelerate development and time-to-market for such products. We often provide a factory-within-a-factory manufacturing environment to safeguard our customers intellectual property by physically segregating certain key employees and manufacturing space from the resources we use for other customers. We also provide our customers with a customized software platform to monitor all aspects of the manufacturing process, enabling our customers to remotely access our databases to monitor yields, inventory positions, work-in-progress status and vendor quality data in real time. We believe there is no other manufacturing services provider with a similar breadth and depth of optical and electro-mechanical engineering and process technology capabilities that does not directly compete with its customers in their end-markets. As a result, we believe we are more closely aligned and better able to develop long-term relationships with our customers than our competitors are. 
 As of June 30, 2023, our facilities comprised approximately 3.7 million total square feet, including approximately 0.9 million square feet of office space used for general administration purposes and approximately 2.8 million square feet devoted to manufacturing and related activities, of which approximately 1.0 million square feet are clean room facilities. Of the aggregate square footage of our facilities, approximately 3.2 million square feet are located in Thailand and the remaining balance is located in the People s Republic of China PRC or China ), the United States, Israel and the Cayman Islands. See Part I, Item 2. Properties of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Industry Background 
 Optical Communications 
 Many optical communications OEMs have reduced internal manufacturing capacity and transitioned to a low-cost and more efficient manufacturing base. By outsourcing production to third parties, OEMs are better able to concentrate their efforts and resources on what they believe are their core strengths, such as research and development, and sales and marketing. Additionally, outsourcing production often allows OEMs to reduce product costs, improve quality, access advanced process design and manufacturing technologies and achieve accelerated time-to-market and time-to-volume production. The principal barrier to the trend towards outsourcing in the optics industry has been the shortage of third-party manufacturing partners with the necessary optical process capabilities and robust intellectual property protection. 
 Demand for optical communications components and modules is influenced by the level and rate of development of optical communications infrastructure and carrier and enterprise network expansion, as well as rapid expansion of data center infrastructures. Carrier demand for optical communications network equipment has increased as a direct result of higher network utilization and increased demand for bandwidth capacity. The increase in network traffic volumes has been driven by increasing demand for voice, data and video services delivered over wired and wireless Internet protocol, or IP, networks. The bandwidth demands for data center access have been largely driven by social media applications and cloud services and continue to increase very rapidly. 
 Industrial Lasers, Sensors and Others 
 The optical and electro-mechanical process technologies used in the optical communications market also have applications in other similarly complex end-markets that require advanced precision manufacturing capabilities, such as automotive, industrial lasers, medical devices, and sensors. These markets are substantially larger than the optical communications components and modules market. We expect growth in the industrial lasers, medical, and sensors markets will be driven by demand for: 
 industrial laser applications across a growing number of end-markets, particularly in semiconductor processing, biotechnology, metrology and materials processing; 
 precision, non-contact and low power requirement sensors, particularly in automotive, medical and industrial end-markets; and 
 lower cost products used on both enterprise and consumer levels. 
 Outsourcing of production by industrial laser and sensor OEMs has historically been limited. We believe industrial laser and sensor OEMs are increasingly recognizing the benefits of outsourcing that OEMs in other industries, such as optical communications, have been able to achieve. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe we have succeeded in providing differentiated services to the optical communications, industrial lasers, medical, and sensors industries due to our long-term focus on optical and electro-mechanical process technologies, strategic alignment with our customers and commitment to total customer satisfaction. More specifically, our key competitive strengths include: 
 Advanced Optical and Electro-Mechanical Manufacturing Technologies: We believe that our optical and electro-mechanical process technologies and capabilities as well as our customized optics and glass technologies provide us with a key competitive advantage. These technologies include: 
 advanced optical and precision packaging; 
 reliability and environmental testing; 
 optical and mechanical material and process analysis; 
 precision optical fiber and electro-mechanical assembly; 
 complex printed circuit board assembly; 
 customized software tools for low-volume, high-mix manufacturing; 
 turn-key manufacturing systems; 
 fiber metallization and lensing; 
 fiber handling and fiber alignment; 
 crystal growth and processing; 
 precision lapping and polishing; 
 precision glass drawing; and 
 optical coating. 
 Efficient, Flexible and Low-Cost Process Engineering and Manufacturing Platform: We enable our customers to transition their production to an efficient and flexible manufacturing platform that is specialized for the production of optics and similarly complex products and is located in a low-cost geography. We believe our advanced manufacturing technologies, coupled with our broad engineering capabilities, give us the ability to identify opportunities to improve our customers manufacturing processes and provide meaningful production cost benefits. We have also developed a series of customized software tools that we believe provide us with a specialized ability to manage the unique aspects of low-volume, high-mix production. 
 Customizable Factory-Within-a-Factory Production Environment: We offer our customers exclusive engineering teams and manufacturing space for production. We call this concept of segregating production by customer a factory-within-a-factory. We believe our approach maximizes intellectual property protection and provides greater opportunities to reduce cost and improve time to market for our customers products. 
 Vertical Integration Targeting Customized Optics and Glass: We believe our capabilities in the design and fabrication of high-value customized optics and glass are complementary to our manufacturing services. Specifically, these capabilities enable us to strategically align our business to our customers needs by streamlining our customers product development process and reducing the number of suppliers in our customers manufacturing supply chains. Also, we use these customized optics and glass products in certain of the components, modules and subsystems we manufacture, which enables us to shorten time to market and reduce the cost for our customers. We believe this level of vertical integration positions us to capitalize on further opportunities to cross-sell our design and fabrication capabilities. 
 Turn-Key Supply Chain Management: We have created a proprietary set of automated manufacturing resource planning tools designed specifically to address the unique inventory management demands of low-volume, high-mix manufacturing. Over the years, we have developed strong relationships with thousands of suppliers and implemented inventory management strategies with many of them, which enables us to obtain inventory on an as-needed basis and provide on-site stocking programs. We believe our deep expertise, relationships and capabilities in supply chain and materials management often allows us to further reduce costs and cycle times for our customers. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our Growth Strategy 
 The key elements of our growth strategy are to: 
 Strengthen Our Presence in the Optical Communications Market: We believe we are a leader in manufacturing products for the optical communications market. The optical communications market is growing rapidly, driven by the growth in demand for increased network bandwidth and penetration from core to metro networks and data center infrastructures. We believe this trend will continue to increase the demand for the products that we manufacture and the services we provide. We continue to invest resources in advanced manufacturing process and optical packaging technologies to support the manufacture of the next generation of complex optical products. 
 Leverage Our Technology and Manufacturing Capabilities to Continue to Diversify Our End-Markets: We intend to use our technological strengths in precision optical and electro-mechanical manufacturing, advanced packaging and process design engineering to continue our diversification into industrial lasers, medical, sensors, and other select markets that require similar capabilities. 
 Continue to Extend Our Customized Optics and Glass Vertical Integration: We will continue to extend our vertical integration into customized optics and glass in order to gain greater access to key components used in the complex products we manufacture as well as to continue our diversification into new markets. We believe our customized optics and glass capabilities are highly complementary to our optical and electro-mechanical manufacturing services, and we intend to continue to market these products to our existing manufacturing services customers. In addition, we intend to continue our focus on customized optics and glass through further investment into research and development, as well as through potential acquisitions in what remains a highly fragmented market. 
 Evaluate Potential Strategic Alternatives such as Acquisitions and Joint Ventures: We will continue to evaluate opportunities to further expand our manufacturing capabilities and diversify our end-markets through the evaluation of various acquisition and joint venture opportunities around the globe. 
 Broaden Our Client Base Geographically: Our manufacturing services are incorporated into products that are distributed in markets worldwide, but we intend to further build out our client base in strategic regions. We intend to focus on expanding our client base in Europe, Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and the United States. We believe these regions have a large and robust optics market, as well as a need for advanced manufacturing services in other growth markets, and would benefit from our precision optical and electromechanical manufacturing services. 
 Establish New Product Introduction NPI Centers to Generate and Transfer New Business to Thailand: We established Fabrinet West, Inc. as an NPI center in the heart of Silicon Valley and Fabrinet Israel as an NPI center in Israel s Startup Village. These NPI centers serve as business development arms with an emphasis on new business generation, helping our customers with design for manufacturability and then transferring those programs to Thailand for volume manufacturing. Equipped with state-of-the-art surface mount and advanced optical packaging technologies and infrastructure, and with close proximity to a large portion of our customer base, these centers help to accelerate customer NPI and provide seamless access and future transfer to the low-cost manufacturing base in Thailand. 
 Service Offerings 
 We offer integrated precision optical, electro-mechanical, and electronic manufacturing services and customized optics and glass fabrication services for our OEM customers. 
 Precision Optical, Electro-Mechanical, and Electronic Manufacturing Services 
 Process Design and Engineering 
 We continuously analyze our customers product designs for cost and manufacturability improvements. We perform detailed design for manufacturability studies and design of experiments to assist in optimizing a product s design for the lowest cost possible without compromising the quality specifications of form, fit and function. In the case of a new product design, we may assist in assembling one or more prototype products using the same production line and the same engineering and manufacturing teams that would be used for product qualification and volume production. We often transfer production from a customer s internal prototype or production lines to our own facilities, requiring a copy-exact: the setup of a production process identical to the one used by our customer to minimize the number of variables and expedite qualification. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Advanced Optical Packaging 
 We have a dedicated team of experienced engineers supporting our advanced optical packaging development capabilities. These highly qualified engineers work closely with our customers to understand the development requirements of their new products and assist them to build prototypes, as well as source materials, optimize manufacturing processes and develop schedules to bring these products to volume production. We maintain a real-time roadmap for the packaging requirements of our customers and the industry in general. Our advanced packaging team develops and maintains generic recipes that are readily available to be tailored and refined for the specific new applications of our customers, which helps to further accelerate prototype development and product delivery time. 
 Printed Circuit Board Assembly and Test 
 Printed circuit board assembly involves attaching electronic components, such as integrated circuits, capacitors, receivers, transceivers and other components and modules to printed circuit boards. We employ a variety of mounting and assembly technologies, including SMT, PTH and ACT, press-fit, and other connection processes that are focused on miniaturization and increasing the density of component placement on printed circuit boards. These technologies, which support the needs of our customers to provide greater functionality in smaller products, include chip-scale packaging, ball grid array, direct chip attach and high density interconnect. We perform in-circuit, functional and environmental testing of printed circuit board assemblies to verify all components are properly inserted, attached and the electrical circuits are complete, and that the board or assembly operates in accordance with its final design and manufacturing specifications. 
 Dedicated New Product Introduction 
 We are committed to providing NPI capabilities designed to ensure that our customers products get to market as quickly as possible. Co-locating strong engineering services in process design, prototyping, design for manufacturability DFM and test at these locations gives customers a full suite of NPI services for quick-turn PCBA to box-build to full system assembly. Stringent IP protection protocols are strictly enforced throughout the entire process, safeguarding our customers intellectual property. Our NPI sites are outfitted with state-of-the-art production equipment that mirrors the equipment used in our low-cost manufacturing facilities, ensuring a fast, smooth transition to a low-cost production environment once the product is qualified. 
 Qualifications 
 Production line and environmental qualifications require a variety of process engineering and technical skills, and the use of specialized equipment. Many of the products that we produce for our customers require extensive environmental and reliability qualification involving, in some cases, a three to six months or longer duration prior to volume production. The qualification phase may include a customer s certification of a production line or process and one or a series of qualification tests for mechanical integrity and environmental endurance as specified by an industry standards organization, such as Telcordia for telecommunication equipment. We have extensive expertise in the planning, executing, troubleshooting and ultimate success of these qualifications and testing environments, which provides our customers a higher likelihood of completing these qualifications in a timely fashion. 
 Continuous Improvement and Optimization 
 Once we have completed the qualification phase and stabilized production yields, we shift our focus to cost and quality optimization. This requires a close working relationship with our customer to optimize processes and identify alternative sources for materials to improve efficiency, yields and cost. Design and process improvements may include reducing the number of parts, simplifying the assembly process, eliminating non-value add operations, using standard materials and optimizing manufacturing lines. 
 Supply Chain and Inventory Management 
 Our expertise in supply chain and materials management often allows us to further reduce costs and cycle times for our customers. Our procurement and materials management services include planning, purchasing, expediting, warehousing and financing materials from thousands of suppliers. We have created a proprietary set of automated manufacturing resource planning tools to manage our inventory. We have also implemented inventory management strategies with certain suppliers that enable us to use inventory on an as-needed basis and provide on-site stocking programs. 
 Quality Control 
 We believe the integration of our manufacturing and test controls, quality systems, and software platforms contribute significantly to our ability to deliver high-quality products on a consistent basis and reduce the risk that we will be required to repair or replace defective products. Our manufacturing execution system MES is directly integrated with our test system 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 and enterprise resource planning ERP database allowing us to respond to any process deviations in real time. We work with customers to develop product-specific test strategies. We also provide a variety of test management services, including material and process testing and reliability testing. In addition to providing yield, manufacturing data tracking and other information, our data tracking system also performs process route checking to ensure that the products follow correct process steps, and the test results meet all specified criteria. Our test capabilities include traditional PCBA testing, mechanical testing and optical testing, which includes parametric testing, such as insertion loss, return loss and extinction ratio, and functional testing (e.g., bit error ratio). 
 Customized Glass and Crystal Optics Fabrication 
 We design and fabricate our own customized glass and crystal optics, which are core components of the higher level assemblies that we manufacture for our customers. Our fabrication facilities are located in Fuzhou, China and Mountain Lakes, New Jersey. Our customized glass and crystal optics products include the following: 
 Fiber Optic Ferrules and Alignment Sleeves; Fiber Optic Substrates; Precision Glass Tubing, Precision Capillaries and Rods: These single bore and multi-bore products, in various shapes and dimensions, are used principally in optical communications, medical and industrial applications. 
 Laser Optics: Includes crystals (such as YVO4, Nd: YVO4, Cr: YAG, and BBO), optics, high reflectivity mirrors, lenses, prisms and windows used in laser applications. 
 Medical Optics: Includes mirrors, lenses, filters, wave plates, windows, and prisms incorporated into various medical equipment products. 
 Storage Optics: Includes mirrors, polarizing beam splitters or PBS, and wave plates incorporated into optical storage products. 
 Surveying Optics: Includes penta prisms, corner cubes, and T-Windows incorporated into precision surveying products. 
 Telecom Optics: Includes lenses (such as spherical,a-spherical,C-lens,and cylindrical), wave plates, mirrors, prisms, filters and YVO4 crystals used for telecommunications applications. 
 Telecommunication Subassemblies: Includes fiber pigtails (both single and dual), assemblies and collimators used in many fiber optic components such as isolators, circulators, optical switches and three-port filters. 
 Technology 
 Based on our experience with customers and our qualitative assessment of our capabilities, we believe we provide a broader array of process technologies to the optics industry than any other manufacturing services provider. We also continue to invest in customized optics and glass technology including in the areas of crystal growth, crystal and glass processing, optical coating, polishing and lapping, optical assemblies and precision glass drawing. We intend to continue to increase our process engineering capabilities and manufacturing technologies to extend our product portfolio and continue to gain market share in the optics industry. Our internally developed and licensed technologies include the following: 
 Advanced Optical Packaging: We have extensive experience in developing manufacturing processes and performing value engineering to improve our customers product performance, quality, reliability and manufacturing yields. In many cases, we partner with our customers to develop custom manufacturing solutions for their optics products. 
 Reliability Testing: Our reliability laboratory enables us to test the degree to which our results and specifications conform to our customers requirements. Through the reliability laboratory, we are able to perform most of the tests required by industry standards, including damp heat, thermal aging, thermal shock, temperature cycling, shock and vibration, accelerated life testing and stress screening. The reliability laboratory is critical to verification of root cause failure analysis. 
 Optical and Mechanical Material and Process Analysis: Our in-house material and process laboratory analyzes materials to support incoming inspection, process development, process monitoring, failure analysis and verification of compliance with the applicable environmental standards. 
 Precision Optical Fiber and Electro-Mechanical Assembly: We have extensive experience in precision optical and electro-mechanical assemblies in clean room environments, clean room control discipline, cleaning technologies and electro-static discharge ESD protection. 
 Fiber Metallization and Lensing: We use our fiber metallization and fiber lensing capabilities to assist our customers in packaging their products. Many optical component package designs require metallized fiber and 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 some designs also require lensing at the tip of the fiber. We have in-house capabilities that enable us to produce these products at a low cost, with short lead times and high quality. 
 Fiber Handling and Fiber Alignment: The technique with which optical fiber is handled can have a significant impact on the functionality and reliability of optics products due to the risk of damage or flaws introduced to the fiber surface or micro-cracks to the core of the fiber, which may impact alignment or signal quality, among other things. We have implemented a number of processes, techniques, and best practices to avoid stressing or otherwise damaging fiber during stripping, cleaving and connectorization. Such techniques are also designed to achieve optimal alignment of fiber in the shortest period of time during these processes. 
 Optical Testing: We have the capability to perform parametric and functional tests for a wide variety of optical devices. In many cases, we are also able to help our customers develop their own proprietary software and test fixtures. 
 Crystal Growth and Processing: Our crystal growth technology produces non-linear optical crystals and crystals used in laser applications. Our processing capabilities include dicing, grinding, polishing and inspection with high dimension, tolerance and surface quality. 
 Precision Glass Drawing: We have developed the specialized capabilities necessary to draw precision structures within tight tolerances using borosilicate, clear fused quartz and synthetic fused silica glass. Using these processes, we produce customized rectangular and circular glass tubes and rods in various configurations and with multiple bores that are accurately drawn in precise locations within the tubing. These tubes can be sliced into thin wafers for use in various applications, such as ultra-filtration of bacteria, micro-organism counting, and identification of organisms and substances. These tubes can also be cut into larger lengths to produce ferrules and sleeves for use in fiber optic communications components. 
 Optical Coating: We provide a wide variety of coating from simple single layer anti-reflection coatings to complex multi-layer stacks. The types of coating we provide include anti-reflection, partial reflection and high reflection. 
 We continuously invest in new and optimized processes to accommodate the next generation of optical devices, such as optical packaging, anti-reflective coating and complex printed circuit board technologies. We believe many of these manufacturing processes and technologies will be key to developing and commercializing the next generation of optical devices, which may include multi-function passive optics and photonic integrated circuits (which are devices that incorporate various optical components and modules into a packaged chip), receivers integrated with an optical amplifier, and active optical cabling. We also anticipate our customers will continue to desire our vertically integrated capabilities, designing customized optics and glass to be incorporated into optical components, modules and complete network or laser systems. 
 Customers, Sales and Marketing 
 The optical communications market we serve is highly concentrated. Therefore, we expect a significant percentage of our revenues will continue to come from a small number of customers. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we had four and three customers, respectively, that each contributed 10 or more of our revenues. During fiscal year 2023, Cisco Systems Inc., Lumentum Operations LLC, Nvidia Corporation, and Infinera Corporation contributed 15.6 , 15.4 , 12.5 , and 12.4 respectively, of our revenues. During fiscal year 2022, Cisco Systems Inc., Infinera Corporation and Lumentum Operations LLC contributed 25.4 , 12.5 and 10.3 , respectively, of our revenues. 
 The production of optical devices is characterized by a lengthy qualification process. In particular, the qualification and field testing of the products that we produce for our customers may take three to six months or longer to complete. Generally, we must qualify our production process with our customers, and the products that we manufacture must also meet the product quality requirements of our customers customers. While most of our customers do not purchase our services until they qualify the services and satisfactorily complete factory audits and vendor evaluations, we typically produce a test run of their products to demonstrate that the products we produce will meet their qualification standards in advance of receiving an order. As part of this process, our engineers work closely with the customer s design and procurement teams. We believe that the rigorous product transfer and qualification processes, and the close relationships that we develop with our customers during those processes, result in greater visibility into product life cycles and longer-term customer engagements. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Backlog 
 We are substantially dependent on orders we receive and fill on a short-term basis. Although we often receive a 12-month forecast from our customers, our customer contracts do not provide any assurance of future sales, and sales are typically made pursuant to individual purchase orders that have short lead times and are subject to revision or cancellation. Because of the possibility of changes in delivery or acceptance schedules, cancellations of orders, returns or price reductions, we do not believe that backlog is a reliable indicator of our future revenues. 
 Suppliers of Raw Materials 
 Our manufacturing operations use a wide variety of optical, semiconductor, mechanical and electronic components, assemblies and raw materials. We generally purchase materials from our suppliers through standard purchase orders, as opposed to long-term supply agreements. We rely on sole-source suppliers for a number of critical materials. Some of these sole-source suppliers are small businesses, which presents risks to us based on their financial health and reliability, which we continually monitor. We have historically experienced supply shortages resulting from various causes, including reduced yields by our suppliers, which have prevented us from manufacturing products for our customers in a timely manner. While we continually undertake programs to strengthen our supply chain, we are experiencing, and expect to experience for the foreseeable future, strain on our supply chain, as well as periodic supplier problems. These supply chain disruptions were exacerbated by recent global events, such as (1) COVID-related lockdowns in China, which caused freight and logistics issues and unforeseen delays during the first half of fiscal year 2023, and (2) the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine. While we have no significant direct business in Ukraine or Russia, the conflict has negatively impacted demand from some of our automotive customers that have other suppliers in the region. Furthermore, in some cases, our efforts to identify and secure alternative supply chain sources has resulted in our customers or their end customers requiring requalification and validation of components, a process that can often be lengthy and has negatively impacted the timing of our revenue. 
 Quality 
 We have an extensive quality management system that focuses on continual process improvement and achieving high levels of customer satisfaction. We employ a variety of enhanced statistical engineering techniques and other tools to improve product and service quality. In addition, we generally offer a warranty ranging from one to five years on the products that we assemble. Generally, this warranty is limited to our workmanship and our liability is capped at the price of the product. 
 Our quality management systems help to ensure that the products we provide to our customers meet or exceed industry standards. We maintain the following certifications: ISO 9001 for Manufacturing Quality Management Systems; ISO 14001 for Environmental Management Systems; TL 9000 for Telecommunications Industry Quality Certification; IATF 16949 for Automotive Industry Quality Certification; ISO 13485 for Medical Devices Industry Quality Certification; AS 9100 for Aerospace Industry Quality Certification; NADCAP (National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation Program) for Quality Assurance throughout the Aerospace and Defense Industries; ISO 45001 for Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems; and ISO 22301 for Business Continuity Management Systems. We also maintain compliance with various additional standards imposed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") with respect to the manufacture of medical devices. 
 Additionally, we are required to register with the FDA and other regulatory bodies and are subject to continual review and periodic inspection for compliance with various regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. We hold the following additional certifications: ANSI ESD S20.20 for facilities and manufacturing process control, in compliance with ESD standard; Transported Asset Protection Association ("TAPA") and Custom and Trade Partnership Against Terrorism ("C-TPAT") for Logistic Security Management System; and CSR-DIW for Corporate Social Responsibility in Thailand. In the European Union, we are required to maintain certain ISO certifications in order to sell our precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services and we must undergo periodic inspections by regulatory bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. 
 In addition to these standards, we are committed to the deployment of sustainable manufacturing, lean initiatives, and continuous improvement throughout our operations. The implementation of lean manufacturing initiatives helps improve efficiency and reduce waste in the manufacturing process in areas such as inventory on hand, set up times, and floor space and the number of people required for production, while Kaizen and Six Sigma ensures continuous improvement by reducing process variation. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 Although the manufacturing services market is highly competitive, we believe that there are significant barriers to entry in our existing and target markets, including lengthy sales cycles, the need to demonstrate complex precision optical and electro-mechanical engineering and manufacturing capabilities to a prospective customer and the ability to protect a customer s intellectual property. 
 Our overall competitive position depends upon a number of factors, including: 
 our manufacturing technologies and capacity; 
 the quality of our manufacturing processes and products; 
 our supply chain tools and data management systems; 
 our ability to safeguard and protect our customers intellectual property; 
 our engineering and prototyping capabilities; 
 our ability to strengthen and broaden our engineering services and know-how to participate in the growth of emerging technologies; 
 our ability to deliver on-time; 
 our ability to deliver continuous cost improvements; and 
 our responsiveness and flexibility. 
 Competitors in the market for optical manufacturing services include Benchmark Electronics, Inc., Celestica Inc., Sanmina-SCI Corporation, Jabil Circuit, Inc. and Venture Corporation Limited, as well as the internal manufacturing capabilities of our customers. Our customized optics and glass operations face competition from companies such as Browave Corporation, Fujian Castech Crystals, Inc., Photop Technologies, Inc. and Research Electro-Optic, Inc. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our customers intellectual property. We license various technologies from our customers on a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable basis for the sole purpose of allowing us to manufacture products for those customers in accordance with their specifications. We have no rights to disclose, use, sublicense or sell this licensed technology for any other purpose. The duration of these licenses is limited to the duration of the underlying supply or manufacturing agreement. To meet the demands of certain customers, we created a factory-within-a-factory manufacturing environment that physically separates the manufacturing sites from one another. Some customers, for example, demand anonymity at our facilities while other customers require additional security measures such as biometric devices to safeguard their segregated manufacturing areas. 
 We regard our own manufacturing process technologies and customized optics and glass designs as proprietary intellectual property. We own any process engineering technology independently developed in-house by our technical staff. As part of our manufacturing services, to the extent we utilize our own manufacturing process technologies in the manufacture of our customers products, we grant our customers a royalty-free license to these process engineering technologies for the purpose of allowing our customers to make their products. Any process engineering or other improvements that we develop in connection with the improvement or optimization of a process for the manufacturing of a customer s products are immediately assigned to that customer. To protect our proprietary rights, we rely largely upon a combination of trade secrets, non-disclosure agreements and internal security systems. Historically, patents have not played a significant role in the protection of our proprietary rights. Nevertheless, we currently have a relatively small number of solely-owned and jointly-held PRC patents in various customized optic technologies with expiration dates between 2023 and 2040. We believe that both our evolving business practices and industry trends may result in the continued growth of our patent portfolio and its importance to us, particularly as we expand our business. 
 Government Regulations 
 Environmental Compliance 
 We are subject to a variety of international and U.S. laws and regulations relating to the use, disposal, cleanup of and human exposure to hazardous materials. To date, such laws and regulations have not materially affected our business. We do not anticipate any material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities for the foreseeable future. While to date we 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 are not aware of any material exposures, there can be no assurance that environmental matters will not arise in the future or that costs will not be incurred with respect to sites as to which no problem is currently known. 
 As part of the International Organization for Standardization ISO 14001 environmental management systems framework, we have established and continue to enforce at our facilities a global environmental policy that includes evaluation and control, compliance obligations, commitment, training, communication, control of documented information, operational control, emergency preparedness and response, and management review. While environmental regulations have not thus far resulted in a material adverse effect on our operations, changes in regulations could necessitate additional capital expenditures, modification of our operations, or other compliance actions. 
 Trade Regulations 
 We and our suppliers and service providers could be affected by tariffs, embargoes, or other trade restrictions, as well as laws and regulations enacted in response to concerns regarding climate change, conflict minerals, responsible sourcing practices, public health crises, contagious disease outbreaks, or other matters, which could limit the supply of our materials and increase their cost. In addition, compliance with trade regulations may result in disruptions in logistics, which could delay our receipt of materials. We have experienced increased lead times and expedite fees for the supply of materials. The disruption of our supply of parts and materials, including where such disruption results in the extension of our lead times, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Similarly, if our customers experience disruptions to their supplies or materials, or the extension of their lead times, they may reduce, cancel, or alter the timing of their purchases with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Tax Law Changes 
 We are subject to income taxes in various jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate could be affected by numerous factors, including changes in applicable tax laws, interpretations of applicable tax laws, amount and composition of pre-tax income in jurisdictions with differing tax rates, and valuation of deferred tax assets. There have been a number of proposed changes in the tax laws that could increase our tax liability. 
 Several governments are considering tax reform proposals that, if enacted, could increase our tax expense. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) announced that it has reached agreement among its member countries to implement Pillar Two rules, a global minimum tax at 15 for certain multinational enterprises. Many countries are expected to issue laws and regulations to conform to this regime. We will continue to monitor legislative and regulatory developments to assess the impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Social Responsibility 
 Our corporate social responsibility practices focus on creating better social, economic and environmental outcomes for all stakeholders in the global electronics supply chain. These outcomes include improved conditions for workers, increased efficiency and productivity for customers and suppliers, economic development, and a clean environment for our communities. We are committed to implementing programs that focus on driving continuous improvements in social, ethical, and environmental compliance throughout all of our global operating units in accordance with our Code of Business Conduct. As a guide to achieve this end, we look at principles, policies and standards as prescribed by the Responsible Business Alliance RBA ), an association of global electronics companies whose mission is to enable companies to improve the social and environmental conditions in the global supply chain. Fabrinet is a member of the RBA. 
 Corporate Structure 
 Fabrinet was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands in August 1999 and commenced business operations in January 2000. We have fourteen direct and indirect subsidiaries, all of which are wholly-owned. As the parent company, we enter into contracts directly with our customers while some of our subsidiaries in the PRC and the U.S. enter into sales contracts or purchase orders directly with their customers. We have inter-company agreements with certain of our subsidiaries in Thailand and the U.S. to provide manufacturing services to us, and we have inter-company agreements with certain of our subsidiaries in the U.S. and Singapore to provide certain administrative and business development services to us. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Our workforce is distributed globally over seven countries. As of June 30, 2023, we employed approximately 14,663 full-time employees worldwide, with approximately 14,451 employees located in the Asia-Pacific region, 210 employees located in North America, and 2 employees located in Europe or the Middle East. Of our total workforce, approximately 14,217 employees were involved in manufacturing operations and 446 employees were involved in business development and general 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 and administrative functions. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages, slowdowns, or strikes. We consider our relations with our employees to be positive. 
 We are committed to developing our employees and supporting our employees well-being and safety. We advertise job openings and source candidates broadly to attract a diverse candidate pool. We also monitor hiring, termination and pay practices to ensure compliance with established regulations across the world, and we track and report internally on key talent metrics including talent pipeline, employee promotions, employee turnover, and engagement of our employees. We provide employee career guidance and counseling through established employee development and training opportunities. 
 Available Information 
 Our website is located at www.fabrinet.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge through the Investors section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding SEC registrants, including Fabrinet. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our ordinary shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before investing in our ordinary shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may become important factors that affect us or our ordinary shares. If any of the following risks actually occur, they may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. In this event, the market price of our ordinary shares could decline and you could lose some or all of your investment. 
 Company and Operational Risks 
 Our sales depend on a small number of customers. A reduction in orders from any of these customers, the loss of any of these customers, or a customer exerting significant pricing and margin pressures on us could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We have depended, and will continue to depend, upon a small number of customers for a significant percentage of our revenues. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we had four and three customers, respectively, that each contributed 10 or more of our revenues. Such customers together accounted for 55.9 and 48.2 of our revenues during the respective periods. Dependence on a small number of customers means that a reduction in orders from, a loss of, or other adverse actions by any one of these customers would reduce our revenues and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Further, our customer concentration increases the concentration of our accounts receivable and our exposure to payment default by any of our key customers. Many of our existing and potential customers have substantial debt burdens, have experienced financial distress or have static or declining revenues, all of which may be exacerbated by the current global economic downturn and subsequent adverse conditions in the credit markets, as well as the impact of the U.S.-China trade dispute. Certain of our customers have gone out of business, declared bankruptcy, been acquired, or announced their withdrawal from segments of the optics market. We generate significant accounts payable and inventory for the services that we provide to our customers, which could expose us to substantial and potentially unrecoverable costs if we do not receive payment from our customers. 
 Our reliance on a small number of customers gives our customers substantial purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contracts with us. In addition, although we enter into master supply agreements with our customers, the level of business to be transacted under those agreements is not guaranteed. Instead, we are awarded business under those agreements on a project-by-project basis. Some of our customers have at times significantly reduced or delayed the volume of manufacturing services that they order from us. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with our existing significant customers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 Consolidation in the markets we serve could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Consolidation in the markets we serve has resulted in a reduction in the number of potential customers for our services. For example, Lumentum Holdings Inc. completed its acquisition of NeoPhotonics Corporation in August 2022; Coherent Corp. (formerly known as II-VI Incorporated) completed its acquisition of Coherent, Inc. in July 2022; and Cisco Systems, Inc. completed its acquisition of Acacia Communications Inc. in March 2021. In some cases, consolidation among our customers has led to a reduction in demand for our services as customers have acquired the capacity to manufacture products in-house. 
 Consolidation among our customers and their customers will continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results in several ways. Consolidation among our customers and their customers may result in a smaller number of large customers whose size and purchasing power give them increased leverage that may result in, among other things, decreases in our average selling prices. In addition to pricing pressures, this consolidation may also reduce overall demand for our manufacturing services if customers obtain new capacity to manufacture products in-house or discontinue duplicate or competing product lines in order to streamline operations. If demand for our manufacturing services decreases, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 If the optical communications market does not expand as we expect, our business may not grow as fast as we expect, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Revenues from optical communications products represented 75.9 and 78.8 of our revenues for fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022, respectively. Our future success as a provider of precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services for the optical communications market depends on the continued growth of the optics industry and, in particular, the continued expansion of global information networks, particularly those directly or indirectly dependent upon a fiber optic infrastructure. As part of that growth, we anticipate that demand for voice, video, and other data services delivered over high-speed connections (both wired and wireless) will continue to increase. Without network and bandwidth growth, the need for enhanced communications products would be jeopardized. Currently, demand for network services and for high-speed broadband access, in particular, is increasing but growth may be limited by several factors, including, among others: (1) relative strength or weakness of the global economy or the economy in certain countries or regions, (2) an uncertain regulatory environment, and (3) uncertainty regarding long-term sustainable business models as multiple industries, such as the cable, traditional telecommunications, wireless and satellite industries, offer competing content delivery solutions. The optical communications market also has experienced periods of overcapacity, some of which have occurred even during periods of relatively high network usage and bandwidth demands. If the factors described above were to slow, stop or reverse the expansion in the optical communications market, our business, financial condition and operating results would be negatively affected. 
 Our quarterly revenues, gross profit margins and operating results have fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future, which may cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline or be volatile. 
 Our quarterly revenues, gross profit margins, and operating results have fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. For example, any of the risks described in this Risk Factors section and, in particular, the following factors, could cause our revenues, gross profit margins, and operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter: 
 any reduction in customer demand or our ability to fulfill customer orders as a result of disruptions in our supply chain; 
 our ability to acquire new customers and retain our existing customers; 
 the cyclicality of the optical communications, industrial lasers, medical and sensors markets; 
 competition; 
 our ability to achieve favorable pricing for our services; 
 the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 our ability to manage our headcount and other costs; and 
 changes in the relative mix in our revenues. 
 Therefore, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results may not be useful in predicting our future operating results. You should not rely on our results for one quarter as any indication of our future performance. Quarterly variations in our operations could result in significant volatility in the market price of our ordinary shares. 
 If we are unable to continue diversifying our precision optical and electro-mechanical manufacturing services across other markets within the optics industry, such as the semiconductor processing, biotechnology, metrology and material processing markets, or if these markets do not grow as fast as we expect, our business may not grow as fast as we expect, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We intend to continue diversifying across other markets within the optics industry, such as the semiconductor processing, biotechnology, metrology, and material processing markets, to reduce our dependence on the optical communications market and to grow our business. Currently, the optical communications market contributes the significant majority of our revenues. There can be no assurance that our efforts to further expand and diversify into other markets within the optics industry will prove successful or that these markets will continue to grow as fast as we expect. If the opportunities presented by these markets prove to be less than anticipated, if we are less successful than expected in diversifying into these markets, or if our margins in these markets prove to be less than expected, our growth may slow or stall, and we may incur costs that are not offset by revenues in these markets, all of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We face significant competition in our business. If we are unable to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 Our current and prospective customers tend to evaluate our capabilities against the merits of their internal manufacturing as well as the capabilities of other third-party manufacturers. We believe the internal manufacturing capabilities of current and prospective customers are our primary competition. This competition is particularly strong when our customers have excess manufacturing capacity, as was the case when the markets that we serve experienced a significant downturn in 2008 and 2009 that resulted in underutilized capacity. Should our existing and potential customers have excess manufacturing capacity at their facilities, it could adversely affect our business. In addition, as a result of the 2011 flooding in Thailand, some of our customers began manufacturing products internally or using other third-party manufacturers that were not affected by the flooding. If our customers choose to manufacture products internally rather than to outsource production to us, or choose to outsource to a different third-party manufacturer, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 Competitors in the market for optical manufacturing services include Benchmark Electronics, Inc., Celestica Inc., Sanmina-SCI Corporation, Jabil Circuit, Inc., and Venture Corporation Limited. Our customized optics and glass operations face competition from companies such as Browave Corporation, Fujian Castech Crystals, Inc., Photop Technologies, Inc., and Research Electro-Optic, Inc. Other existing contract manufacturing companies, original design manufacturers or outsourced semiconductor assembly and test companies could also enter our target markets. In addition, we may face new competitors as we attempt to penetrate new markets. 
 Many of our customers and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater resources than we have. These advantages may allow them to devote greater resources than we can to the development and promotion of service offerings that are similar or superior to our service offerings. These competitors may also engage in more extensive research and development, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies or offer services that achieve greater market acceptance than ours. These competitors may also compete with us by making more attractive offers to our existing and potential employees, suppliers, and strategic partners. Further, consolidation in the optics industry could lead to larger and more geographically diverse competitors. New and increased competition could result in price reductions for our services, reduced gross profit margins or loss of market share. We may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, and the competitive pressures we face may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Cancellations, delays or reductions of customer orders and the relatively short-term nature of the commitments of our customers could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We do not typically obtain firm purchase orders or commitments from our customers that extend beyond 13 weeks. While we work closely with our customers to develop forecasts for periods of up to one year, these forecasts are not binding and may be unreliable. Customers may cancel their orders, change production quantities from forecasted volumes or delay production for a number of reasons beyond our control. Any material delay, cancellation or reduction of orders could cause our revenues to decline significantly and could cause us to hold excess materials. Many of our costs and operating expenses are fixed. As a result, a reduction in customer demand could decrease our gross profit and harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 In addition, we make significant decisions with respect to production schedules, material procurement commitments, personnel needs and other resource requirements based on our estimate of our customers requirements. The short-term nature of our customers commitments and the possibility of rapid changes in demand for their products reduce our ability to accurately estimate the future requirements of our customers. Inability to forecast the level of customer orders with certainty makes it difficult to allocate resources to specific customers, order appropriate levels of materials and maximize the use of our manufacturing capacity. This could also lead to an inability to meet a spike in production demand, all of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our exposure to financially troubled customers or suppliers could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Some of our customers and suppliers have in the past and may in the future experience financial difficulty, particularly in light of the global economic downturn and uncertainty due to COVID-19 and subsequent adverse conditions in the credit markets that have affected access to capital and liquidity. In addition, the recent failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank created significant market disruption and uncertainty within the U.S. banking sector, in particular with respect to regional banks. During challenging economic times, our customers may face difficulties in gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could impact their ability to make timely payments to us. As a result, we devote significant resources to monitor 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 receivables and inventory balances with certain of our customers. If our customers experience financial difficulty, we could have difficulty recovering amounts owed to us from these customers, or demand for our services from these customers could decline. If our suppliers experience financial difficulty, we could have trouble sourcing materials necessary to fulfill production requirements and meet scheduled shipments. Any such financial difficulty could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition by resulting in a reduction in our revenues, a charge for inventory write-offs, a provision for doubtful accounts, and larger working capital requirements due to increased days in inventory and days in accounts receivable. 
 We purchase some of the critical materials used in certain of our products from a single source or a limited number of suppliers. Supply shortages have in the past, and could in the future, impair the quality, reduce the availability or increase the cost of materials, which could harm our revenues, profitability and customer relations. 
 We rely on a single source or a limited number of suppliers for critical materials used in a significant number of the products we manufacture. We generally purchase these single or limited source materials through standard purchase orders and do not maintain long-term supply agreements with our suppliers. We generally use a rolling 12-month forecast based on anticipated product orders, customer forecasts, product order history, backlog, and warranty and service demand to determine our materials requirements. Lead times for the parts and components that we order vary significantly and depend on factors such as manufacturing cycle times, manufacturing yields, and the availability of raw materials used to produce the parts or components. Historically, we have experienced supply shortages resulting from various causes, including reduced yields by our suppliers, which prevented us from manufacturing products for our customers in a timely manner. The semiconductor supply chain is complex, and, in recent years, there has been a significant global shortage of semiconductors. Demand for consumer electronics surged during the COVID-19 pandemic and remains strong, which in turn has increased the demand for semiconductors. At the same time, wafer foundries that support chipmakers have not invested enough in recent years to increase capacities to the levels needed to support the increased demand from all of their customers. Further exacerbating the shortage is the long production lead-time for wafers, which can take up to 30 weeks in some cases. A shortage of semiconductors or other key components can cause a significant disruption to our production schedule and have a substantial adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our revenues, profitability and customer relations will be harmed by continued fluctuations in the availability of materials, a stoppage or delay of supply, a substitution of more expensive or less reliable parts, the receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, an increase in the price of supplies, or an inability to obtain reductions in price from our suppliers in response to competitive pressures. We continue to undertake programs to strengthen our supply chain. Nevertheless, we are experiencing, and expect for the foreseeable future to experience, strain on our supply chain, as well as periodic supplier problems. These supply chain issues have impacted, and will continue to impact, our ability to generate revenue. In addition, we have incurred, and expect for the foreseeable future to incur, increased costs related to our efforts to address these problems. 
 Managing our inventory is complex and may require write-downs due to excess or obsolete inventory, which could cause our operating results to decrease significantly in a given fiscal period. 
 Managing our inventory is complex. We are generally required to procure materials based upon the anticipated demand of our customers. The inaccuracy of these forecasts or estimates could result in excess supply or shortages of certain materials. Inventory that is not used or expected to be used as and when planned may become excess or obsolete. Generally, we are unable to use most of the materials purchased for one of our customers to manufacture products for any of our other customers. Additionally, we could experience reduced or delayed product shipments or incur additional inventory write-downs and cancellation charges or penalties, which would increase costs and could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. While our agreements with customers are structured to mitigate our risks related to excess or obsolete inventory, enforcement of these provisions may result in material expense, and delay in payment for inventory. If any of our significant customers becomes unable or unwilling to purchase inventory or does not agree to such contractual provisions in the future, our business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 
 If we fail to adequately expand our manufacturing capacity, we will not be able to grow our business, which would harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Conversely, if we expand too much or too rapidly, we may experience excess capacity, which would harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We may not be able to pursue many large customer orders or sustain our historical growth rates if we do not have sufficient manufacturing capacity to enable us to commit to provide customers with specified quantities of products. If our customers do not believe that we have sufficient manufacturing capacity, they may: (1) outsource all of their production to another manufacturer that they believe can fulfill all of their production requirements; (2) look to a second manufacturer for the manufacture of additional quantities of the products that we currently manufacture for them; (3) manufacture the products themselves; or (4) decide against using our services for their new products. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Most recently, we expanded our manufacturing capacity by building a new facility at our Chonburi campus in Thailand in 2022. We may continue to devote significant resources to the expansion of our manufacturing capacity, and any such expansion will be expensive, will require management s time and may disrupt our operations. In the event we are unsuccessful in our attempts to expand our manufacturing capacity, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 However, if we successfully expand our manufacturing capacity but are unable to promptly utilize the additional space due to reduced demand for our services or an inability to win new projects, add new customers or penetrate new markets, or if the optics industry does not grow as we expect, we may experience periods of excess capacity, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We may experience manufacturing yields that are lower than expected, potentially resulting in increased costs, which could harm our business, operating results and customer relations. 
 Manufacturing yields depend on a number of factors, including the following: 
 the quality of input, materials and equipment; 
 the quality and feasibility of our customer s design; 
 the repeatability and complexity of the manufacturing process; 
 the experience and quality of training of our manufacturing and engineering teams; and 
 the monitoring of the manufacturing environment. 
 Lower volume production due to continually changing designs generally results in lower yields. Manufacturing yields and margins can also be lower if we receive or inadvertently use defective or contaminated materials from our suppliers. In addition, our customer contracts typically provide that we will supply products at a fixed price each quarter, which assumes specific production yields and quality metrics. If we do not meet the yield assumptions and quality metrics used in calculating the price of a product, we may not be able to recover the costs associated with our failure to do so. Consequently, our operating results and profitability may be harmed. 
 If the products that we manufacture contain defects, we could incur significant correction costs, demand for our services may decline and we may be exposed to product liability and product warranty claims, which could harm our business, financial condition, operating results and customer relations. 
 We manufacture products to our customers specifications, and our manufacturing processes and facilities must comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. In addition, our customers products and the manufacturing processes that we use to produce them are often complex. As a result, products that we manufacture may at times contain manufacturing or design defects, and our manufacturing processes may be subject to errors or fail to be in compliance with applicable statutory or regulatory requirements. Additionally, not all defects are immediately detectable. The testing procedures of our customers are generally limited to the evaluation of the products that we manufacture under likely and foreseeable failure scenarios. For various reasons (including, among others, the occurrence of performance problems that are unforeseeable at the time of testing or that are detected only when products are fully deployed and operated under peak stress conditions), these products may fail to perform as expected after their initial acceptance by a customer. 
 We generally provide a warranty of between one to five years on the products that we manufacture for our customers. This warranty typically guarantees that products will conform to our customers specifications and be free from defects in workmanship. Defects in the products we manufacture, whether caused by a design, engineering, manufacturing or component failure or by deficiencies in our manufacturing processes, and whether such defects are discovered during or after the warranty period, could result in product or component failures, which may damage our business reputation, whether or not we are indemnified for such failures. We could also incur significant costs to repair or replace defective products under warranty, particularly when such failures occur in installed systems. In some instances, we may also be required to incur costs to repair or replace defective products outside of the warranty period in the event that a recurring defect is discovered in a certain percentage of a customer s products delivered over an agreed upon period of time. We have experienced product or component failures in the past and remain exposed to such failures, as the products that we manufacture are widely deployed throughout the world in multiple environments and applications. Further, due to the difficulty in determining whether a given defect resulted from our customer s design of the product or our manufacturing process, we may be exposed to product liability or product warranty claims arising from defects that are not attributable to our manufacturing process. In addition, if the number or 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 type of defects exceeds certain percentage limitations contained in our contractual arrangements, we may be required to conduct extensive failure analysis, re-qualify for production or cease production of the specified products. 
 Product liability claims may include liability for personal injury or property damage. Product warranty claims may include liability for a recall, repair or replacement of a product or component. Although liability for these claims is generally assigned to our customers in our contracts, even where they have assumed liability our customers may not, or may not have the resources to, satisfy claims for costs or liabilities arising from a defective product. Additionally, under one of our contracts, in the event the products we manufacture do not meet the end-customer s testing requirements or otherwise fail, we may be required to pay penalties to our customer, including a fee during the time period that the customer or end-customer s production line is not operational as a result of the failure of the products that we manufacture, all of which could harm our business, operating results and customer relations. If we engineer or manufacture a product that is found to cause any personal injury or property damage or is otherwise found to be defective, we could incur significant costs to resolve the claim. While we maintain insurance for certain product liability claims, we do not maintain insurance for any recalls and, therefore, would be required to pay any associated costs that are determined to be our responsibility. A successful product liability or product warranty claim in excess of our insurance coverage or any material claim for which insurance coverage is denied, limited, is not available or has not been obtained could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 If we fail to attract additional skilled employees or retain key personnel, our business, financial condition and operating results could suffer. 
 Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to attract additional skilled employees and retain our current key personnel. We have identified several areas where we intend to expand our hiring, including business development, finance, human resources, operations and supply chain management. We may not be able to hire and retain such personnel at compensation levels consistent with our existing compensation and salary structure. Our future also depends on the continued contributions of our executive management team and other key management and technical personnel, each of whom would be difficult to replace. Although we have key person life insurance policies on some of our executive officers, the loss of any of our executive officers or key personnel or the inability to continue to attract qualified personnel could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Our International Operations 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in governmental policies regarding foreign currencies could increase our operating costs, which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 Volatility in the functional and non-functional currencies of our entities and the U.S. dollar could seriously harm our business, financial condition and operating results. The primary impact of currency exchange fluctuations is on our cash, receivables, and payables of our operating entities. We may experience significant unexpected losses from fluctuations in exchange rates. For example, in the three months ended December 30, 2022, we experienced a 3.9 million foreign exchange loss, which negatively affected our net income per share for the same period by 0.11. 
 Our customer contracts generally require that our customers pay us in U.S. dollars. However, the majority of our payroll and other operating expenses are paid in Thai baht. As a result of these arrangements, we have significant exposure to changes in the exchange rate between the Thai baht and the U.S. dollar, and our operating results are adversely impacted when the U.S. dollar depreciates relative to the Thai baht and other currencies. As of June 30, 2023, the U.S. dollar had appreciated approximately 12.0 against the Thai baht since June 25, 2021. While we attempt to hedge against certain exchange rate risks, we typically enter into hedging contracts with maturities of up to 12 months, leaving us exposed to longer term changes in exchange rates. 
 Additionally, we have significant exposure to changes in the exchange rate between the Chinese Renminbi RMB and pound sterling GBP and the U.S. dollar. The expenses of our subsidiaries located in the PRC and the United Kingdom are denominated in RMB and GBP, respectively. Currently, RMB are convertible in connection with trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, foreign debt service, and payment of dividends. The PRC government may at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If this occurs, our PRC subsidiary may not be able to pay us dividends in U.S. dollars without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange. In addition, conversion of RMB for most capital account items, including direct investments, is still subject to government approval in the PRC. This restriction may limit our ability to invest the earnings of our PRC subsidiary. As of June 30, 2023, the U.S. dollar had appreciated approximately 12.4 against the RMB since June 25, 2021. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt a substantially more liberalized currency policy. GBP are convertible in connection with trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions and foreign debt service. As of June 30, 2023, the U.S. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 dollar had appreciated approximately 10.4 against the GBP since June 25, 2021. Any appreciation in the value of the RMB and GBP against the U.S. dollar could negatively impact our operating results. 
 We conduct operations in a number of countries, which creates logistical and communications challenges for us and exposes us to other risks and challenges that could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The vast majority of our operations, including manufacturing and customer support, are located primarily in the Asia- Pacific region. The distances between Thailand, the PRC and our customers and suppliers globally create a number of logistical and communications challenges for us, including managing operations across multiple time zones, directing the manufacture and delivery of products across significant distances, coordinating the procurement of raw materials and their delivery to multiple locations and coordinating the activities and decisions of our management team, the members of which are based in different countries. 
 Our customers are located throughout the world, and our principal manufacturing facilities are located in Thailand. Revenues from the bill-to-location of customers outside of North America accounted for 52.0 , 50.7 and 52.8 of our revenues for fiscal year 2023, fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021, respectively. We expect that revenues from the bill-to-location of customers outside of North America will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues. Our customers also depend on international sales, which further exposes us to the risks associated with international operations. Conducting business outside the United States subjects us to a number of risks and challenges, including: 
 compliance with a variety of domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including trade regulatory requirements; 
 periodic changes in a specific country or region s economic conditions, such as recession; 
 unanticipated restrictions on our ability to sell to foreign customers where sales of products and the provision of services may require export licenses or are prohibited by government action (for example, the U.S. Department of Commerce prohibited the export and sale of a broad category of U.S. products, as well as the provision of services, to ZTE Corporation in early 2018, and to Huawei in 2019, both of which are customers of certain of our customers); 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 inadequate protection of intellectual property rights in some countries; and 
 political, legal and economic instability, foreign conflicts, and the impact of regional and global infectious illnesses in the countries in which we and our customers and suppliers are located (for example, disruptions to international operations associated with the occurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic or the ongoing armed conflict in Ukraine). 
 
 Our failure to manage the risks and challenges associated with our international operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls in several jurisdictions that subject us to a variety of risks, including liability, impairment of our ability to compete in international markets, and decreased sales and customer orders. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls in Thailand, the PRC, the United Kingdom and the United States that may limit our business opportunities. Various countries regulate the import of certain technologies and have enacted laws or taken actions that could limit (1) our ability to export or sell the products we manufacture and (2) our customers ability to export or sell products that we manufacture for them. The export of certain technologies from the United States, the United Kingdom and other nations to the PRC is barred by applicable export controls, and similar prohibitions could be extended to Thailand, thereby limiting our ability to manufacture certain products. Any change in export or import regulations or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement of existing regulations, or change in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations could limit our ability to offer our manufacturing services to existing or potential customers, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 For example, the May 2019 addition of Huawei and certain affiliates by the U.S. Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security ("BIS") to the BIS Entity List denied Huawei the ability to purchase products, software and technology that are subject to U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Although we do not sell directly to Huawei, some of our customers do sell to Huawei (and its affiliates) directly. To ensure compliance, some of our customers immediately suspended shipments to Huawei in order to assess whether their products were subject to the restrictions resulting from the ban. This had an 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 immediate impact on our customer orders in the three months ended June 28, 2019, which affected our revenue for that quarter. We expect this ban to continue to adversely affect orders from our customers for the foreseeable future. 
 We are subject to risks related to the ongoing U.S.-China trade dispute, including increased tariffs on materials that we use in manufacturing, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 In August 2019, the U.S. imposed tariffs on a wide range of products and goods manufactured in the PRC that are directly or indirectly imported into the U.S. Although the U.S. announced on January 15, 2020 the reduction of certain tariffs on Chinese imported goods and delayed the implementation of certain other related tariffs, we have no assurance that the U.S. will not continue to increase or impose tariffs on imports from the PRC or alter trade agreements and terms between the PRC and the U.S., which may include limiting trade with the PRC. Trade restrictions, including tariffs, quotas, embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions, could increase the cost of materials we use to manufacture certain products, which could result in lower margins. The tariffs could also result in disruptions to our supply chain, as suppliers struggle to fill orders from companies trying to purchase goods in bulk ahead of announced tariffs taking effect. The adoption of trade tariffs both globally and between the U.S. and the PRC specifically could also cause a decrease in the sales of our customers products to end-users located in the PRC, which could directly impact our revenues in the form of reduced orders. If existing tariffs are raised further, or if new tariffs are imposed on additional categories of components used in our manufacturing activities, and if we are unable to pass on the costs of such tariffs to our customers, our operating results would be harmed. 
 Political unrest and demonstrations, as well as changes in the political, social, business or economic conditions in Thailand, could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The majority of our assets and manufacturing operations are located in Thailand. Therefore, political, social, business and economic conditions in Thailand have a significant effect on our business. Any changes to tax regimes, laws, exchange controls or political action in Thailand may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Thailand has a history of political unrest that includes the involvement of the military as an active participant in the ruling government. In recent years, political unrest in the country has sparked political demonstrations and, in some instances, violence. Any future political instability in Thailand could prevent shipments from entering or leaving the country, disrupt our ability to manufacture products in Thailand, and force us to transfer our operations to more stable, and potentially more costly, regions, which would harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Further, the Thai government may raise the minimum wage standards for labor and could repeal certain promotional certificates that we have received or tax holidays for certain export and value added taxes that we enjoy, either preventing us from engaging in our current or anticipated activities or subjecting us to higher tax rates. 
 We expect to continue to invest in our manufacturing operations in the People's Republic of China ("PRC"), which will continue to expose us to risks inherent in doing business in the PRC, any of which risks could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We anticipate that we will continue to invest in our customized optics manufacturing facilities located in Fuzhou, the PRC. Because these operations are located in the PRC, they are subject to greater political, legal and economic risks than the geographies in which the facilities of many of our competitors and customers are located. In particular, the political and economic climate in the PRC (both at national and regional levels) is fluid and unpredictable. A large part of the PRC s economy is still being operated under varying degrees of control by the PRC government. By imposing industrial policies and other economic measures, such as control of foreign exchange, taxation, import and export tariffs, environmental regulations, land use rights, intellectual property and restrictions on foreign participation in the domestic market of various industries, the PRC government exerts considerable direct and indirect influence on the development of the PRC economy. Many of the economic reforms carried out by the PRC government are unprecedented or experimental and are expected to change further. Any changes to the political, legal or economic climate in the PRC could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our PRC subsidiary is a wholly foreign-owned enterprise and is therefore subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investment in the PRC, in general, and laws and regulations applicable to wholly foreign-owned enterprises, in particular. The PRC has made significant progress in the promulgation of laws and regulations pertaining to economic matters such as corporate organization and governance, foreign investment, commerce, taxation and trade. However, the promulgation of new laws, changes in existing laws and abrogation of local regulations by national laws may have a negative impact on our business and prospects. In addition, these laws and regulations are relatively new, and published cases are limited in volume and non-binding. Therefore, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve significant uncertainties. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Laws may be changed with little or no prior notice, for political or other reasons. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to foreign investors. Furthermore, any litigation in the PRC may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management s attention. 
 Natural disasters, epidemics, acts of terrorism and political and economic developments could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Natural disasters could severely disrupt our manufacturing operations and increase our supply chain costs. These events, over which we have little or no control, could cause a decrease in demand for our services, make it difficult or impossible for us to manufacture and deliver products or for our suppliers to deliver components allowing us to manufacture those products, require large expenditures to repair or replace our facilities, or create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain. For example, the 2011 flooding in Thailand forced us to temporarily shut down all of our manufacturing facilities in Thailand and cease production permanently at our former Chokchai facility, which adversely affected our ability to meet our customers demands during fiscal year 2012. 
 In some countries in which we operate, including the PRC, the U.S., and Thailand, outbreaks of infectious diseases such as COVID-19, H1N1 influenza virus, severe acute respiratory syndrome or bird flu could disrupt our manufacturing operations, reduce demand for our customers products and increase our supply chain costs. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 resulted in a two-week suspension of operations at our facility in Fuzhou, the PRC in February 2020 and caused labor shortages for us and some of our suppliers and customers in the PRC during the three months ended March 27, 2020, which negatively affected our revenues during the same period. Although we continue to take precautionary measures, including leaves of absence for affected employees and their close contacts, stringent contact tracing, and enhanced safe distancing measures, any worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic or the emergence of other infectious diseases may result in more stringent measures being implemented by local authorities, such as shutting down our manufacturing facilities, which would have a significant negative impact on our operations. 
 In addition, increased international political instability, evidenced by the threat or occurrence of terrorist attacks, enhanced national security measures, Russia s invasion of Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East and Asia, strained international relations arising from these conflicts and the related decline in consumer confidence and economic weakness, may hinder our ability to do business. Any escalation in these events or similar future events may disrupt our operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers and may affect the availability of materials needed for our manufacturing services. Such events may also disrupt the transportation of materials to our manufacturing facilities and finished products to our customers. These events have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on the U.S. and world economy in general, and customer confidence and spending in particular, which in turn could adversely affect our total revenues and operating results. The impact of these events on the volatility of the U.S. and world financial markets also could increase the volatility of the market price of our ordinary shares and may limit the capital resources available to us, our customers and our suppliers. 
 Financial Risks 
 Unfavorable worldwide economic conditions (including inflation and supply chain disruptions) may negatively affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The current global economic downturn and volatility and adverse conditions in the capital and credit markets have negatively affected levels of business and consumer spending, heightening concerns about the likelihood of a global recession and potential default of various national bonds and debt backed by individual countries. Such developments, as well as the policies impacting these, could adversely affect our financial results. In particular, the economic disruption caused by COVID-19 has led to reduced demand in some of our customers optical communications product portfolios and significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rates. Uncertainty about worldwide economic conditions poses a risk as businesses may further reduce or postpone spending in response to reduced budgets, tight credit, negative financial news and declines in income or asset values, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and increase the volatility of our share price. In addition, our ability to access capital markets may be restricted, which could have an impact on our ability to react to changing economic and business conditions and could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Inflation has also risen globally to historically high levels. If the inflation rate continues to increase, the costs of labor and other expenses could also increase. There is no assurance that our revenues will increase at the same rate to maintain the same level of profitability. Inflation and government efforts to combat inflation, such as raising the benchmark interest rate, could increase market volatility and have an adverse effect on the financial market and global economy. In addition, we expect that disruptions in our supply chain and fluctuations in the availability of parts and materials will continue to have a significant 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 impact on our ability to generate revenue, despite strong demand from our customers. Such adverse conditions could negatively impact demand for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The loan agreements for our long-term debt obligations and other credit facilities contain financial ratio covenants that may impair our ability to conduct our business. 
 The loan agreements for our long-term and short-term debt obligations contain financial ratio covenants that may limit management s discretion with respect to certain business matters. These covenants require us to maintain a specified maximum total leverage ratio, minimum debt service coverage ratio (earnings before interest and depreciation and amortization plus cash on hand minus short-term debt), a minimum tangible net worth and a minimum quick ratio, which may restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness and limit our ability to use our cash. In the event of our default on these loans or a breach of a covenant, the lenders may immediately cancel the loan agreement, deem the full amount of the outstanding indebtedness immediately due and payable, charge us interest on a monthly basis on the full amount of the outstanding indebtedness and, if we cannot repay all of our outstanding obligations, sell the assets pledged as collateral for the loan in order to fulfill our obligation. We may also be held responsible for any damages and related expenses incurred by the lender as a result of any default. Any failure by us or our subsidiaries to comply with these agreements could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We may not be able to obtain capital when desired on favorable terms, if at all, or without dilution to our shareholders. 
 We anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents, together with cash provided by operating activities and funds available through our working capital and credit facilities, will be sufficient to meet our current and anticipated needs for general corporate purposes for at least the next 12 months. However, we operate in a market that makes our prospects difficult to evaluate. It is possible that we may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or otherwise have the capital resources to meet our future capital needs. If this occurs, we may need additional financing to execute on our current or future business strategies. 
 Furthermore, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our shareholders could be significantly diluted, and these newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing shareholders. If adequate additional funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, if and when needed, our ability to fund our operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance our manufacturing services, hire additional technical and other personnel, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures could be significantly limited. 
 Our investment portfolio may become impaired by deterioration of the capital markets. 
 We use professional investment management firms to manage our excess cash and cash equivalents. Our short-term investments as of June 30, 2023 are primarily investments in a fixed income portfolio, including liquidity funds, certificates of deposit and time deposits, corporate debt securities, and U.S. agency and U.S. Treasury securities. Our investment portfolio may become impaired by deterioration of the capital markets. We follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate our exposure to interest rate and credit risk. The policy sets forth credit quality standards and limits our exposure to any one issuer, as well as our maximum exposure to various asset classes. The policy also provides that we may not invest in short-term investments with a maturity in excess of three years. 
 Should financial market conditions worsen, investments in some financial instruments may pose risks arising from market liquidity and credit concerns. In addition, any deterioration of the capital markets could cause our other income and expense to vary from expectations. As of June 30, 2023, we did not record any impairment charges associated with our portfolio of short-term investments, and although we believe our current investment portfolio has little risk of material impairment, we cannot predict future market conditions or market liquidity, or credit availability, and can provide no assurance that our investment portfolio will remain materially unimpaired. 
 We are not fully insured against all potential losses. Natural disasters or other catastrophes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our current property and casualty insurance covers loss or damage to our property and third-party property over which we have custody and control, as well as losses associated with business interruption, subject to specified exclusions and limitations such as coinsurance, facilities location sub-limits and other policy limitations and covenants. Even with insurance coverage, natural disasters or other catastrophic events, including acts of war, could cause us to suffer substantial losses in our 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 operational capacity and could also lead to a loss of opportunity and to a potential adverse impact on our relationships with our existing customers resulting from our inability to produce products for them, for which we might not be compensated by existing insurance. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 There are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses and income. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently subject to change in the future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and income. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Intellectual Property and Cybersecurity Risks 
 Our business and operations would be adversely impacted in the event of a failure of our information technology infrastructure and/or cyber security attacks. 
 We rely upon the capacity, availability and security of our information technology hardware and software infrastructure. For instance, we use a combination of standard and customized software platforms to manage, record, and report all aspects of our operations and, in many instances, enable our customers to remotely access certain areas of our databases to monitor yields, inventory positions, work-in-progress status and vendor quality data. We are constantly expanding and updating our information technology infrastructure in response to our changing needs. Any failure to manage, expand and update our information technology infrastructure or any failure in the operation of this infrastructure could harm our business. 
 Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems are vulnerable to damage caused by computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result in disruptions to our operations. To the extent that any disruption, cyber-attack or other security breach results in a loss or damage to our data or inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, our business could be harmed. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 
 Intellectual property infringement claims against our customers or us could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our services involve the creation and use of intellectual property rights, which subject us to the risk of intellectual property infringement claims from third parties and claims arising from the allocation of intellectual property rights among us and our customers. 
 Our customers may require that we indemnify them against the risk of intellectual property infringement arising out of our manufacturing processes. If any claims are brought against us or our customers for such infringement, whether or not these claims have merit, we could be required to expend significant resources in defense of such claims. In the event of an infringement claim, we may be required to spend a significant amount of time and money to develop non-infringing alternatives or obtain licenses. We may not be successful in developing such alternatives or obtaining such licenses on reasonable terms or at all, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Any failure to protect our customers intellectual property that we use in the products we manufacture for them could harm our customer relationships and subject us to liability. 
 We focus on manufacturing complex optical products for our customers. These products often contain our customers intellectual property, including trade secrets and know-how. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our customers intellectual property. We may maintain separate and secure areas for customer proprietary manufacturing processes and materials and dedicate floor space, equipment, engineers and supply chain management to protect our customers proprietary drawings, materials and products. The steps we take to protect our customers intellectual property may not adequately prevent its disclosure or misappropriation. If we fail to protect our customers intellectual property, our customer relationships could be harmed, and we may experience difficulty in establishing new customer relationships. In addition, our customers might pursue legal claims against us for any failure to protect their intellectual property, possibly resulting in harm to our reputation and our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Tax, Compliance and Regulatory Risks 
 We are subject to the risk of increased income taxes, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We are subject to income and other taxes in Thailand, the PRC, the U.K., the U.S. and Israel. Our effective income tax rate, provision for income taxes and future tax liability could be adversely affected by numerous factors, including the results of tax audits and examinations, income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory tax rates, changes in income tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, failure to meet obligations with respect to tax exemptions, and changes in tax laws and regulations. From time to time, we engage in discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. As of June 30, 2023, our U.S. federal and state tax returns remain open to examination for the tax years 2018 through 2021. In addition, tax returns that remain open to examination in Thailand, the PRC, the U.K. and Israel range from the tax years 2016 through 2022. The results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures may have an adverse effect on our provision for income taxes and tax liability. 
 We base our tax position upon the anticipated nature and conduct of our business and upon our understanding of the tax laws of the various countries in which we have assets or conduct activities. However, our tax position is subject to review and possible challenge by tax authorities and to possible changes in law, which may have retroactive effect. Fabrinet (the Cayman Islands Parent is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. We maintain manufacturing operations in Thailand, the PRC, the U.S. and Israel. We cannot determine in advance the extent to which some jurisdictions may require us to pay taxes or make payments in lieu of taxes. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, we are not subject to tax in the Cayman Islands on income or capital gains until March 6, 2039. 
 Preferential tax treatment from the Thai government in the form of a corporate tax exemption on income generated from projects to manufacture certain products at our Chonburi campus is available to us through June 2026. Similar preferential tax treatment was available to us through June 2020 with respect to products manufactured at our Pinehurst campus. After June 2020, 50 of our income generated from products manufactured at our Pinehurst campus will be exempted from tax through June 2025. New preferential tax treatment is available to us for products manufactured at our Chonburi campus Building 9, where income generated will be tax exempt through 2031, capped at our actual investment amount. Such preferential tax treatment is contingent on various factors, including the export of our customers products out of Thailand and our agreement not to move our manufacturing facilities out of our current province in Thailand for at least 15 years from the date on which preferential tax treatment was granted. We will lose this favorable tax treatment in Thailand unless we comply with these restrictions, and as a result we may delay or forego certain strategic business decisions due to these tax considerations. 
 There is also a risk that Thailand or another jurisdiction in which we operate may treat the Cayman Islands Parent as having a permanent establishment in such jurisdiction and subject its income to tax. If we become subject to additional taxes in any jurisdiction or if any jurisdiction begins to treat the Cayman Islands Parent as having a permanent establishment, such tax treatment could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries provide products and services to, and may from time to time undertake certain significant transactions with, us and our other subsidiaries in different jurisdictions. For instance, we have intercompany agreements in place that provide for our California and Singapore subsidiaries to provide administrative services for the Cayman Islands Parent, and the Cayman Islands Parent has entered into manufacturing agreements with our Thai subsidiary. In general, related party transactions and, in particular, related party financing transactions, are subject to close review by tax authorities. Moreover, several jurisdictions in which we operate have tax laws with detailed transfer pricing rules that require all transactions with non-resident related parties to be priced using arm s length pricing principles and require the existence of contemporaneous documentation to support such pricing. Tax authorities in various jurisdictions could challenge the validity of our related party transfer pricing policies. Such a challenge generally involves a complex area of taxation and a significant degree of judgment by management. If any tax authorities are successful in challenging our financing or transfer pricing policies, our income tax expense may be adversely affected and we could become subject to interest and penalty charges, which may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Several governments are considering tax reform proposals that, if enacted, could increase our tax expense. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) announced that it has reached agreement among its member countries to implement Pillar Two rules, a global minimum tax at 15 for certain multinational enterprises. Many countries are expected to issue laws and regulations to conform to this regime. We will continue to monitor legislative and regulatory developments to assess the impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to continue to devote substantial time to various compliance initiatives. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as well as other rules implemented by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. These and proposed corporate governance laws and regulations under consideration may further increase our compliance costs. If compliance with these various legal and regulatory requirements diverts our management s attention from other business concerns, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually and disclosure controls and procedures quarterly. While we are able to assert in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023, we cannot predict the outcome of our testing in future periods. If we are unable to assert in any future reporting periods that our internal control over financial reporting is effective (or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would have an adverse effect on our share price. 
 Given the nature and complexity of our business and the fact that some members of our management team are located in Thailand while others are located in the U.S., control deficiencies may periodically occur. While we have ongoing measures and procedures to prevent and remedy control deficiencies, if they occur there can be no assurance that we will be successful or that we will be able to prevent material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Moreover, if we identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses in future periods, the market price of our ordinary shares could decline and we could be subject to potential delisting by the NYSE and review by the NYSE, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which would require us to expend additional financial and management resources. As a result, our shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the market price of our ordinary shares. 
 If we are unable to meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes for the products we manufacture, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 As a manufacturer of products for the optics industry, we are required to meet certain certification standards, including the following: ISO 9001 for Manufacturing Quality Management Systems; ISO 14001 for Environmental Management Systems; TL 9000 for Telecommunications Industry Quality Certification; IATF 16949 for Automotive Industry Quality Certification; ISO 13485 for Medical Devices Industry Quality Certification; AS 9100 for Aerospace Industry Quality Certification; NADCAP (National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation Program) for Quality Assurance throughout the Aerospace and Defense Industries; ISO 45001 for Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems; and ISO 22301 for Business Continuity Management Systems. We also maintain compliance with various additional standards imposed by the FDA with respect to the manufacture of medical devices. 
 Additionally, we are required to register with the FDA and other regulatory bodies and are subject to continual review and periodic inspection for compliance with various regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. We hold the following additional certifications: ANSI ESD S20.20 for facilities and manufacturing process control, in compliance with ESD standard; TAPA and C-TPAT for Logistic Security Management System; and CSR-DIW for Corporate Social Responsibility in Thailand. In the European Union, we are required to maintain certain ISO certifications in order to sell our precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services and we must undergo periodic inspections by regulatory bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. If any regulatory inspection reveals that we are not in compliance with applicable standards, regulators may take action against us, including issuing a warning letter, imposing fines on us, requiring a recall of the products we manufactured for our customers, or closing our manufacturing facilities. If any of these actions were to occur, it could harm our reputation as well as our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The sale and manufacturing of products in certain states and countries may subject us to environmental laws and regulations. In addition, rules adopted by the SEC implementing the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 impose diligence and disclosure requirements regarding the use of conflict minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries in the products we manufacture for our customers. Compliance with these rules has resulted in additional cost and expense, including for due diligence to determine and verify the sources of any conflict minerals used in the products we manufacture, and may result in additional costs of remediation and other changes to processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. These rules may also affect the sourcing and availability of 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 minerals used in the products we manufacture, as there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering conflict free metals that can be used in the products we manufacture for our customers. 
 Although we do not anticipate any material adverse effects based on the nature of our operations and these laws and regulations, we will need to ensure that we and, in some cases, our suppliers comply with applicable laws and regulations. If we fail to timely comply with such laws and regulations, our customers may cease doing business with us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, if we were found to be in violation of these laws, we could be subject to governmental fines, liability to our customers and damage to our reputation, which would also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares 
 Our share price may be volatile due to fluctuations in our operating results and other factors, including the activities and operating results of our customers or competitors, any of which could cause our share price to decline. 
 Our revenues, expenses and results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in the future from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year due to the risk factors described in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to market and industry factors, the price and trading volume of our ordinary shares may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors relating to us, our competitors, our customers and the markets we serve, many of which are beyond our control. Factors such as variations in our total revenues, earnings and cash flow, announcements of new investments or acquisitions, changes in our pricing practices or those of our competitors, commencement or outcome of litigation, sales of ordinary shares by us or our principal shareholders, fluctuations in market prices for our services and general market conditions could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to change substantially. Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and price at which our ordinary shares trade. Volatility and weakness in our share price could mean that investors may not be able to sell their shares at or above the prices they paid and could also impair our ability in the future to offer our ordinary shares or convertible securities as a source of additional capital and/or as consideration in the acquisition of other businesses. 
 Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or if they publish misleading or unfavorable research about our business, the market price and trading volume of our ordinary shares could decline. 
 The trading market for our ordinary shares depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If securities or industry analysts stop covering us, or if too few analysts cover us, the market price of our ordinary shares could be adversely impacted. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our ordinary shares or publishes misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our market price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our ordinary shares could decrease, which could cause the market price or trading volume of our ordinary shares to decline. 
 We may become a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S. tax consequences to U.S. investors. 
 Based upon estimates of the value of our assets, which are based in part on the trading price of our ordinary shares, we do not expect to be a passive foreign investment company PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the taxable year 2023 or for the foreseeable future. However, despite our expectations, we cannot guarantee that we will not become a PFIC for the taxable year 2023 or any future year because our PFIC status is determined at the end of each year and depends on the 
 composition of our income and assets during such year. If we become a PFIC, our U.S. investors will be subject to increased tax liabilities under U.S. tax laws and regulations as well as burdensome reporting requirements. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Our business and share price could be negatively affected as a result of activist shareholders. 
 If an activist investor takes an ownership position in our ordinary shares, responding to actions by such activist shareholder could be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations and divert the attention of management and our employees. Additionally, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of shareholder activism or changes to the composition of our board of directors may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business or other instability, which may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers, and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. If customers choose to delay, defer or reduce transactions with us or do business with our competitors instead of us because of any such issues, then our business, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. In addition, our share price could experience periods of increased volatility as a result of shareholder activism. 
 Certain provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which could limit our shareholders' opportunity to sell shares at a premium. 
 Our constitutional documents include provisions that could limit the ability of others to acquire control of us, modify our structure or cause us to engage in change-of-control transactions, including, among other things, provisions that: 
 establish a classified board of directors; 
 prohibit our shareholders from calling meetings or acting by written consent in lieu of a meeting; 
 limit the ability of our shareholders to propose actions at duly convened meetings; and 
 authorize our board of directors, without action by our shareholders, to issue preferred shares and additional ordinary shares. 
 These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to sell their ordinary shares at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to acquire control of us in a tender offer or similar transaction. 
 Our shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law. 
 Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association MOA ), by the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under the laws of the Cayman Islands are not as clearly established under statutes or judicial precedent as in jurisdictions in the U.S. Therefore, our shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the U.S., due to the comparatively less developed nature of Cayman Islands law in this area. 
 The Companies Law permits mergers and consolidations between Cayman Islands companies and between Cayman Islands companies and non-Cayman Islands companies. Dissenting shareholders have the right to be paid the fair value of their shares (which, if not agreed between the parties, will be determined by the Cayman Islands court) if they follow the required procedures, subject to certain exceptions. Court approval is not required for a merger or consolidation which is effected in compliance with these statutory procedures. 
 In addition, there are statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction and amalgamation of companies, provided that the arrangement is approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made, and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting convened for that purpose. The convening of the meeting and subsequently the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. A dissenting shareholder has the right to express to the court the view that the transaction ought not to be approved. 
 When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90.0 of the shares within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith or collusion. 
 If the arrangement and reconstruction is thus approved, the dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 jurisdiction in the U.S., providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares. This may make it more difficult for our shareholders to assess the value of any consideration they may receive in a merger or consolidation or to require that the offeror give them additional consideration if they believe the consideration offered is insufficient. 
 Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders. Our directors have discretion under our MOA to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for our shareholders to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. 
 Subject to limited exceptions, under Cayman Islands law, a minority shareholder may not bring a derivative action against the board of directors. 
 Certain judgments obtained against us by our shareholders may not be enforceable. 
 The Cayman Islands Parent is a Cayman Islands exempted company and substantially all of our assets are located outside of the U.S. Given our domicile and the location of our assets, it may be difficult to enforce in U.S. courts judgments obtained against us in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands, Thailand or the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the U.S. or any state. In particular, a judgment in a U.S. court would not be recognized and accepted by Thai courts without a re-trial or examination of the merits of the case. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether such Cayman Islands, Thai or PRC courts would be competent to hear original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, Thailand or the PRC against us predicated upon the securities laws of the U.S. or any state. 
 
 General Risks 
 Energy price volatility may negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We, along with our suppliers and customers, rely on various energy sources in our manufacturing and transportation activities. Energy prices have been subject to increases and general volatility caused by market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuation, production and transportation disruption, world events and government regulations. While we are currently experiencing lower energy prices, a significant increase is possible, which could increase our raw material and transportation costs. In addition, increased transportation costs of our suppliers and customers could be passed along to us. We may not be able to increase our prices to adequately offset these increased costs, and any increase in our prices may reduce our future customer orders, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Our principal registered office is located at c/o Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited, One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KYI-9005, Cayman Islands. We have facilities located in Thailand, the PRC, the U.S., Israel and the Cayman Islands that are used for manufacturing and/or general administration purposes. The following table presents the approximate square footage of our principal facilities as of June 30, 2023: 
 Location Owned/Leased Approximate Square Footage (Square feet) Pinehurst Campus, Bangkok, Thailand Owned 1,731,000 Hemaraj Campus, Chonburi, Thailand Owned 1,496,000 Fuzhou, Fujian, PRC Leased (1) 
 303,000 Santa Clara, California, United States Owned 72,000 Mountain Lakes, New Jersey, United States Leased (2) 
 28,000 Yokneam Illit, Israel Leased (3) 
 27,000 Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands Leased (4) 
 1,280 
 (1) Leased until September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Leased until June 30, 2025. 
 (3) Leased until October 5, 2024. 
 (4) Leased until April 14, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. There currently are no material claims or actions pending or threatened against us. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 
 Not applicable. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Our ordinary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FN . 
 Holders of Record 
 As of August 11, 2023, there were 5 shareholders of record of our ordinary shares. Because many of our ordinary shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of shareholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividends 
 We currently intend to retain any earnings for use in our business and do not currently intend to pay dividends on our ordinary shares. Dividends, if any, on our ordinary shares will be declared by and subject to the discretion of our board of directors. Even if our board of directors decides to distribute dividends, the form, frequency and amount of such dividends will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial conditions, contractual restrictions, applicable laws and regulations and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 See Part III, Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding securities authorized for issuance. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table summarizes share repurchase activity for the three months ended June 30, 2023: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased As Part of Publicly Announced Program (1) Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1) April 1, 2023 April 28, 2023 284,796 95.56 284,796 63,571,059 April 29, 2023 May 26, 2023 119,824 92.94 119,824 52,434,440 May 27, 2023 June 30, 2023 
 52,434,440 Total 404,620 404,620 
 
 (1) On August 21, 2017, we announced that our board of directors had approved a share repurchase program to permit us to repurchase up to 30.0 million worth of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the open market in accordance with applicable rules and regulations, including pursuant to pre-set trading plans adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act of 1934. In February 2018, May 2019, August 2020 and August 2022, we announced that our board of directors approved increases of 30.0 million, 50.0 million, 58.5 million and 78.7 million, respectively, to the original share repurchase authorization, bringing the aggregate authorization to 247.2 million. The repurchased shares will be held as treasury stock. Our share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. During the year ended June 30, 2023, repurchases under our share repurchase program were made in accordance with Rule 10b-18, including pursuant to a pre-set trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1. During the year ended June 30, 2023, 488,477 shares were repurchased under the program, at an average price per share (excluding other direct costs) of 97.38, for an aggregate purchase price of 47.6 million. As of June 30, 2023, we had a remaining authorization to repurchase up to 52.4 million worth of our ordinary shares. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The equity compensation plan information required by this item, which includes a summary of the number of outstanding equity awards granted to employees and directors as well as the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under our equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2023, is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Five-Year Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Fabrinet under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to holders of Fabrinet s ordinary shares with the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the NASDAQ Telecommunications Index. 
 The graph assumes that 100 was invested in Fabrinet s ordinary shares and in each of the indices discussed above on June 29, 2018, and that all dividends were reinvested. Historic stock performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements relate to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our goals and strategies; 
 our and our customers estimates regarding future revenues, operating results, expenses, capital requirements and liquidity; 
 our belief that we will be able to maintain favorable pricing on our services; 
 our expectation that the portion of our future revenues attributable to customers in regions outside of North America will increase compared with the portion of those revenues for fiscal year 2023; 
 our expectation that we will incur incremental costs of revenue as a result of our planned expansion of our business into new geographic markets; 
 our expectation that our fiscal year 2024 selling, general and administrative SG A expenses will increase compared to our fiscal year 2023 SG A expenses; 
 our expectation that our employee costs will increase in Thailand and the People s Republic of China PRC 
 our future capital expenditures and our needs for additional financing; 
 the expansion of our manufacturing capacity, including into new geographies; 
 the growth rates of our existing markets and potential new markets; 
 our ability, and the ability of our customers and suppliers, to respond successfully to technological or industry developments; 
 our expectations regarding the potential impact of macroeconomic conditions and international political instability on our business, financial condition and operating results; 
 our suppliers estimates regarding future costs; 
 our ability to increase our penetration of existing markets and to penetrate new markets; 
 our plans to diversify our sources of revenues; 
 our plans to execute acquisitions; 
 trends in the optical communications, industrial lasers, and sensors markets, including trends to outsource the production of components used in those markets; 
 our ability to attract and retain a qualified management team and other qualified personnel and advisors; and 
 competition in our existing and new markets. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in particular, the risks discussed under the heading Risk Factors in Item 1A, as well as those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We, us and our refer to Fabrinet and its subsidiaries. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 For an overview of our business, see PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 
 Fiscal Years 
 We utilize a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the last Friday in June. Our fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 ended on June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, and consisted of 53 weeks, 52 weeks and 52 weeks, respectively. 
 
 Revenues 
 We believe we are able to expand our relationships with existing customers and attract new customers due to, among other factors, our broad range of complex engineering and manufacturing service offerings, flexible low-cost manufacturing platform, process optimization capabilities, advanced supply chain management, excellent customer service, and experienced management team. Although we expect the prices we charge for our manufactured products to decrease over time (partly as a result of competitive market forces), we believe we will be able to continue to maintain favorable pricing for our services because of our ability to reduce cycle time, adjust our product mix by focusing on more complicated products, improve product quality and yields, and reduce material costs for the products we manufacture. We believe these capabilities have enabled us to help our OEM customers reduce their manufacturing costs while maintaining or improving the design, quality, reliability, and delivery times for their products. 
 Revenues, by percentage, from individual customers representing 10 or more of our revenues is set forth in Note 21 of our audited consolidated financial statements. Because we depend upon a small number of customers for a significant percentage of our total revenues, a reduction in orders from, a loss of, or any other adverse actions by, any one of these customers would reduce our revenues and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and share price. Moreover, our customer concentration increases the concentration of our accounts receivable and payment default by any of our key customers will negatively impact our exposure. Many of our existing and potential customers have substantial debt burdens, have experienced financial distress or have static or declining revenues, all of which may be exacerbated by the continued uncertainty in the global economies. Certain customers have gone out of business or have been acquired or announced their withdrawal from segments of the optics market. We generate significant accounts payable and inventory for the services that we provide to our customers, which could expose us to substantial and potentially unrecoverable costs if we do not receive payment from our customers. Therefore, any financial difficulties that our key customers experience could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition by generating charges for inventory write-offs, provisions for doubtful accounts, and increases in working capital requirements due to increased days inventory and in accounts receivable. 
 Furthermore, reliance on a small number of customers gives those customers substantial purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contracts with us. In addition, although we enter into master supply agreements with our customers, the level of business to be transacted under those agreements is not guaranteed. Instead, we are awarded business under those agreements on a project-by-project basis. Some of our customers have at times significantly reduced or delayed the volume of manufacturing services that they order from us. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with our existing significant customers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 We expect that disruptions in our supply chain and fluctuations in the availability of parts and materials will continue to have an adverse impact on our ability to generate revenue, despite strong demand from our customers. Furthermore, in some cases, our efforts to identify and secure alternative supply chain sources has resulted in our customers or their end customers requiring requalification and validation of components, a process that can often be lengthy and has negatively impacted the timing of our revenue. In addition, we expect the near-term inventory correction that our optical communications customers are experiencing to persist, which will have an adverse impact on our ability to generate revenue. 
 Revenues by Geography 
 We generate revenues from three geographic regions: North America, Asia-Pacific and others, and Europe. Revenues are attributed to a particular geographic area based on the bill-to-location of our customers, notwithstanding that our customers may ultimately ship their products to end customers in a different geographic region. The substantial majority of our revenues are derived from our manufacturing facilities in Asia-Pacific. 
 The percentage of our revenues generated from a bill-to location outside of North America increased from 50.7 in fiscal year 2022 to 52.0 in fiscal year 2023, which was partially due to a decrease in sales to our customers in Europe by 4.9 . Based on the short- and medium-term indications and forecasts from our customers, we expect that the portion of our 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 future revenues attributable to customers in regions outside of North America will increase as compared with the portion of revenues attributable to such customers during fiscal year 2023. 
 The following table presents percentages of total revenues by geographic regions: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 North America 48.0 49.3 47.2 Asia-Pacific 43.2 37.0 35.6 Europe 8.8 13.7 17.2 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 Our Contracts 
 We enter into supply agreements with our customers which generally have an initial term of up to three years, subject to automatic renewals for subsequent one-year terms unless expressly terminated. Although there are no minimum purchase requirements in our supply agreements, our customers provide us with rolling forecasts of their demand requirements. Our supply agreements generally include provisions for pricing and periodic review of pricing, consignment of our customer s unique production equipment to us, and the sharing of benefits from cost-savings derived from our efforts. We are generally required to purchase materials, which may include long lead-time materials and materials that are subject to minimum order quantities and/or non-cancelable or non-returnable terms, to meet the stated demands of our customers. After procuring materials, we manufacture products for our customers based on purchase orders that contain terms regarding product quantities, delivery locations and delivery dates. Our customers generally are obligated to purchase finished goods that we have manufactured according to their demand requirements. Materials that are not consumed by our customers within a specified period of time, or that are no longer required due to a product s cancellation or end-of-life, are typically designated as excess or obsolete inventory under our contracts. Once materials are designated as either excess or obsolete inventory, our customers are typically required to purchase such inventory from us even if they have chosen to cancel production of the related products. The excess or obsolete inventory is shipped to the customer and revenue is recognized upon shipment. 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 The key components of our cost of revenues are material costs, employee costs, and infrastructure-related costs. Material costs generally represent the majority of our cost of revenues. Several of the materials we require to manufacture products for our customers are customized for their products and often sourced from a single supplier or in some cases, our own subsidiaries. Shortages from sole-source suppliers due to yield loss, quality concerns and capacity constraints, among other factors, may increase our expenses and negatively impact our gross profit margin or total revenues in a given quarter. Material costs include scrap material. Historically, scrap rate diminishes during a product s life cycle due to process, fixturing and test improvement and optimization. 
 A second significant element of our cost of revenues is employee costs, including indirect employee costs related to design, configuration and optimization of manufacturing processes for our customers, quality testing, materials testing and other engineering services; and direct costs related to our manufacturing employees. Direct employee costs include employee salaries, insurance and benefits, merit-based bonuses, recruitment, training and retention. Historically, our employee costs have increased primarily due to increases in the number of employees necessary to support our growth and, to a lesser extent, costs to recruit, train and retain employees. Our cost of revenues is significantly impacted by salary levels in Thailand, the PRC and the United Kingdom, the fluctuation of the Thai baht, RMB and GBP against our functional currency, the U.S. dollar, and our ability to retain our employees. We expect our employee costs to increase as wages continue to increase in Thailand and the PRC. Wage increases may impact our ability to sustain our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margin. We seek to mitigate these cost increases through improvements in employee productivity, employee retention and asset utilization. 
 Our infrastructure costs are comprised of depreciation, utilities, facilities management and overhead costs. Most of our facility leases are long-term agreements. Our depreciation costs include buildings and fixed assets, primarily at our Pinehurst and Chonburi campuses in Thailand, and capital equipment located at each of our manufacturing locations. 
 We expect to incur incremental costs of revenue as a result of our planned expansion into new geographic markets, though we are not able to determine the amount of these incremental expenses. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 During fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, discretionary merit-based bonus awards were made to our non-executive employees. Charges included in cost of revenues for bonus awards to non-executive employees were 6.8 million, 6.0 million and 5.6 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Share-based compensation expense included in cost of revenues was 6.7 million, 6.0 million and 6.2 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We expect to incur incremental costs of revenue as a result of our planned expansion into new geographic markets, though we are not able to determine the amount of these incremental expenses. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our SG A expenses primarily consist of corporate employee costs for sales and marketing, general and administrative and other support personnel, including research and development expenses related to the design of customized optics and glass, travel expenses, legal and other professional fees, share-based compensation expense and other general expenses not related to cost of revenues. In fiscal year 2024, we expect our SG A expenses will increase compared with our fiscal year 2023 SG A expenses, mainly due to increase in employee costs, sales and marketing cost and investing in information technology hardware. 
 The compensation committee of our board of directors approved a fiscal year 2023 executive incentive plan with quantitative objectives based solely on achieving certain revenue targets and non-U.S. GAAP operating margin targets for fiscal year 2023. Bonuses under the fiscal year 2023 executive incentive plan are payable after the end of fiscal year 2023. In fiscal year 2022, the compensation committee approved a fiscal year 2022 executive incentive plan with quantitative objectives that were based solely on achieving certain revenue targets and non-U.S. GAAP operating margin targets for fiscal year 2022. In August 2022, the compensation committee awarded bonuses to our executive employees for Company achievements of performance under our fiscal year 2022 executive incentive plan. Discretionary merit-based bonus awards are also available to our non-executive employees and payable on a quarterly basis. 
 Charges included in SG A expenses for bonus distributions to non-executive and executive employees were 6.1 million, 5.0 million and 4.6 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Share-based compensation expense included in SG A expenses was 20.9 million, 22.1 million and 19.3 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Additional Financial Disclosures 
 Foreign Exchange 
 As a result of our international operations, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, and primarily with respect to the Thai baht. Although a majority of our total revenues is denominated in U.S. dollars, a substantial portion of our payroll plus certain other operating expenses are incurred and paid in Thai baht. The exchange rate between the Thai baht and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future. We report our financial results in U.S. dollars and our results of operations have been and could in the future be negatively impacted if the Thai baht appreciates against the U.S. dollar. Smaller portions of our expenses are incurred in a variety of other currencies, including RMB, GBP, Canadian dollars, Euros, and Japanese yen, the appreciation of which may also negatively impact our financial results. 
 In order to manage the risks arising from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, we use derivative instruments. We may enter into foreign currency exchange forward or put option contracts to manage foreign currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities and other forecasted foreign currency transactions and may designate these instruments as hedging instruments. The forward and put option contracts generally have maturities of up to 12 months. All foreign currency exchange contracts are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Gains or losses on our forward and put option contracts generally present gross amount in the assets, liabilities, and transactions economically hedged. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 We had foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities in Thai baht, RMB and GBP as follows: 
 As of June 30, 2023 
 As of June 24, 2022 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Foreign Currency Foreign Currency Assets Thai baht 754,443 21,198 61.1 753,924 21,213 64.0 RMB 65,669 9,088 26.2 34,382 5,132 15.5 GBP 3,487 4,401 12.7 5,544 6,801 20.5 Total 34,687 100.0 33,146 100.0 Liabilities Thai baht 2,956,730 83,078 93.5 2,393,112 67,336 84.8 RMB 40,477 5,602 6.3 61,191 9,133 11.5 GBP 114 144 0.2 2,379 2,918 3.7 Total 88,824 100.0 79,387 100.0 
 The Thai baht assets represent cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, deposits and other current assets. The Thai baht liabilities represent trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, income tax payable and other payables. We manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates by the use of foreign currency contracts and offsetting assets and liabilities denominated in the same currency in accordance with management s policy. As of June 30, 2023, there was 143.0 million in foreign currency forward contracts outstanding on the Thai baht payables. As of June 24, 2022, there was 135.0 million in foreign currency forward contracts outstanding on the Thai baht payables. 
 The RMB assets represent cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable and other current assets. The RMB liabilities represent trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, income tax payable and other payables. As of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, we did not have any derivative contracts denominated in RMB. 
 The GBP assets represent cash and trade accounts receivable. The GBP liabilities represent trade accounts payable and other payables. As of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, we did not have any derivative contracts denominated in GBP. 
 For fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we recorded an unrealized gain of 0.4 million and unrealized loss of 0.8 million, respectively, related to derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Currency Regulation and Dividend Distribution 
 Foreign exchange regulation in the PRC is primarily governed by the following rules: 
 Foreign Currency Administration Rules, as amended on August 5, 2008, or the Exchange Rules; 
 Administration Rules of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996), or the Administration Rules; and 
 Notice on Perfecting Practices Concerning Foreign Exchange Settlement Regarding the Capital Contribution by Foreign-invested Enterprises, as promulgated by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ), on August 29, 2008, or Circular 142. 
 Under the Exchange Rules, RMB is freely convertible into foreign currencies for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions. However, conversion of RMB for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans, security investments and repatriation of investments, is still subject to the approval of SAFE. 
 Under the Administration Rules, foreign-invested enterprises may only buy, sell, or remit foreign currencies at banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business after providing valid commercial documents and relevant supporting documents and, in the case of capital account item transactions, obtaining approval from SAFE. Capital investments by foreign-invested enterprises outside of the PRC are also subject to limitations, which include approvals by the Ministry of Commerce, SAFE and the State Development and Reform Commission. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Circular 142 regulates the conversion by a foreign-invested company of foreign currency into RMB by restricting how the converted RMB may be used. Circular 142 requires that the registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise settled in RMB converted from foreign currencies may only be used for purposes within the business scope approved by the applicable governmental authority and may not be used for equity investments within the PRC. In addition, SAFE strengthened its oversight of the flow and use of the registered capital of foreign-invested enterprises settled in RMB converted from foreign currencies. The use of such RMB capital may not be changed without SAFE s approval and may not be used to repay RMB loans if the proceeds of such loans have not been used. 
 On January 5, 2007, SAFE promulgated the Detailed Rules for Implementing the Measures for the Administration on Individual Foreign Exchange, or the Implementation Rules. Under the Implementation Rules, PRC citizens who are granted share options by an overseas publicly-listed company are required, through a PRC agent or PRC subsidiary of such overseas publicly-listed company, to register with SAFE and complete certain other procedures. 
 In addition, the General Administration of Taxation has issued circulars concerning employee share options. Under these circulars, our employees working in the PRC who exercise share options will be subject to PRC individual income tax. Our PRC subsidiary has obligations to file documents related to employee share options with relevant tax authorities and withhold individual income taxes of those employees who exercise their share options. 
 Furthermore, our transfer of funds to our subsidiaries in Thailand and the PRC are each subject to approval by governmental authorities in case of an increase in registered capital, or subject to registration with governmental authorities in case of a shareholder loan. These limitations on the flow of funds between our subsidiaries and us could restrict our ability to act in response to changing market conditions. 
 Income Tax 
 Our effective tax rate is a function of the mix of tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we do business. We are domiciled in the Cayman Islands. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, we are not subject to tax in the Cayman Islands on income or capital gains until March 6, 2039. 
 Throughout the period of our operations in Thailand, we have generally received income tax and other incentives from the Thailand Board of Investment. Preferential tax treatment from the Thai government in the form of a corporate tax exemption on income generated from projects to manufacture certain products at our Chonburi campus is currently available to us through June 2026. Similar preferential tax treatment was available to us through June 2020 with respect to products manufactured at our Pinehurst campus Building 6. After June 2020, 50 of our income generated from products manufactured at our Pinehurst campus will be exempted from tax through June 2025. New preferential tax treatment is available to us for products manufactured at our Chonburi campus Building 9, where income generated will be tax exempt through 2031, capped at our actual investment amount. Such preferential tax treatment is contingent on various factors, including the export of our customers products out of Thailand and our agreement not to move our manufacturing facilities out of our current province in Thailand for at least 15 years from the date on which preferential tax treatment was granted. Currently, the corporate income tax rate for our Thai subsidiary is 20 . 
 The corporate income tax rates for our subsidiaries in the PRC, the U.S., the U.K. and Israel are 25 , 21 , 25 and 23 , respectively. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities on the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the financial reporting period. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information, our own historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The evaluation results form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Because the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. We consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements, as their application places the most significant demands on our management s judgment. 
 A quantitative sensitivity analysis is provided where such information is reasonably available, can be reliably estimated, and provides material information to investors. The amounts used to assess sensitivity are included for illustrative purposes only and do not represent management s predictions of variability. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our critical accounting policies and the adoption of new accounting policies are disclosed in Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies. There were no changes to our accounting policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We derive total revenues primarily from the assembly of products under supply agreements with our customers and the fabrication of customized optics and glass. We recognize revenue relating to contracts that depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount reflecting the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for such goods or services. In order to meet this requirement, we apply the following five steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers, which is subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 
 A performance obligation is a contractual promise to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. In contracts with multiple performance obligations, we identify each performance obligation and evaluate whether such obligation is distinct within the context of the contract at contract inception. The majority of our contracts have a single performance obligation, as the promise to transfer the individual goods or services is not separately identifiable from other promises under the contracts and, therefore, is not distinct. 
 Management uses judgment to identify performance obligations within a contract and to determine whether multiple promised goods or services in a contract should be accounted for separately or as a group. Judgment is also used in interpreting commercial terms and determining when transfer of control occurs. Moreover, judgment is used to estimate the contract s transaction price and allocate it to each performance obligation. Any material changes in the identification of performance obligations, determination and allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations, and determination of when transfer of control occurs to the customer, could impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition, which could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 We review property, plant and equipment for impairment on a quarterly basis or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of a long-lived asset or assets group exceeds its fair value. Recoverability of property and equipment is measured by comparing carrying amount to the projected undiscounted cash flows the property and equipment are expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment loss recognized, if any, is the amount by which the carrying amount of the property and equipment exceeds its fair value. The estimate of projected cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require significant judgment by us, including, but not limited to, future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products, and future production and sales volumes. In addition, significant judgment is required in determining the groups of assets for which impairment tests are separately performed. 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers financial condition and make provisions for doubtful accounts based on the outcomes of these credit evaluations. We evaluate the collectability of our accounts receivable based on specific customer circumstances, current economic trends, historical experience with collections, and the age of past due receivables. Changes in circumstances, such as an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer s ability to meet its financial obligation to us or its payment trends, may require us to further adjust estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Our inventory is stated at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis) or market value. Our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, short-term customer commitments, and rapid changes in demand. We make provisions for estimated excess and obsolete inventory based on regular reviews of inventory quantities on hand on a quarterly basis and the latest forecasts of product demand and production requirements from our customers. If actual market conditions or our customers product demands are less favorable than those projected, additional provisions may be required. In addition, unanticipated changes in liquidity or the financial positions of our customers or changes in economic conditions may require additional provisions for inventory due to our customers inability to fulfill their contractual obligations. As the market conditions or our customers product demands are inherently difficult to predict, the actual volumes may vary significantly from projected volumes. Differences in forecasted volume used in calculating excess and obsolete inventory can result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. During fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022, a change of 10 for excess and obsolete materials, based on product demand and production requirements from our customers, would have affected our net income by approximately 1.0 million and 0.7 million, respectively. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred Income Taxes 
 Our deferred income tax assets represent temporary differences between the carrying amount and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities that will result in deductible and payable amounts in future years, including net operating loss carry forwards. Based on estimates, the carrying value of our net deferred tax assets assumes that it is more likely than not that we will be able to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions to realize these deferred income tax assets. Our judgments regarding future profitability may change depending on future market conditions, changes in U.S. or international tax laws, or other factors. If these estimates and related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to increase or decrease our valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets, resulting in additional or lesser income tax expense. 
 During fiscal year 2020, one of our subsidiaries in the U.S. generated net operating loss and management expected that such subsidiary would continue to have net operating losses in the foreseeable future; therefore, management believed it was more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets of such subsidiary would not be utilized. Thus, a full valuation allowance of 2.1 million for the deferred tax assets was set up as of the end of fiscal year 2020. 
 During fiscal year 2021, our subsidiaries in the U.S. generated taxable income sufficient for the utilization of loss carryforwards due to better operating performance and effective control of operating expenses. Management determined that it was more likely than not that future taxable income would be sufficient to allow utilization of the deferred tax assets. Thus, a full valuation allowance of 2.1 million for the deferred tax assets was released as of June 25, 2021 and no valuation allowances for deferred tax assets of our subsidiaries in the U.S. have been set up as of June 24, 2022 and June 30, 2023. 
 During fiscal year 2020, our subsidiary in the U.K. also generated net operating loss and management expected that such subsidiary would continue to have net operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore, management believed it was more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets of such subsidiary would not be utilized. Thus, a full valuation allowance of 1.6 million for the deferred tax assets was set up as of the end of fiscal year 2020. A full valuation allowance of 4.9 million and 2.1 million were set up for the fiscal year ended June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively. 
 During fiscal year 2023, our subsidiary in the U.K. generated taxable income and was able to utilize loss carryforwards. Management determined that it was more likely than not that future taxable income would be sufficient to allow utilization of the deferred tax assets. Thus, a full valuation allowance of 1.6 million for the deferred tax assets was released as of June 30, 2023. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Note that period-to-period comparisons of operating results should not be relied upon as indicative of future performance. 
 Years Ended (in thousands) June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Revenues 2,645,237 2,262,224 1,879,350 Cost of revenues (2,308,964) (1,983,630) (1,657,987) Gross profit 336,273 278,594 221,363 Selling, general and administrative expenses (77,673) (73,941) (70,567) Restructuring and other related costs (6,896) (135) (43) Operating income 251,704 204,518 150,753 Interest income 11,234 2,205 3,783 Interest expense (1,472) (432) (1,100) Foreign exchange gain (loss), net (1,211) 2,302 508 Other income (expense), net (159) (1,627) (3,460) Income before income taxes 260,096 206,966 150,484 Income tax expense (12,183) (6,586) (2,143) Net income 247,913 200,380 148,341 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 4,678 (6,527) (5,119) Net comprehensive income 252,591 193,853 143,222 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated. 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenues (87.3) (87.7) (88.2) Gross profit 12.7 12.3 11.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses (2.9) (3.3) (3.8) Restructuring and other related costs (0.3) 0.0 0.0 Operating income 9.5 9.0 8.0 Interest income 0.4 0.1 0.2 Interest expense (0.1) 0.0 0.0 Foreign exchange gain (loss), net 0.0 0.1 0.0 Other income (expense), net 0.0 (0.1) (0.2) Income before income taxes 9.8 9.1 8.0 Income tax expense (0.4) (0.3) (0.1) Net income 9.4 8.8 7.9 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 0.2 (0.3) (0.3) Net comprehensive income 9.6 8.5 7.6 

42 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth our revenues by end market for the periods indicated. 
 Years Ended (in thousands) June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Optical communications 2,008,347 1,782,799 1,441,338 Lasers, sensors, and other 636,890 479,425 438,012 Total 2,645,237 2,262,224 1,879,350 
 We operate and internally manage a single operating segment. As such, discrete information with respect to separate product lines and segments is not accumulated. 
 Comparison of Fiscal Year 2023 with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Revenues . Our revenues increased by 383.0 million, or 16.9 , to 2,645.2 million for fiscal year 2023, compared with 2,262.2 million for fiscal year 2022. This increase was primarily due to an increase in our key customers demand for fiscal year 2023. Revenues from optical communications products represented 75.9 of our revenues for fiscal year 2023, compared with 78.8 for fiscal year 2022. 
 Cost of revenues . Our cost of revenues increased by 325.4 million, or 16.4 , to 2,309.0 million, or 87.3 of revenues, for fiscal year 2023, compared with 1,983.6 million, or 87.7 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022. The increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to a proportional increase in sales volume. 
 Gross profit . Our gross profit increased by 57.7 million, or 20.7 , to 336.3 million, or 12.7 of revenues, for fiscal year 2023, compared with 278.6 million, or 12.3 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022. The increase was primarily due to sales volume and product mix. 
 SG A expenses . Our SG A expenses increased by 3.8 million, or 5.1 , to 77.7 million, or 2.9 of revenues, for fiscal year 2023, compared with 73.9 million, or 3.3 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022. Our SG A expenses increased during fiscal year 2023, compared with fiscal year 2022, mainly due to (1) recognizing an actuarial loss on obligation of 1.1 million in fiscal year 2023, compared with recognizing an actuarial gain on obligation of 1.5 million in fiscal year 2022; (2) an increase in executive benefits of 1.0 million; (3) an increase in R D expenses of 0.8 million; (4) an increase in legal and consulting fees of 0.6 million; and (5) an increase in insurance expenses of 0.3 million; offset by a net decrease in allowance for doubtful accounts of 1.5 million. 
 Restructuring and other related costs. We recorded restructuring and other related costs for fiscal year 2023 of 6.9 million. 
 Operating income . Our operating income increased by 47.2 million, or 23.1 , to 251.7 million, or 9.5 of revenues, for fiscal year 2023, compared with 204.5 million, or 9.0 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022. 
 Interest income . Our interest income increased by 9.0 million to 11.2 million for fiscal year 2023, compared with 2.2 million for fiscal year 2022. The increase was primarily due to a higher weighted average interest rate in fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022. 
 Interest expense . Our interest expense increased by 1.1 million to 1.5 million for fiscal year 2023, compared with 0.4 million for fiscal year 2022. The increase was primarily due to (1) lower interest expense capitalized of 0.9 million following the completion of a new manufacturing building at our Chonburi campus in July 2022, and (2) lower amortization of the fair value of interest rate swaps of 0.3 million during fiscal year 2023; offset by lower interest expense due to a decrease in the amount of outstanding long-term loans. 
 Foreign exchange gain (loss), net . We recorded foreign exchange loss, net of 1.2 million for fiscal year 2023, compared with foreign exchange gain, net of 2.3 million for fiscal year 2022. The foreign exchange loss was mainly due to (1) unrealized foreign exchange loss from revaluation of outstanding Thai baht assets and liabilities of 3.5 million for fiscal year 2023, and (2) realized foreign exchange loss from payment/receipt of 3.1 million for fiscal year 2023, offset by (1) foreign exchange gain from subsidiaries in the PRC and the U.K., totaling 1.5 million for fiscal year 2023, (2) unrealized foreign exchange gain from mark-to-market of forward contracts of 1.2 million for fiscal year 2023, and (3) unrealized foreign exchange gain from revaluation of other currencies of 0.4 million for fiscal year 2023. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Income before income taxes . We recorded income before income taxes of 260.1 million for fiscal year 2023, compared with 207.0 million for fiscal year 2022. 
 Income tax expense . Our provision for income tax reflects an effective tax rate of 4.7 and 3.2 for fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022, respectively. The increase was primarily due to higher income subject to tax in fiscal year 2023, as compared to fiscal year 2022. 
 Net income . We recorded net income of 247.9 million, or 9.4 of revenues, for fiscal year 2023, compared with net income of 200.4 million, or 8.8 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) . We recorded other comprehensive income of 4.7 million, or 0.2 of revenues, for fiscal year 2023, compared with other comprehensive loss of 6.5 million, or 0.3 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022. The other comprehensive income was mainly due to (1) unrealized gain from mark-to-market of available-for-sale debt securities of 9.1 million for fiscal year 2023, and (2) unrealized gain from mark-to-market of forward contracts and interest rate swap agreement of 2.1 million for fiscal year 2023. 
 Comparison of Fiscal Year 2022 with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Revenues . Our revenues increased by 382.8 million, or 20.4 , to 2,262.2 million for fiscal year 2022, compared with 1,879.4 million for fiscal year 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase in customers demand for optical communications manufacturing services, particularly telecom manufacturing services, for fiscal year 2022. Revenues from optical communications products represented 78.8 of our revenues for fiscal year 2022, compared with 76.7 for fiscal year 2021. 
 Cost of revenues. Our cost of revenues increased by 325.6 million, or 19.6 , to 1,983.6 million, or 87.7 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022, compared with 1,658.0 million, or 88.2 of revenues, for fiscal year 2021. The increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to a proportional increase in sales volume. 
 Gross profit . Our gross profit increased by 57.2 million, or 25.8 , to 278.6 million, or 12.3 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022, compared with 221.4 million, or 11.8 of revenues, for fiscal year 2021. 
 SG A expenses . Our SG A expenses increased by 3.3 million, or 4.7 , to 73.9 million, or 3.3 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022, compared with 70.6 million, or 3.8 of revenues, for fiscal year 2021. Our SG A expenses increased during fiscal year 2022, compared with fiscal year 2021, mainly due to (1) an increase in share-based compensation expenses of 2.8 million from an increase in awards of performance share units and restricted share units; (2) a net increase in allowance for doubtful accounts of 1.6 million primarily due to a specific provision set up for one customer in fiscal year 2022; and (3) an increase in executive bonuses of 0.6 million; offset by actuarial gain on obligation of 1.5 million in fiscal year 2022. 
 Operating income . Our operating income increased by 53.7 million, or 35.6 , to 204.5 million, or 9.0 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022, compared with 150.8 million, or 8.0 of revenues, for fiscal year 2021. 
 Interest income . Our interest income decreased by 1.6 million to 2.2 million for fiscal year 2022, compared with 3.8 million for fiscal year 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a lower weighted average interest rate in fiscal year 2022 compared with fiscal year 2021. 
 Interest expense . Our interest expense decreased by 0.7 million to 0.4 million for fiscal year 2022, compared with 1.1 million for fiscal year 2021. The decrease was primarily due to (1) interest expense capitalized to a new manufacturing building at our Chonburi campus of 0.9 million in fiscal year 2022, and (2) lower loan interest expense of 0.2 million in fiscal year 2022; offset by lower amortization of the fair value of interest rate swaps of 0.4 million in fiscal year 2022. 
 Foreign exchange gain (loss), net . We recorded foreign exchange gain, net of 2.3 million for fiscal year 2022, compared with foreign exchange gain, net of 0.5 million for fiscal year 2021. The increase in foreign exchange gain was mainly due to (1) realized foreign exchange gain from payment/receipt of 1.1 million for fiscal year 2022, as compared to realized foreign exchange loss from payment/receipt of 1.0 million for fiscal year 2021, (2) higher unrealized foreign exchange gain from revaluation of outstanding Thai baht assets and liabilities of 1.6 million, and (3) lower unrealized foreign exchange loss from mark-to-market of forward contracts of 0.7 million, offset by (1) realized foreign exchange loss from subsidiaries in the PRC and the U.K., totaling 1.2 million for fiscal year 2022, as compared to realized foreign exchange gain from subsidiaries in the PRC and the U.K., totaling 1.3 million for fiscal year 2021, and (2) lower unrealized foreign exchange gain from revaluation of other currencies of 0.1 million. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Income before income taxes . We recorded income before income taxes of 207.0 million for fiscal year 2022, compared with 150.5 million for fiscal year 2021. 
 Income tax expense . Our provision for income tax reflects an effective tax rate of 3.2 and 1.4 for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily due to higher income subject to tax as well as more income subjected to tax in jurisdictions with higher tax rate in fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021. 
 Net income . We recorded net income of 200.4 million, or 8.8 of total revenues, for fiscal year 2022, compared with net income of 148.3 million, or 7.9 of total revenues, for fiscal year 2021. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) . We recorded other comprehensive loss of 6.5 million, or 0.3 of revenues, for fiscal year 2022, compared with other comprehensive loss of 5.1 million, or 0.3 of revenues, for fiscal year 2021. The increase in other comprehensive loss was mainly due to (1) higher unrealized loss from mark-to-market of available-for-sale debt securities of 5.1 million, and (2) unrealized loss from foreign currency translation adjustment of 0.2 million for fiscal year 2022, as compared to unrealized gain from foreign currency translation adjustment of 0.6 million for fiscal year 2021; offset by lower unrealized loss from mark-to-market of forward contracts and interest rate swap agreement of 4.5 million. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Flows and Working Capital 
 We primarily finance our operations through cash flow from operating activities. As of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of 550.5 million and 478.2 million, respectively, and outstanding debt of 12.2 million and 27.4 million, respectively. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents, which primarily consist of cash on hand, demand deposits and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less, are placed with banks and other financial institutions. The weighted average interest rate on our cash and cash equivalents for fiscal year 2023, fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021 was 2.4 , 0.5 and 0.7 , respectively. 
 Our cash investments are made in accordance with an investment policy approved by the audit committee of our board of directors. In general, our investment policy requires that securities purchased be rated A1, P-1, F1 or better. No security may have an effective maturity that exceeds three years. Our investments in fixed income securities are primarily classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity. Investments in debt securities that we have the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost and classified as held-to-maturity. Investments in debt securities that are not classified as held-to-maturity are carried at fair value and classified as available-for-sale with any unrealized gains and losses included in AOCI in the consolidated balance sheets. We determine realized gains or losses on sale of available-for-sale debt securities on a specific identification method and record such gains or losses as interest income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, we had long-term borrowing under our credit facility agreement of 12.2 million and 27.4 million, respectively (See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details). We anticipate that our internally generated working capital, along with our cash and cash equivalents will be adequate to repay these obligations. To better manage our cash on hand, we held short-term investments of 319.1 million as of June 30, 2023. 
 We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flow from operations, and funds available through our credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months following the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our ability to sustain our working capital position is subject to a number of risks that we discuss in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We also believe that our current manufacturing capacity is sufficient to meet our anticipated production requirements for at least the next few quarters. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows our cash flows for the periods indicated: Years Ended (in thousands) June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 213,310 124,246 122,157 Net cash used in investing activities (98,717) (135,543) (8,934) Net cash used in financing activities (80,984) (92,934) (42,754) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 33,609 (104,231) 70,469 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 198,365 303,123 232,832 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 231,368 198,365 303,123 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities is net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in certain assets and liabilities. The increase in cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022 was primarily driven by higher net income and was also affected by cash-favorable working capital changes. 
 Investing Activities 
 Investing cash flows consist primarily of investment purchases, sales, maturities, and disposals; and capital expenditures. Cash used in investing activities was lower for fiscal year 2023 as compared to cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2022 primarily due to lower capital expenditures and net proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments. 
 Financing Activities 
 Financing cash flows consist primarily of repayment of long-term debt, share repurchases, and withholding tax related to net share settlement of restricted share units. Cash used in financing activities was lower for fiscal year 2023 as compared to the fiscal year 2022 primarily due to less cash paid for share repurchases and a decrease in withholding tax related to net share settlement of restricted share units, offset by an increase in the repayment of long-term borrowings due to an additional installment from the additional week in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. 
 Material Cash Requirements for Contractual Obligations 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had material cash requirements of 13.5 million including scheduled payments within one year of 13.4 million and after one year of 0.1 million. These material cash requirements consisted of the following contractual and other obligations. 
 Term Loan and Interest Expenses 
 As of June 30, 2023, there was 12.2 million outstanding under the term loan that will mature on June 30, 2024 (see Note 13), which only consists of scheduled debt payments within one year of 12.2 million. 
 Operating Lease 
 As of June 30, 2023, we have certain operating lease arrangements under which the lease payments are calculated using the straight-line method. Our rental expenses under these leases which will be paid within one year is 1.2 million and after one year is 0.1 million. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 The following table sets forth our capital expenditures, which include amounts for which payments have been accrued, for the periods indicated. 
 Years Ended (in thousands) June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Capital expenditures 66,712 80,462 52,054 
 During fiscal year 2023, fiscal year 2022, and fiscal year 2021, we invested in a manufacturing building at our Chonburi campus and continued to purchase equipment to support the expansion of our manufacturing facilities in Thailand, the PRC and Israel. We expect our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2024 to increase compared to fiscal year 2023 mainly due to the purchase of manufacturing equipment to support the expansion of manufacturing facilities and investment in our information technology infrastructure. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for recent accounting pronouncements that could have an effect on us. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaling 550.5 million, 478.2 million and 547.9 million, as of June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively. We have interest rate risk exposure relating to the interest income generated by excess cash invested in highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less from the original dates of purchase. The cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments are held for working capital purposes. We have not used derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio. We have not been exposed nor do we anticipate being exposed to material risks due to changes in market interest rates. Declines in interest rates, however, will reduce future investment income. If overall interest rates had declined by 10 basis points during fiscal year 2023, fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021, our interest income would have decreased by approximately 0.5 million, 0.4 million and 0.5 million, respectively, assuming consistent investment levels. 
 We also have interest rate risk exposure in movements in interest rates associated with our interest-bearing liabilities. The interest-bearing liabilities are denominated in U.S. dollars and until September 29, 2023, the interest expense is based on LIBOR, plus an additional margin, depending on the lending institution. If the LIBOR had increased by 100 basis points during fiscal year 2023, fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021, our interest expense would have increased by approximately 0.2 million, 0.3 million and 0.4 million, respectively, assuming consistent borrowing levels. 
 We therefore entered into interest rate swap agreements (the Swap Agreements to manage this risk and increase the profile of our debt obligation. The terms of the Swap Agreements allow us to effectively convert the floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate. This locks the variable interest expenses associated with our floating rate borrowings and results in fixed interest expenses that are unsusceptible to market rate increases. We designated the Swap Agreements as a cash flow hedge, and they qualify for hedge accounting because the hedges are highly effective. While we intend to continue to meet the conditions for hedge accounting, if hedges do not qualify as highly effective, the changes in the fair value of the derivatives used as hedges would be reflected in our earnings. From September 27, 2019, any gains or losses related to these outstanding interest rate swaps will be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets, with subsequent reclassification to interest expense when settled. 
 We maintain an investment portfolio in a variety of financial instruments, including, but not limited to, U.S. government and agency bonds, corporate obligations, money market funds, asset-backed securities, and other investment-grade securities. The majority of these investments pay a fixed rate of interest. The securities in the investment portfolio are subject to market price risk due to changes in interest rates, perceived issuer creditworthiness, marketability, and other factors. These investments are generally classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of shareholders equity. 
 Investments in both fixed-rate and floating-rate interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The fair market values of our fixed-rate securities decline if interest rates rise, while floating-rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may be less than we expect because of changes in interest rates, or we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities that have experienced a decline in market value because of changes in interest rates. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 As a result of our foreign operations, we have significant expenses, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies. Substantially all of our employees and most of our facilities are located in Thailand, the PRC and the United Kingdom. Therefore, a substantial portion of our payroll as well as certain other operating expenses are paid in Thai baht, RMB and GBP. The significant majority of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars because our customer contracts generally provide that our customers will pay us in U.S. dollars. 
 As a consequence, our gross profit margins, operating results, profitability and cash flows are adversely impacted when the dollar depreciates relative to the Thai baht, the GBP or the RMB. We have a particularly significant currency rate exposure to changes in the exchange rate between the Thai baht, the GBP, the RMB and the U.S. dollar. We must translate foreign currency-denominated results of operations, assets and liabilities for our foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars in our consolidated 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 financial statements. Consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar compared with such foreign currencies will affect our reported results of operations and the value of our assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, even if our results of operations or the value of those assets and liabilities has not changed in its original currency. These transactions could significantly affect the comparability of our results between financial periods or result in significant changes to the carrying value of our assets, liabilities and shareholders equity. 
 We attempt to hedge against these exchange rate risks by entering into derivative instruments that are typically one to twelve months in duration, leaving us exposed to longer term changes in exchange rates. We designated the foreign currency forward contracts used to hedge fluctuations in the U.S. dollar value of forecasted transactions denominated in Thai baht as cash flow hedges, as they qualified for hedge accounting because the hedges are highly effective. While we intend to continue to meet the conditions for hedge accounting, if hedges do not qualify as highly effective, the changes in the fair value of the derivatives used as hedges would be reflected in our earnings. From December 28, 2019, any gains or losses related to these outstanding foreign currency forward contracts will be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets, with subsequent reclassification to the same statement of operations and comprehensive income line item as the earnings effect of hedge items when settled. We recorded unrealized gain of 0.4 million and unrealized loss 0.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, respectively, related to derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments. As foreign currency exchange rates fluctuate relative to the U.S. dollar, we expect to incur foreign currency translation adjustments and may incur foreign currency exchange losses. For example, a 10 weakening in the U.S. dollar against the Thai baht, the RMB and the GBP would have resulted in a decrease in our net dollar position of approximately 6.0 million and 5.3 million as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, respectively. We cannot give any assurance as to the effect that future changes in foreign currency rates will have on our consolidated financial position, operating results or cash flows. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk refers to our exposures to financial institutions, suppliers and customers that have in the past and may in the future experience financial difficulty, particularly in light of recent conditions in the credit markets and the global economy. As of June 30, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents were held in deposits and highly liquid investment products with maturities of three months or less with banks and other financial institutions having credit ratings of A minus or above. Our short-term investments as of June 30, 2023 are held in various financial institutions with a maturity limit not to exceed three years, and all securities are rated A1, P-1, F1 or better. We continue to monitor our surplus cash and consider investment in corporate and U.S. government debt as well as certain available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities in accordance with our investment policy. We generally monitor the financial performance of our suppliers and customers, as well as other factors that may affect their access to capital and liquidity. Presently, we believe that we will not incur material losses due to our exposures to such credit risk. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Financial Statements of Fabrinet 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 50 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30 , 202 3 and June 2 4 , 20 2 2 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended June 30 , 202 3 , June 2 4 , 202 2 and June 2 5 , 20 21 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended June 30 , 202 3 , June 2 4 , 202 2 and June 2 5 , 20 21 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30 , 202 3 , June 2 4 , 202 2 and June 2 5 , 20 21 
 55 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 

49 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Fabrinet 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fabrinet and its subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, consolidated statements of shareholders equity and consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue recognition Identifying and evaluating terms and conditions in contracts for the timing of revenue recognition. 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, management applies five-step in their determination of revenue to be recognized and the control of the product is typically transferred to the customer depending on the terms of the contract. The management applies judgment in identifying and evaluating any terms and conditions when the Company has an enforceable right to payment. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company s revenue was 2,645.2 million. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically the identification and evaluation of terms and conditions in contracts for the timing of revenue recognition, is a critical audit matter are that there was a significant amount of judgment exercised by management in identifying and evaluating terms and conditions in contracts that impact the timing of revenue recognition. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort in performing our audit procedures to evaluate whether terms and conditions in contracts and point of controls transferred were appropriately identified and evaluated by management. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence connected with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures involved testing the effectiveness of internal controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls related to the identification and evaluation of terms and conditions in contracts and the determination of the appropriate amount and timing of revenue recognition based on the contractual terms. These procedures also included, among others: (i) assessed the terms in the customer contract and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies and determination of revenue recognition; (ii) tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements; and; (iii) selected samples of sales transaction from the period within a defined period before and after the Company s fiscal year ended and obtained the invoices, purchase orders and proof of delivery, to evaluate whether revenue was recognized in the appropriate fiscal year. 

/s/ 
 
 August 22, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 FABRINET 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share data and par value) June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted cash Short-term investments Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets Long-term restricted cash Property, plant and equipment, net Intangibles, net Operating right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities Long-term borrowings, current portion, net Trade accounts payable Fixed assets payable Operating lease liabilities, current portion Income tax payable Accrued payroll, bonus and related expenses Accrued expenses Other payables Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Long-term borrowings, non-current portion, net Deferred tax liability Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion Severance liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) Shareholders equity Preferred shares shares authorized, par value; shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022) 
 Ordinary shares shares authorized, par value; shares and shares issued as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, respectively; and shares and shares outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Less: Treasury shares shares and shares as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, respectively) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Retained earnings Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 FABRINET 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Revenues Cost of revenues ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Restructuring and other related costs ) ) ) Operating income Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Foreign exchange gain (loss), net ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments ) ) Change in net retirement benefits plan prior service cost Change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Net comprehensive income Earnings per share Basic Diluted Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (thousands of shares) Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 FABRINET 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share data) Ordinary Share Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Shares Amount Balances at June 26, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cumulative effect adjustment from adoption of ASC 326 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of ordinary shares ) Repurchase of shares held as treasury shares 
 ) ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) Balances at June 25, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of ordinary shares ) Repurchase of shares held as treasury shares 
 ) ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) Balances at June 24, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Share-based compensation Issuance of ordinary shares ) Repurchase of shares held as treasury shares 
 ) ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 FABRINET 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended (in thousands of U. S. dollars) June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Non-cash restructuring charges and other related costs (Gain) loss on disposal and impairment of property, plant and equipment ) ) (Gain) loss from sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities ) Amortization of discount (premium) of short-term investments Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs (Reversal of) allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on exchange rate and fair value of foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Amortization of fair value at hedge inception of interest rate swaps ) ) ) Share-based compensation Deferred income tax ) ) ) Other non-cash expenses ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Trade accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets and non-current assets ) ) ) Trade accounts payable ) Income tax payable ) Severance liabilities Other current liabilities and non-current liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of short-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of short-term investments Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments Funds repayment from (provided to) customer to support transfer of manufacturing operations Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of intangibles ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayment of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Repayment of finance lease liability ) ) ) Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) Withholding tax related to net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Movement in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 FABRINET 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

 Years Ended (in thousands of U. S. dollars) June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of period Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of period Supplemental disclosures Cash paid for Interest Taxes Cash received for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities Construction, software and equipment related payables 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sums to the total of the same amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 As of (in thousands of U. S. dollars) June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of contents 

 FABRINET 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted) 
 
 1. 
 57 

Table of contents 

 2. 
 Use of estimates 
 
 Reclassifications 
 Contract assets ) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Changes in operating assets and liabilities Trade accounts receivable ) ) ) Contract assets ) ) 
 Contract assets and contract liabilities are presented in the consolidated balance sheets under other current assets and other payables, respectively. 
 June 25, 2021 (in thousands) As previously reported Reclassification After reclassification Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Changes in operating assets and liabilities Trade accounts receivable ) ) Contract assets ) ) 
 
 58 

Table of contents 

 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Short-term investments 
 
 59 

Table of contents 

Contract assets 
 
 Contract liabilities 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Leases 
 60 

Table of contents 

years 
 Building and building improvements - years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of useful life or lease term Manufacturing equipment - years 
 Office equipment - years 
 Motor vehicles - years 
 Computer hardware - years 
 
 Construction in process and machinery under installation is stated at historic cost and depreciation begins after it is constructed and fully installed and is ready for its intended use in the operations of the Company. 
 Gains and losses on disposal are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amounts and are included in other income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability on a quarterly basis for any events or changes in circumstances that indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets or asset groups is measured by comparing their carrying amount to the projected undiscounted cash flows that the long-lived assets or asset groups are expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment loss recognized, if any, is the amount by which the carrying amount of the long-lived assets exceeds its fair value. 
 Intangibles 
 Goodwill 
 61 

Table of contents 

Borrowing costs 
 Fair value of financial instruments 
 Derivatives 
 62 

Table of contents 

 Concentration of credit risk 
 Revenue recognition 
 Sales of finished goods 
 63 

Table of contents 

 on any given product. These standard warranties are assurance-type warranties, and the Company does not offer any services in addition to the assurance that the product will continue to work as specified. 
 The Company recognized revenue net of rebates and other similar allowances. Revenues are recognized only if these estimates can be reasonably and reliably determined. The Company estimates expected rebates and other similar allowances based on historical results taking into consideration the type of customer, the type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement. The Company considers such estimated rebates and other similar allowances as variable consideration when allocating the transaction price to the extent it is probable that there will not be a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized. The estimate is primarily based on the most likely level of consideration to be paid to the customer under the specific terms of each arrangement. 
 Services 
 million, million and million were recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively. 
 Contract Costs 
 
 Shipping and Handling 
 
 Warranty provision 
 Share-based compensation 
 
 64 

Table of contents 

Severance liabilities 
 Annual leave 
 
 Income taxes 
 65 

Table of contents 

66 

Table of contents 

 3. 
 impairment for contract assets was recorded for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, the contract assets are de minimis . 
 A contract liability is recognized when the Company has advance payment arrangements with customers. Contract liabilities are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets under other payables. The contract liabilities balance is normally recognized as revenue within six months. 
 Advance payment received during the year Revenue recognized ) Balance as of June 24, 2022 Advance payment received during the year Revenue recognized ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue by Geographic Area and End Market 
 Total revenues are attributed to a particular geographic area based on the bill-to-location of the Company s customers. The Company operates primarily in three geographic regions: North America; Asia-Pacific and others; and Europe. 
 Asia-Pacific Europe 

67 

Table of contents 

 Others (1) 
 Total revenue in North America Asia-Pacific and others Israel India Malaysia Hong Kong China Thailand Japan Others Total revenue in Asia-Pacific and others Europe U.K. Germany Ireland Others Total revenue in Europe Total revenue 
 (1) Others includes revenues from external customers based in our country of domicile, the Cayman Islands, which for each year presented is . 
 Lasers, sensors and other Total 
 
 4 . 
 million, million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively. 
 The majority of the Company s operations and production take place in Thailand. The Company was not subject to tax in Thailand from July 2012 through June 2020 on income generated from the manufacture of products at its Pinehurst campus Building 6, and is not subject to tax in Thailand from July 2018 through June 2026 on income generated from the manufacture of products at its Chonburi campus. After June 2020, of the Company's income generated from products manufactured at its Pinehurst campus Building 6 will be exempted from tax in Thailand through June 2025. New preferential tax treatment is available to the Company for products manufactured at its Chonburi campus Building 9, where income generated will be tax exempt through 2031, capped at the Company s actual investment amount. Such preferential tax treatment is contingent on various factors, including the export of our customers products out of Thailand and our agreement not to move our manufacturing facilities out of our current province in Thailand for at least 
 68 

Table of contents 

 years from the date on which preferential tax treatment was granted. Currently, the corporate income tax rate for our Thai subsidiary is . 
 The corporate income tax rates for our subsidiaries in the PRC, the U.S., the U.K. and Israel are , , and , respectively. Our provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred income taxes are recognized for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment. 
 Deferred ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 Tax expense calculated at a statutory corporate income tax rate of 20 
 Effect of income taxes from locations with tax rates different from Thailand 
 Income not subject to tax (2) 
 ) ) ) Income tax on unremitted earnings Foreign operations ) ) Tax rebate from research and development application ) ) ) Provision for uncertain income tax position ) ) Utilization of loss and tax credits carryforward ) ) ) Changes in valuation allowance (3) 
 ) ) Others Corporate income tax expense 
 (1) Income before income taxes was mostly generated from domestic income in the Cayman Islands. 
 (2) Income not subject to tax relates to income earned in the Cayman and Mauritius Islands and income subject to an investment promotion privilege for Pinehurst Building 6 and the Company s Chonburi campus. Income not subject to tax per ordinary share on a diluted basis was , , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022, and June 25, 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Changes in valuation allowances were due to adjustments based on management's assessment on the realizability of the related deferred tax assets. 
 
 69 

Table of contents 

 Severance liability Reserves and allowance Net operating loss carryforwards Others Total Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Temporary differences from intangibles and changes in the fair value of assets acquired ) ) Deferred tax from unremitted earnings ) ) Others Total ) ) Net 
 Additional Reduction ) Balance as of June 25, 2021 Additional Balance as of June 24, 2022 Additional Reduction ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 During fiscal year 2020, one of our subsidiaries in the U.S. generated net operating loss and management expected that such subsidiary would continue to have net operating losses in the foreseeable future; therefore, management believed it was more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets of such subsidiary would not be utilized. Thus, a full valuation allowance of million for the deferred tax assets was set up as of the end of fiscal year 2020. 
 During fiscal year 2021, our subsidiaries in the U.S. generated taxable income sufficient for the utilization of loss carryforwards due to better operating performance and effective control of operating expenses. Management determined that it was more likely than not that future taxable income would be sufficient to allow utilization of the deferred tax assets. Thus, a full valuation allowance of million for the deferred tax assets was released as of June 25, 2021 and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets of our subsidiaries in the U.S. have been set up as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022. 
 During fiscal year 2020, our subsidiary in the U.K. also generated net operating loss and management expected that such subsidiary would continue to have net operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore, management believed it was more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets of such subsidiary would not be utilized. Thus, a full valuation allowance of million for the deferred tax assets was set up as of the end of fiscal year 2020. A full valuation allowance of million and million were set up for the fiscal year ended June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively. 
 70 

Table of contents 

 million for the deferred tax assets was released as of June 30, 2023. 
 Income tax liabilities have not been established for withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings in Thailand, which are permanently reinvested. Unremitted earnings in Thailand totaled million and million as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, respectively. Unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for such unremitted earnings were million and million as of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, respectively. 
 Deferred tax liabilities of million and million have been established for withholding tax on the unremitted earnings in China for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, respectively, which are included in non-current deferred tax liability in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Uncertain income tax positions 
 Interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions are recognized in income tax expense. The Company had approximately million of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions on the consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2023. The Company recorded interest and penalties of million and million for the years ended June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The amount of interest and penalties reversed in fiscal 2023 provision for income taxes is not material. With regard to the Thailand jurisdiction, tax years 2017 through 2021 remain open to examination by the local authorities. 
 Additions during the year Release of tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Ending balance 

71 

Table of contents 

 5. 
 Weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding (thousands of shares) 
 Incremental shares arising from the assumed exercise of share options and vesting of restricted share units and performance share units (thousands of shares) 
 Weighted-average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings per ordinary share (thousands of shares) 
 Basic earnings per ordinary share Diluted earnings per ordinary share Outstanding performance share units excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per ordinary share (thousands of shares) (1) 
 
 (1) These performance share units were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per ordinary share because they are not expected to vest based on the Company s current assessment of the related performance obligations. 

6. 
 Cash equivalents Liquidity funds Certificates of deposit and time deposits Corporate debt securities ) U.S. agency and U.S. Treasury securities ) Total ) As of June 24, 2022 Cash Cash equivalents ) Liquidity funds Corporate debt securities ) U.S. agency and U.S. Treasury securities ) Total ) 
 
 72 

Table of contents 

 or less at the date of purchase. The effective interest rate on short term bank deposits was and per annum for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had investments in certificates of deposit of million and term deposit of million which classified as available-for-sale debt securities. As of June 24, 2022, the Company had investments in certificates of deposit. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, and , respectively, of our cash and cash equivalents were held by the Parent Company. 
 Due between one to five years Total 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recognized a realized loss of million from sales of available-for-sale debt securities in interest income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. During the year ended June 24, 2022, the Company recognized a realized loss of a de minimis amount from sales of available-for-sale debt securities in interest income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, the Company considered the decline in market value of its available-for-sale debt securities by using the AFS debt security impairment model. The Company typically invests in highly-rated securities, and its investment policy generally limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The policy requires investments generally to be investment grade, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. Fair values were determined for each individual security in the investment portfolio. The Company assessed impairment at the individual security level according to the relevant accounting standard by comparing its fair value/market value with its amortized cost. The Company considered factors such as the failure of the issuer of the security to make scheduled interest and principal payments and any changes to the credit rating of the security by a rating agency. The credit rating of the Company's invested securities are still in compliance with the Company's investment policy. impairment losses on available-for-sale debt securities were recorded for the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022. 

7. 

73 

Table of contents 

 Liquidity funds Certificates of deposit and time deposits Corporate debt securities U.S. agency and U.S. Treasury securities Derivative assets - current portion (1) 
 Total Liabilities Derivative liabilities - current portion ) ) Total ) (2) 
 ) 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total As of June 24, 2022 Assets Cash equivalents Liquidity funds Corporate debt securities U.S. agency and U.S. Treasury securities Derivative assets - current portion (3) 
 Total Liabilities Derivative liabilities - current portion ) ) Derivative liabilities - non-current portion ) ) Total ) (4) 
 ) 
 
 (1) Foreign currency forward contracts with an aggregate notional amount of million and million Canadian dollars and interest rate swap agreement with notional amount of million. 
 (2) Foreign currency forward contracts with an aggregate notional amount of million. 
 (3) Interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of million. 
 (4) Foreign currency forward contracts with an aggregate notional amount of million and million Canadian dollars and an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of million. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to hedge (i) foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities and other foreign currency transactions, and (ii) interest rate risk associated with its long-term debt. 
 The Company minimizes the credit risk associated with its derivative instruments by limiting the exposure to any single counterparty and by entering into derivative instruments only with counterparties that meet the Company s minimum credit quality standard. 
 Foreign Currency Forward and Option Contracts 
 As a result of foreign currency rate fluctuations, the U.S. dollar equivalent values of the Company s foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities fluctuate. The Company uses foreign currency forward and option contracts to manage 
 74 

Table of contents 

 outstanding U.S. dollar foreign currency forward contracts against Thai baht with an aggregate notional amount of million and with maturity dates ranging from July 2023 through January 2024, and foreign currency contract with a notional amount of million Canadian dollars and with a maturity date in September 2023. 
 As of June 24, 2022, the Company had outstanding U.S. dollar foreign currency forward contracts against Thai baht with an aggregate notional amount of million and with maturity dates ranging from July 2022 through January 2023, and foreign currency contract with a notional amount of million Canadian dollars and with a maturity date in September 2022. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the hedging relationship over foreign currency forward contracts which were designated for hedge accounting had been tested to be highly effective based on the performance of retrospective and prospective regression testing. As of June 30, 2023, the amount in AOCI that is expected to be reclassified into earnings within 12 months as loss was million. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, the Company included an unrealized gain of million and unrealized loss of million, respectively, from changes in fair value of foreign currency forward and option contracts which were not designated for hedge accounting in earnings as foreign exchange gain (loss), net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
 The Company entered into interest rate swap agreements to mitigate interest rate risk and improve the interest rate profile of the Company s debt obligations. As of June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, the Company had and outstanding interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of million, and million, respectively. 
 On July 25, 2018, Fabrinet Thailand entered into an interest rate swap agreement to effectively convert the floating interest rate of the term loan under the Company's previous syndicated senior credit facility agreement to a fixed interest rate of per annum through the scheduled maturity of the term loan in June 2023 (see Note 13). The Company did not designate this interest rate swap for hedge accounting. 
 On September 3, 2019, Fabrinet Thailand entered into a term loan agreement under a credit facility agreement with Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited, and on September 10, 2019, the Company repaid in full the outstanding term loan under the Company's previous syndicated senior credit facility agreement (see Note 13) In conjunction with the funding of the new term loan, the Company entered into a second interest rate swap agreement. The combination of both of these interest rate swaps effectively converts the floating interest rate of the Company s term loan with Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited to a fixed interest rate of per annum through the maturity of the term loan in June 2024. 
 On September 27, 2019, the Company designated these two interest rate swaps as a cash flow hedge for the Company s term loan under the credit facility agreement with Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited. The combination of these 
 75 

Table of contents 

 interest rate swaps qualified for hedge accounting because the hedges are highly effective, and the Company has designated and documented contemporaneously the hedging relationships involving these interest rate swaps. While the Company intends to continue to meet the conditions for hedge accounting, if hedges do not qualify as highly effective, the changes in the fair value of the derivatives used as hedges would be reflected in earnings. From September 27, 2019, any gains or losses related to these interest rate swaps will be recorded in AOCI in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company will reclassify a portion of the gains or losses from AOCI into earnings at each reporting period based on either the accrued interest amount or the interest payment. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the amount in AOCI that is expected to be reclassified into earnings within 12 months as gain is million. 
 ) Interest rate swaps Other comprehensive income Total derivatives loss (gain) recognized in other comprehensive income Derivatives loss (gain) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings: 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Cost of revenues Foreign currency forward contracts Selling, general and administrative expenses Foreign currency forward contracts Foreign exchange gain (loss), net ) ) Interest rate swaps Interest expense ) ) Total derivatives (gain) loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings ) ) Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments ) 
 Fair value of derivatives 
 ) ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Interest rate swaps ) Derivatives, gross balances ) ) 

76 

Table of contents 

8. 
 Less: Allowance for doubtful account ) ) Trade accounts receivable, net 

9. 
 Work in progress Finished goods Goods in transit Inventories 

10. 
 following the expiration of the current term. However, the Company has excluded all lease extension options from its right of use ROU assets and lease liabilities as the Company is not reasonably assured that it will exercise these options. None of the lease agreements contain residual value guarantees provided by the lessee. The Company also has intercompany lease transaction in the form of a lease of office and manufacturing space. 
 
 2025 Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total present value of lease liabilities (1) 
 
 million. 

77 

Table of contents 

 million, million and million, respectively. 
 Rental expense for short-term leases for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

78 

Table of contents 

 11. 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Less: Impairment reserve ) ) Net book value As of June 24, 2022 Cost Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Less: Impairment reserve ) ) Net book value 
 
 Depreciation expense amounted to million, million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively, and has been allocated between cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 The cost of fully depreciated property, plant and equipment written-off during the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021 amounted to million, million and million, respectively. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, the Company recognized impairment reserves for property, plant and equipment of million, million and million, respectively. 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023, and June 25, 2021, the Company had de minimis amount of borrowing costs capitalized. During year ended June 24, 2022, the Company had capitalized million of borrowing cost. 
 
 79 

Table of contents 

 12 . 
 ) Total intangibles (1) 
 ) 
 (1) Customer relationships and backlog were written-off in March 2023. 
 (in thousands) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Net As of June 24, 2022 Software ) Customer relationships ) ) Backlog ) Total intangibles ) ) 
 The Company recorded amortization expense relating to intangibles of million, million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively. 
 Customer relationships Total intangibles 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 
 80 

Table of contents 

 13. 
 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs current portion ) ) Long-term borrowings, current portion, net Long-term borrowings, non-current portion, net: Term loan borrowings: 3-month LIBOR + per annum (1) 
 Repayable in quarterly installments June 2024 Less: Current portion ) ) Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs non-current portion ) Long-term borrowings, non-current portion, net 
 (1) The Company entered into interest rate swaps that effectively fix a series of future interest payments on its term loans. Refer to Note 7. 
 Repayments during the period ) ) Closing balance 
 Credit facilities agreements: 
 On August 20, 2019, Fabrinet Thailand (the Borrower and Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited (the Bank entered into a credit facility agreement (the 2019 Credit Facility Agreement ), which provides for a facility of million Thai baht (approximately million based on the applicable exchange rate as of September 27, 2019) and million that may be used for, among other things, an overdraft facility, short-term loans against promissory notes, a letter of guarantee facility, a term loan facility and foreign exchange facilities. The Bank may approve any request for extension of credit under the 2019 Credit Facility Agreement and may increase or decrease any facility amount in its sole discretion. 
 Under the 2019 Credit Facility Agreement, on August 20, 2019, the Borrower and the Bank entered into a term loan agreement (the "Term Loan Agreement") pursuant to which the Borrower drew down on September 3, 2019 a term loan in the original principal amount of million. The proceeds from the term loan, together with cash on hand, were used to repay outstanding obligations under the Company's previous syndicated senior credit facility agreement. 
 The term loan accrues interest at 3-month LIBOR plus and is repayable in quarterly installments of million, commencing on September 30, 2019. On March 9, 2023, the Borrower and the Bank amended the Term Loan Agreement to replace the interest rate reference from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") effective from September 29, 2023. The term loan will mature on June 30, 2024. The Borrower may prepay the term loan in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. Any portion of the term loan repaid or prepaid may not be borrowed again. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded million of interest expense in connection with this term loan, including the impact from interest rate swaps. 
 81 

Table of contents 

 . If the loan to value ratio is not maintained, the Borrower will be required to provide additional security or prepay a portion of the term loan in order to restore the required ratio. The Company is also required to maintain a debt service coverage ratio of at least times and a debt to equity ratio less than or equal to times. In the case of any payment of a dividend by the Company, its debt service coverage ratio must be at least times. As of June 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants under the Term Loan Agreement. 
 The events of default under the Term Loan Agreement include failure to timely pay amounts due under the Term Loan Agreement or the related finance documents, failure to comply with the covenants under the Term Loan Agreement or the related finance documents, cross default with other indebtedness of the Borrower, events of bankruptcy or insolvency in respect of the Borrower, and the occurrence of any event or series of events that in the opinion of the Bank has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect. 
 As of June 30, 2023, there was million outstanding under the term loan. 
 On March 9, 2023, Fabrinet Thailand and the Parent Company (the Borrowers and the Bank entered into a credit facility agreement (the 2023 Credit Facility Agreement ), which provides a facility of million. 
 Any borrowings under the 2023 Credit Facility Agreement are secured by land and buildings owned by the Borrowers in the Pathumthani and Chonburi Provinces in Thailand. 
 Under the 2023 Credit Facility Agreement, the Borrowers are required to maintain a loan to value of the mortgaged real property ratio of not greater than . The Borrowers are also required to maintain a debt service coverage ratio of at least times and a debt-to-equity ratio of less than or equal to times. In the case of any payment of a dividend by the Company, its debt service coverage ratio must be at least times. 
 As of June 30, 2023, there was amount outstanding under the 2023 Credit Facility Agreement. 
 82 

Table of contents 

 14. 
 Current service cost Interest cost Benefit paid ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on exchange rate ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss on obligation ) Foreign currency translation ) Balance, end of the fiscal year Changes in plan assets Balance, beginning of the fiscal year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Foreign currency translation ) Balance, end of the fiscal year Underfunded status ) ) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Non-current liabilities 
 
 83 

Table of contents 

 - 
 - 
 - 
 Future salary increases - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit costs 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 June 24, 2022 June 25, 2021 Discount rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected long-term rate of return on assets 
 
 15. 
 Performance share units Total share-based compensation expense Tax effect on share-based compensation expense Net effect on share-based compensation expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense Restructuring and other related costs Total share-based compensation expense 
 The Company did not capitalize any share-based compensation expense as part of any asset costs during the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021. 
 Share-based award activity 
 On December 12, 2019, the Company s shareholders approved Fabrinet s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). Upon the approval of the 2020 Plan, Fabrinet s Amended and Restated 2010 Performance Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan was simultaneously terminated. The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of equity awards thereunder with respect to (i) ordinary shares, plus (ii) up to ordinary shares that, as of immediately prior to the termination of the 2010 Plan, had been reserved but not issued pursuant to any awards granted under the 2010 Plan and are not subject to any awards thereunder. Upon termination of the 2010 Plan, ordinary shares were reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan pursuant to clause (ii) of the preceding sentence. 
 As of June 30, 2023, there were restricted share units outstanding, performance share units outstanding and ordinary shares available for future grant under the 2020 Plan. 
 84 

Table of contents 

 restricted share units outstanding under the 2010 Plan. ordinary shares are available for future grant under the 2010 Plan. 
 On November 2, 2017, the Company adopted the 2017 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Inducement Plan with a reserve of ordinary shares authorized for future issuance solely for the granting of inducement share options and equity awards to new employees. The 2017 Inducement Plan was adopted without shareholder approval in reliance on the employment inducement exemption provided under the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. As of June 30, 2023, there were awards outstanding and ordinary shares available for future grant under the 2017 Inducement Plan. 
 The 2020 Plan, 2010 Plan and 2017 Inducement Plan are collectively referred to as the Equity Incentive Plans. 
 2010 Plan 2017 Inducement Plan Total 
 Restricted share units and performance share units 
 Restricted share units and performance share units have been granted under the Equity Incentive Plans. 
 Restricted share units granted to employees generally vest in equal installments over three or on each anniversary of the vesting commencement date. Restricted share units granted to non-employee directors generally cliff vest on the first of January, approximately from the grant date, provided the director continues to serve through such date. 
 Performance share units granted to executives will vest, if at all, at the end of a performance period based on the Company s achievement of pre-defined performance criteria, which consist of revenue and non-GAAP operating margin targets. The actual number of performance share units that may vest at the end of the performance period ranges from to of the award grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance as of June 25, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance as of June 24, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 Expected to vest as of June 30, 2023 
 
 85 

Table of contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance as of June 25, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance as of June 24, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Balance as of June 30, 2023 Expected to vest as of June 30, 2023 
 The fair value of restricted share units and performance share units is based on the market value of our ordinary shares on the date of grant. 
 The total fair value of restricted share units and performance share units vested during the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of restricted share units and performance share units outstanding as of June 30, 2023 was million. 
 As of June 30, 2023, there was million and million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to restricted share units and performance share units, respectively, under the Equity Incentive Plans that is expected to be recorded over a weighted-average period of years and years, respectively. 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, the Company withheld an aggregate of shares and shares, respectively, upon the vesting of restricted share units and performance shares units, based upon the closing share price on the vesting date to settle employee tax withholding obligations. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 24, 2022, the Company then remitted cash of million and million, respectively, to the appropriate taxing authorities, and presented it as a financing activity within the consolidated statements of cash flows. The payment was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 
 
 16 . 
 million, million and million during the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company sponsors the Fabrinet U.S. 401(k) Retirement Plan 401(k) Plan ), a Defined Contribution Plan under ERISA, at its subsidiaries in the United States which provides retirement benefits for eligible employees through tax deferred salary deductions. The 401(k) Plan allows employees to contribute up to of their annual compensation, subject to annual contributions limits established by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company provides for a match of employees contributions to the 401(k) Plan up to the first of annual compensation. All matching contributions are made in cash and vest immediately. The Company s matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan were million, million and million during the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively. 
 86 

Table of contents 

 million, million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 24, 2022 and June 25, 2021, respectively. 

17. 
 
 ordinary shares, par value of per ordinary share, and preferred shares, par value of per preferred share. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, Fabrinet issued ordinary shares upon the vesting of restricted share units and performance share units under the Equity Incentive Plans, net of shares withheld. 
 For the year ended June 24, 2022, Fabrinet issued ordinary shares upon the vesting of restricted share units and performance share units under the Equity Incentive Plans, net of shares withheld. 
 For the year ended June 25, 2021, Fabrinet issued ordinary shares upon the vesting of restricted share units and performance share units under the Equity Incentive Plans, net of shares withheld. 
 All such issued shares are fully paid. 
 Treasury shares 
 In August 2017, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase program to permit the Company to repurchase up to million worth of its issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the open market in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. In February 2018, May 2019, August 2020 and August 2022, the Company s board of directors approved an increase of million, million, million and million, respectively, to the original share repurchase authorization, bringing the aggregate authorization to million. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares under the program at an average price per share (excluding other direct costs) of , totaling million. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had a remaining authorization to repurchase up to million of its ordinary shares under the share repurchase program. Shares repurchased under the share repurchase program are held as treasury shares. 
 87 

Table of contents 

 18. 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Tax effects Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance as of June 24, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Tax effects Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments Cost of revenues Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments Selling, general and administrative expenses Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments Foreign exchange gain (loss), net ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments Interest expense ) ) Retirement benefit plan Prior service cost Selling, general and administrative expenses Total amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) 

88 

Table of contents 

 19. 
 million and million, respectively, or Thai Baht million and Thai Baht million, respectively. In addition, there were other immaterial bank guarantees on behalf of the Company's subsidiary in Israel to support the operations related to the Israeli Customs department. 
 As of June 24, 2022, there was an outstanding bank guarantee on behalf of the Company's subsidiary in the PRC to support the subsidiary's operations totaling RMB million, which bank guarantee was backed by cash collateral of million. This bank guarantee was released in December 2022. In addition, there were other immaterial bank guarantees on behalf of the Company's subsidiary in the U.K. to support its operations. 
 Purchase obligations 
 Purchase obligations represent legally binding commitments to purchase inventory and other commitments made in the normal course of business to meet operational requirements. Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, their terms generally give the Company the option to cancel, reschedule and/or adjust its requirements based on its business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. Obligations to purchase inventory and other commitments are generally expected to be fulfilled within one year. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had purchase obligations and other commitments to third parties of billion. 
 Capital expenditure 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had total capital expenditure commitments to third parties of million. 
 Indemnification of directors and officers 
 Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of directors and officers, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Fabrinet s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of directors and officers for actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses incurred in their capacities as such, except that such indemnification does not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty that may attach to any of them. 
 In accordance with Fabrinet s form of indemnification agreement for its directors and officers, Fabrinet has agreed to indemnify its directors and officers against certain liabilities and expenses incurred by such persons in connection with claims by reason of their being such a director or officer. Fabrinet maintains a director and officer liability insurance policy that may enable it to recover a portion of any future amounts paid under the indemnification agreements. 

20. 
 
 89 

Table of contents 

 21. 
 U.S. China Israel Others 
 Significant customers 
 Lumentum Operations LLC Nvidia Corporation Infinera Corporation 
 Represents less than 10 of total revenues. 
 Nvidia Corporation Lumentum Operations LLC Cisco Systems Inc. 
 Represents less than 10 of total accounts receivable. 

90 

Table of contents 

 22. 
 . All foreign currency exchange contracts are recognized on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Gain or loss on the Company s derivative instruments generally offset the assets, liabilities under master netting arrangement and transactions economically hedged. 
 Foreign currency risk 
 The Company operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures primarily with respect to the Thai baht, RMB and GBP. 
 For the Company s foreign currency assets and liabilities, see Additional Financial Disclosures in Item 7. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company s principal interest bearing assets are time deposits and short-term investments with maturities of three years or less held with high quality financial institutions. The Company s principal interest bearing liabilities are bank loans which bear interest at floating rates. 
 The Company entered into interest rate swap agreements (the Swap Agreements to manage this risk and increase the profile of the Company s debt obligation. The terms of the Swap Agreements allow the Company to effectively convert the floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate. This locks the variable in interest expenses associated with our floating rate borrowings and results in fixed interest expenses, which is unsusceptible to market rate increase. The Company designated the Swap Agreements as a cash flow hedge, and they qualify for hedge accounting because the hedges are highly effective. While the Company intend to continue to meet the conditions for hedge accounting, if hedges do not qualify as highly effective, the changes in the fair value of the derivatives used as hedges would be reflected in our earnings. From September 27, 2019, any gains or losses related to these outstanding interest rate swaps will be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets, with subsequent reclassification to interest expense when settled. 
 
 23. 
 million of the Company s outstanding ordinary shares, bringing the aggregate authorization under the Company s existing share repurchase program to million, with million currently remaining. 
 91 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on their evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to Fabrinet s management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of the Company as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately, and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in Internal Control -Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 Based on their assessment, management concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of the end of fiscal year 2023, based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Ltd., an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, no director or officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, each as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 92 

Table of contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 93 

Table of contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements : See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules : All schedules are omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits : We have filed, or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the exhibits listed in Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by reference herein Exhibit Number Description Form Exhibit No. Filing Date File No. 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 
 S-1/A 3.1 May 3, 2010 333-163258 4.1 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate 
 S-1/A 4.1 June 14, 2010 333-163258 4.2 Description of Fabrinet s Securities 
 10-K 4.2 August 20, 2019 001-34775 10.1.1+ 2010 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 
 8-K 10.1 December 15, 2017 001-34775 10.1.2+ 2010 Performance Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement 
 10-Q 10.4 February 5, 2013 001-34775 10.1.3+ 2010 Performance Incentive Plan Form of Performance-Based Restricted Share Unit Agreement 
 10-Q 10.5 November 9, 2016 001-34775 10.2.1+ 2017 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 99.1.1 November 8, 2017 333-221423 10.2.2+ 2017 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement 
 S-8 99.1.2 November 8, 2017 333-221423 10.2.3+ 2017 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan Form of Performance-Based Restricted Share Unit Agreement 
 S-8 99.1.3 November 8, 2017 333-221423 10.3.1+ 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 99.1 December 12, 2019 333-235462 10.3.2+ 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement 
 S-8 99.2 December 12, 2019 333-235462 10.3.3+ 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Performance-Based Restricted Share Unit Agreement 
 S-8 99.3 December 12, 2019 333-235462 
 94 

Table of contents 

 Incorporated by reference herein Exhibit Number Description Form Exhibit No. Filing Date File No. 10.4+ Offer letter, dated September 20, 2017, by and between Seamus Grady and Fabrinet 
 8-K 10.1 September 25, 2017 001-34755 10.5+ Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated February 26, 2019, as amended effective August 10, 2022, by and between Seamus Grady and Fabrinet 
 10-Q 10.1 November 8, 2022 001-34755 10.6+ Amended and restated offer letter, dated May 3, 2023, between Harpal Gill and Fabrinet USA, Inc. 
 8-K 10.1 May 8, 2023 001-34755 10.7+ Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2007, by and between Dr. Harpal Gill and Fabrinet Co., Ltd. 
 S-1 10.5 November 7, 2007 333-147191 10.8+ Amended and restated offer letter, dated December 30, 2022, between Csaba Sverha and Fabrinet Co., Ltd. 
 10-Q 10.1 February 7, 2023 001-34755 10.9+ Description of Non-Employee Director Compensation Arrangements 
 10.10+ Description of Fiscal Year 2024 Executive Incentive Plan 
 8-K, Item 5.02 N/A August 21, 2023 001-34755 10.11+ Description of Fiscal Year 2023 Executive Incentive Plan 
 8-K, Item 5.02 N/A August 15, 2022 001-34755 10.12+ Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan and form of Participation Agreement 
 8-K 10.1 August 16, 2021 001-34755 10.13+ Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 S-1/A 10.1 January 28, 2010 333-163258 10.14 Manufacturing Agreement, dated May 29, 2005, by and between the registrant and FBN New Jersey Holdings Corp. 
 S-1 10.1 November 7, 2007 333-147191 10.15 Manufacturing Agreement, dated January 2, 2000, by and between the registrant and Fabrinet Co., Ltd. 
 S-1 10.11 November 7, 2007 333-147191 10.16 Administrative Services Agreement, dated January 2, 2000, by and between the registrant and Fabrinet USA, Inc. 
 S-1 10.12 November 7, 2007 333-147191 10.17 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 3, 2008, by and between the registrant and Fabrinet Pte. Ltd. 
 S-1 10.14 November 20, 2009 333-163258 10.18 Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2019, by and between Fabrinet Co., Ltd. and Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited 
 8-K 10.1 September 12, 2019 001-34775 10.19 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2019, by and between Fabrinet Co., Ltd. and Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited 
 8-K 10.2 September 12, 2019 001-34775 10.20 Amendment Agreement to Term Loan Agreement, dated March 9, 2023, by and between Fabrinet Co., Ltd. And Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited 
 10-Q 10.1 May 9, 2023 001-34775 
 95 

Table of contents 

 Incorporated by reference herein Exhibit Number Description Form Exhibit No. Filing Date File No. 10.21+ Letter agreement, dated August 10, 2022, regarding amendment of Seamus Grady s Fiscal 2022 Performance-Based RSU Awards 
 10-Q 10.2 November 8, 2023 001-34775 10.22+ Letter agreement, dated August 10, 2022, regarding amendment of Harpal Gill s Fiscal 2022 Performance-Based RSU Awards 
 10-Q 10.3 November 8, 2023 001-34775 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 10-K 21.1 August 22, 2022 001-34775 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Ltd. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ________________ 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules: See Item 15(a)(2), above. 
 96 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 Not applicable. 
 97 

Table of contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on August 22, 2023. 
 FABRINET By: /S/ CSABA SVERHA Name: Csaba Sverha Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Seamus Grady and Csaba Sverha and each of them, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /S/ SEAMUS GRADY Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director August 22, 2023 Seamus Grady /S/ CSABA SVERHA Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) August 22, 2023 Csaba Sverha /S/ DAVID T. MITCHELL Chairman of the Board of Directors August 22, 2023 David T. Mitchell /S/ HOMA BAHRAMI Director August 22, 2023 Homa Bahrami /S/ DARLENE KNIGHT 
 Director August 22, 2023 Darlene Knight /S/ THOMAS F. KELLY Director August 22, 2023 Thomas F. Kelly /S/ FRANK H. LEVINSON Director August 22, 2023 Frank H. Levinson /S/ ROLLANCE E. OLSON Director August 22, 2023 Rollance E. Olson 
 
 98 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 fn-20230331x10kex109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.9 

DESCRIPTION OF NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS 
 The Compensation Committee of Fabrinet s Board of Directors (the Board annually reviews director compensation with the assistance of its independent compensation consultant to ensure that it is appropriate and competitive in light of market circumstances and prevailing best practices for corporate governance. The compensation elements reflect the Board s view that compensation to non-employee directors should consist of an appropriate mix of cash and equity awards. The annual non-employee director compensation arrangements described below have been effective since June 25, 2022. 
 
 Pay Element Board Compensation for Non-Employee Directors Annual Retainer (Cash) All Board Members 75,000 
 Board Chair 200,000 
 Lead Independent Director 45,000 
 Applicable only if the Board Chair is a non-employee director. This retainer was approved by the Board in connection with Mr. Mitchell s transition in June 2018 from executive chairman of the Board to non-employee Chairman of the Board in light of Mr. Mitchell s ongoing significant involvement with Fabrinet and the valuable leadership and guidance he provides to Fabrinet. 
 Applicable only if the Board Chair is not an independent director. 
 Committee Member Retainer (Cash) Audit Committee 12,500 (or 33,000 if member is the chair) 
 Compensation Committee 10,000 (or 21,000 if member is the chair) 
 Nominating & Corporate 
 Governance Committee 6,000 (or 15,000 if member is the chair) 
 Restricted Share Units (Equity) Initial Grant Upon joining the Board, and effective as of the date an individual becomes a non-employee member of the Board, an award of RSUs, on a prorated basis, to cover a number of Fabrinet s ordinary shares equal to 220,000 , divided by the closing price of the ordinary shares on the NYSE on the date of grant, and multiplied by the ratio of (i) the number of days beginning with the date the director joins the Board and ending on the day immediately preceding the one year anniversary of the prior year s annual shareholder meeting, divided by (ii) 365 days, with the resulting number rounded down to the nearest whole share. For the avoidance of doubt, an individual who becomes a non-employee director as a result of ceasing to be an employee will be eligible to receive an Initial Grant. 
 Annual Grant On the date of each annual shareholder meeting and provided that the non-employee director will continue as a Board member following such meeting, an award of RSUs covering a number of Fabrinet s ordinary shares equal to 220,000 , divided by the closing price of the ordinary shares on the NYSE on the date of grant, with the resulting number rounded down to the nearest whole share. 

Pay Element Board Compensation for Non-Employee Directors Vesting RSUs will be scheduled to vest in full on January 1 following the next annual meeting of shareholders after the applicable date of grant, provided the director continues to remain a service provider to Fabrinet through such date. 
 Grants are automatic and nondiscretionary and subject to the terms and conditions of Fabrinet s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement previously approved for use under such plan. Any RSUs that vest will be settled in ordinary shares of Fabrinet, and the par value of ordinary shares of Fabrinet issued upon such settlement will be considered to have been paid with past services rendered. 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 fn-20230630x10kexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Name Country of Incorporation CASIX Inc. People s Republic of China Casix Pte. Ltd. Singapore FBN New Jersey Manufacturing, Inc. Delaware, United States of America Fabrilink SEZC Cayman Islands Fabrinet China Holdings Ltd. Mauritius Fabrinet Co., Ltd. Thailand Fabrinet Germany GmbH Germany Fabrinet Pte., Ltd. Singapore Fabrinet UK Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom Fabrinet UK Ltd. United Kingdom Fabrinet USA, Inc. California, United States of America Fabrinet West, Inc. California, United States of America Fabritek, Inc. California, United States of America Fabrinet Israel Ltd. Israel 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 fn-20230630x10kexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-168950, 333-177853, 333-186501, 333-221423, 333-222154 and 333-235462) of Fabrinet of our report dated August 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Ltd. 
 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Ltd. 
 Bangkok, Thailand 
 August 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 fn-20230630x10kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Seamus Grady, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fabrinet 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date August 22, 2023 
 s SEAMUS GRADY 
 Seamus Grady Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 fn-20230630x10kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Csaba Sverha, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fabrinet 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date August 22, 2023 
 s CSABA SVERHA 
 Csaba Sverha Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 fn-20230630x10kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Seamus Grady, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fabrinet for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Fabrinet. 
 
 By 
 s SEAMUS GRADY Date August 22, 2023 
 Name 
 Seamus Grady 
 Title 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

I, Csaba Sverha, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fabrinet for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Fabrinet. 
 
 By 
 s CSABA SVERHA Date August 22, 2023 
 Name 
 Csaba Sverha 
 Title 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fn-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fn-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fn-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fn-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fn-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

