<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230908_10-K_edgar_data_100378_0001437749-23-025446.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15252027</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193479</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1967290</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5556509</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3357497</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3759923</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-025446.hdr.sgml : 20230908
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230908081551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-025446
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		127
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230908
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230908

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TWIN DISC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100378
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3560]
		IRS NUMBER:				390667110
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07635
		FILM NUMBER:		231243712

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1328 RACINE ST
		CITY:			RACINE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2626384000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1328 RACINE STREET
		CITY:			RACINE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TWIN DISC CLUTCH CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19770217

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-025446.txt : 20230908

10-K
 1
 twin20230630_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

twin20230630_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D. C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 Or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, including area code: ) 
 
 1328 Racine Street, Racine, Wisconsin 53403 
 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) (Zip Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 None 
 (Title of Class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
 No 

1

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large Accelerated Filer 
 Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report . 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 At December 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non affiliates of the registrant was . Determination of stock ownership by affiliates was made solely for the purpose of responding to this requirement and registrant is not bound by this determination for any other purpose. 
 
 At August 23, 2023, the registrant had shares of its common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 
 
 Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report, are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

2

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

TWIN DISC, INC. - FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 5 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 9 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 9 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 10 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure. 
 10 

Information About Our Executive Officers. 
 10 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 11 

Item 6. 
 Reserved. 
 11 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 11 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 
 19 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 19 

Item 9. 
 Change In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 19 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 19 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 20 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 20 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 21 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 21 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence. 
 21 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 21 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 22 

Exhibit Index. 
 66 

Signatures. 
 70 

3

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Twin Disc, Incorporated Twin Disc , or the Company was incorporated under the laws of the state of Wisconsin in 1918. Twin Disc designs, manufactures and sells marine and heavy duty off highway power transmission equipment. The Company has manufacturing locations in the United States, Belgium, Italy, Switzerland and the Netherlands. In addition to these countries, it has distribution locations in Singapore, China, Australia and Japan. Products offered include: marine transmissions, azimuth drives, surface drives, propellers and boat management systems as well as power-shift transmissions, hydraulic torque converters, power take-offs, industrial clutches and controls systems. The Company sells its products to customers primarily in the pleasure craft, commercial and military marine markets, as well as in the energy and natural resources, government and industrial markets. The Company's worldwide sales to both domestic and foreign customers are transacted through a direct sales force and a distributor network. The products described above have accounted for more than 90 of revenues in each of the last three fiscal years. 
 
 Most of the Company's products are machined from cast iron, forgings, cast aluminum and bar steel which generally are available from multiple sources and which are believed to be in adequate supply. 
 
 The Company has applied for patents in both the United States and certain foreign countries on inventions made in the course of its development work for which commercial applications are considered probable. The Company regards its patents collectively as important but does not consider its business dependent upon any one of such patents. 
 
 The business is not considered to be seasonal except to the extent that employee vacations and plant shutdowns, particularly in Europe, occur mainly in the months of July and August, curtailing production during that period. 
 
 The Company's products receive direct widespread competition, including from divisions of other larger independent manufacturers. The Company also competes for business with parts manufacturing divisions of some of its major customers. The primary competitive factors for the Company s products are design, technology, performance, price, service and availability. The Company s top ten customers accounted for approximately 47 and 50 of the Company's consolidated net sales during the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Included in the Company s top ten customers, there was one customer, an authorized distributor of the Company, that accounted for 10 of consolidated net sales in fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Unfilled open orders for the next six months of 119.2 million at June 30, 2023 compares to 101.2 million at June 30, 2022. Since orders are subject to cancellation and rescheduling by the customer, the six month order backlog is considered more representative of operating conditions than total backlog. However, as procurement and manufacturing "lead times" change, the backlog will increase or decrease, and thus it does not necessarily provide a valid indicator of the shipping rate. Cancellations are generally the result of rescheduling activity and do not represent a material change in total backlog. 
 
 Management recognizes that there are attendant risks that foreign governments may place restrictions on dividend payments and other movements of money, but these risks are considered low due to the relatively low investment within individual countries that have currency movement restrictions. No material portion of the Company s business is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts at the election of the U.S. government. 
 
 Engineering and development costs include research and development expenses for new product development and major improvements to existing products, and other costs for ongoing efforts to refine existing products. Research and development costs charged to operations totaled 2.5 million and 1.6 million in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Total engineering and development costs were 8.7 million and 8.8 million in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Compliance with federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, is not anticipated to have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or the competitive position of the Company. 

4

The number of persons employed by the Company at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was 739 and 761, respectively. The Company believes that its continued success is a direct result of its talent. As such, the Company strives to be an employer of choice in every community in which it operates. It does this by fostering a fair, respectful, inclusive and safe work environment and culture shaped with its core values of customer focus, integrity, accountability, teamwork, and innovation. 
 
 A summary of financial data by segment, geographic area, and classes of products that accounted for more than 10 of consolidated sales revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 appears in Note J, Business Segments and Foreign Operations, to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company s website address is www.twindisc.com. The Company makes available free of charge (other than an investor s own internet access charges) through its website the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes such material to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The SEC maintains an internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, such as the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. In addition, the Company makes available, through its website, important corporate governance materials. This information is also available from the Company upon request. The Company is not including the information contained on or available through its website as a part of, or incorporating such information by reference to, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The Company s business involves various risk factors. The following information about these risks should be considered carefully together with other information contained in this report. The risks described below are not the only risks the Company faces. Additional risks not currently known, deemed immaterial or that could apply to any issuer may also result in adverse results for the Company s business. 
 
 As a global company, the Company is subject to currency fluctuations and a significant movement between the U.S. dollar and the euro exchange rate, in particular, could have an adverse effect on its profitability. Although the Company s financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, a significant portion of its sales and operating costs are realized in euros and other foreign currencies. The Company s profitability is affected by movements of the U.S. dollar against the euro and the other currencies in which it generates revenues and incurs expenses. Significant long-term fluctuations in relative currency values, in particular a significant change in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the euro, could have an adverse effect on the Company s profitability and financial condition. 
 
 The Company continues to be adversely affected by the economic disruptions caused by the global coronavirus pandemic. In March 2020, the World Health Organization WHO declared that a new strain of coronavirus that originated in Wuhan, China, and has rapidly spread around the world COVID-19 is a pandemic that poses significant risk to the international community. This outbreak contributed to shelter-in-place policies, unexpected factory closures, supply chain disruptions, and market volatility causing substantial declines in market capitalization, and occurring in the midst of an already challenging economic environment in some of our markets, most notably the oil and gas market. As a result of the outbreak, starting in March 2020 and intermittently through June 30, 2023, the Company suspended or reduced its operations, in whole or in part, in several of its locations. The Company s businesses operate in market segments impacted by COVID-19. Operating during a global pandemic has exposed the Company to a number of material risks, including diminished demand for our products and our customers products, suspensions in the operations of our and our suppliers manufacturing facilities, maintenance of appropriate labor levels, our ability to ship products to our customers, interruptions in our supply chains and distribution systems, access to capital and potential increases to the cost of capital, collection of trade receivables in accordance with their terms and potential further impairment of long-lived assets; all of which, in the aggregate, have had an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Management continues to monitor the global situation and its effect on financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry and workforce. The Company remains unable to estimate the full extent or nature of the impact of COVID-19. 

5

Certain of the Company s products are directly or indirectly used in oil exploration and oil drilling and are thus dependent upon the strength of those markets and oil prices. In recent years, the Company has seen significant variations in the sales of its products that are used in oil and energy related markets. The variability in these markets has been defined by the change in oil prices and the global demand for oil. Significant decreases in oil prices and reduced demand for oil and capital investment in the oil and energy markets adversely affect the sales of these products and the Company s profitability. The cyclical nature of the global oil and gas market presents the ongoing possibility of a severe cutback in demand, which would create a significant adverse effect on the sales of these products and ultimately on the Company s profitability. 
 
 Many of the Company s product markets are cyclical in nature or are otherwise sensitive to volatile or unpredictable factors. A downturn or weakness in overall economic activity or fluctuations in those other factors could have a material adverse effect on the Company s overall financial performance . Historically, sales of many of the products that the Company manufactures and sells have been subject to cyclical variations caused by changes in general economic conditions and other factors. In particular, the Company sells its products to customers primarily in the pleasure craft, commercial and military marine markets, as well as in the energy and natural resources, government and industrial markets. The demand for the products may be impacted by the strength of the economy generally, governmental spending and appropriations, including security and defense outlays, fuel prices, interest rates, as well as many other factors. Adverse economic and other conditions may cause the Company's customers to forego or otherwise postpone purchases in favor of repairing existing equipment. 
 
 In the event of an increase in the global demand for steel, the Company could be adversely affected if it experiences shortages of raw castings and forgings used in the manufacturing of its products. With the continued advancement of certain developing economies, in particular China and India, the global demand for steel has risen significantly in recent years. The Company selects its suppliers based on a number of criteria, and the Company expects that they will be able to support its needs. However, there can be no assurance that a significant increase in demand, capacity constraints or other issues experienced by the Company s suppliers will not result in shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials to the Company. If the Company were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of critical components from any of its suppliers, particularly those who are sole sources, and could not procure the components from other sources, the Company would be unable to meet its production schedules for some of its key products and would miss product delivery dates which would adversely affect its sales, profitability and relationships with its customers. 
 
 The Company continues to face the prospect of increasing commodity costs, including steel, other raw materials and energy that could have an adverse effect on future profitability. In addition, developments in tariff regulations in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions have resulted in uncertainty regarding international trade policies and future commodity prices, contributing to an increased risk of higher commodity costs that could have an adverse impact on the Company s profitability, financial condition and results of operations. The Company s profitability is dependent, in part, on commodity costs. To date, the Company has been successful with offsetting the effects of increased commodity costs through cost reduction programs and pricing actions. However, if material prices were to continue to increase at a rate that could not be recouped through product pricing or cost reductions, it could potentially have an adverse effect on the Company s future profitability. 
 
 The Company anticipates that additional tariffs or trade restrictions resulting from trade wars could result in an increase in its cost of sales and there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to pass any of the increases in raw material costs directly resulting from additional tariffs to its customers. Given that it procures many of the raw materials that it uses to create its products directly or indirectly from outside of the United States, the imposition of tariffs and other potential changes in U.S. trade policy could increase the cost or limit the availability of such raw materials, which could hurt its competitive position and adversely impact its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Company sells a significant proportion of its products to customers outside of the United States. Retaliatory actions by other countries could result in increases in the price of its products, which could limit demand for such products, hurt its global competitive position and have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

6

If the Company were to lose business with any key customers, the Company s business would be adversely affected. Although there was only one customer that accounted for 10 or more of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023, deterioration of a business relationship with one or more of the Company s significant customers would cause its sales and profitability to be adversely affected. Although the Company s accounts receivable are dispersed among a large customer base, a significant change in the liquidity or financial position of any one of its largest customers could have a material adverse impact on the collectability of its accounts receivable and future operating results. 
 
 The termination of relationships with the Company s suppliers, or the inability of such suppliers to perform, could disrupt its business and have an adverse effect on its ability to manufacture and deliver products. The Company relies on raw materials, component parts, and services supplied by outside third parties. If a supplier of significant raw materials, component parts or services were to terminate its relationship with the Company, or otherwise cease supplying raw materials, component parts, or services consistent with past practice, the Company s ability to meet its obligations to its customers may be affected. Such a disruption with respect to numerous products, or with respect to a few significant products, could have an adverse effect on the Company s profitability and financial condition. 
 
 A significant design, manufacturing or supplier quality issue could result in recalls or other actions by the Company that could adversely affect profitability. As a manufacturer of highly engineered products, the performance, reliability and productivity of the Company s products are some of its competitive advantages. While the Company prides itself on implementing procedures to ensure the quality and performance of its products and suppliers, a significant quality or product issue, whether due to design, performance, manufacturing or supplier quality issue, could lead to warranty actions, scrapping of raw materials, finished goods or returned products, the deterioration in a customer relationship, or other action that could adversely affect warranty and quality costs, future sales and profitability. 
 
 The Company faces risks associated with its international sales and operations that could adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition. Sales to customers outside the United States approximated 65 of the Company s consolidated net sales for fiscal 2023. The Company has international manufacturing operations in Belgium, Italy, the Netherlands and Switzerland. In addition, the Company has international distribution operations in Singapore, China, Australia, Japan, Italy, Belgium, and India. The Company s international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including: 

currency exchange rate fluctuations 

export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, and restrictions on the transfer of funds, including dividends 

problems with the transportation or delivery of its products 

issues arising from cultural or language differences 

potential social and labor unrest as well as public health and political crises 

longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivables 

compliance with trade and other laws in a variety of jurisdictions 

changes in tax law 

compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

These factors could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 A material disruption at the Company s manufacturing facility in Racine, Wisconsin could adversely affect its ability to generate sales and meet customer demand. The majority of the Company s manufacturing, based on fiscal 2023 sales, came from its facility in Racine, Wisconsin. If operations at this facility were to be disrupted as a result of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, power outages, fires, explosions, adverse weather conditions, labor force disruptions or other reasons, the Company s business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Interruptions in production would increase costs and reduce sales. Any interruption in production capability could require the Company to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation, which could negatively affect its profitability and financial condition. The Company maintains property damage insurance which it believes is adequate to reconstruct its facilities and equipment, as well as business interruption insurance to mitigate losses resulting from any production interruption or shutdown caused by an insured loss. However, any recovery under this insurance policy may not offset the lost sales or increased costs that may be experienced during the disruption of operations. Lost sales may not be recoverable under the policy and long-term business disruptions could result in a loss of customers. If this were to occur, future sales levels and costs of doing business, and therefore profitability, could be adversely affected. 

7

The ability to service the requirements of debt depends on the ability to generate cash and/or refinance its indebtedness as it becomes due, and depends on many factors, some of which are beyond the Company s control. The Company entered into a credit agreement on June 29, 2018. The Company s ability to make payments on its indebtedness, including those under the credit agreement, and to fund planned capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other corporate expenses depends on the Company s future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. Many of these factors are beyond its control. The Company cannot be certain that its business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or operating improvements will be realized or that future borrowings will be available to it in an amount sufficient to enable it to repay its indebtedness or to fund its other operating requirements. Significant delays in its planned capital expenditures may materially and adversely affect the Company s future revenue prospects. 
 
 Any failure to meet debt obligations and financial covenants, and maintain adequate asset-based borrowing capacity could adversely affect the Company s business and financial condition. The Company s three-year revolving credit facility expiring June 2025 is secured by certain personal property assets such as accounts receivable, inventory, and machinery and equipment. Under this agreement, the Company s borrowing capacity is based on the eligible balances of these assets and it is required to maintain sufficient asset levels at all times to secure its outstanding borrowings. The Company is also required to comply with a total funded debt to EBITDA ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, and a minimum tangible net worth. If the Company does not meet these financial covenants as specified under the agreement, the Company may require forbearance or relief from its financial covenant violations from its senior lender or be required to arrange alternative financing. Failure to obtain relief from financial covenant violations or to obtain alternative financing, if necessary, would have a material adverse impact on the Company. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had a borrowing capacity that exceeded its outstanding loan balance (see Note G, Debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements). Based on its annual financial plan, the Company believes that it will generate sufficient cash flow levels throughout fiscal 2024 to meet the required financial covenants under the agreements. However, as with all forward-looking information, there can be no assurance that the Company will achieve the planned results in future periods. 
 
 While the Company has obtained forgiveness of its Paycheck Protection Program Loan PPP loan ), it remains subject to audit under the program s rules and any resulting adverse audit findings of non-compliance can result in the repayment of a portion or all of the PPP loan. On April 17, 2020 the Company received proceeds of 8.2 million from a loan under the PPP of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), which it has used to retain employees, maintain payroll and make lease and utility payments. The Company accounted for the full proceeds as a loan. It obtained formal forgiveness of the full amount of the loan on June 16, 2021, and accounted for the forgiveness as income from extinguishment of loan in its statement of operations for the year ended June 30, 2021. 
 
 While the loan has been formally forgiven, under the terms of the PPP Loan, the Company remains subject to an audit by the Small Business Administration SBA for a period of six years after forgiveness. The audit is intended to confirm the Company s eligibility for the PPP loan and the appropriateness of the PPP loan forgiveness. The Company is aware of the requirements of the PPP Loan and believes it is within the eligibility threshold and has used the loan proceeds in accordance with PPP loan forgiveness requirements. It has retained all necessary documentation in support of its eligibility, including gross receipts calculations, supporting payroll expenses and related information. However, no assurance is provided that the Company will satisfy fully all the requirements of an audit. If despite the Company s actions and certification that it satisfied all eligibility requirements for the PPP loan, it is later determined that it violated applicable laws or was otherwise ineligible to receive the PPP loan, it may be required to repay the PPP loan in its entirety in a lump sum or be subject to additional penalties, which could result in adverse publicity and damage to the Company s reputation. If these events were to transpire, they could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

8

The Company carries a significant amount of intangible assets, but it may never fully realize the full value of these assets. The Company recorded significant non-cash goodwill impairment charges in fiscal 2020, as well as in prior fiscal years. As part of the acquisition of Veth Propulsion in July 2018, the Company acquired goodwill and intangible assets in the form of customer relationships, technology and knowhow and tradenames. In fiscal 2020, due to its assessment of the adverse economic consequences of the COVID-19 outbreak and the negative trends in its markets as explained in Note D, Intangible Assets, the Company recorded significant impairment charges, writing off all the goodwill in its books, as well as writing down some intangibles and other assets. In fiscal 2017 and 2016, when the Company s markets were significantly adversely affected by the global oil and gas decline, it recorded significant impairment charges related to two of its prior acquisitions. Any deterioration in the industries or businesses of the Company may trigger future non-cash impairment charges, which may have a material adverse effect to the Company s financial results. 
 
 The Company may experience negative or unforeseen tax consequences. The Company reviews the probability of the realization of its net deferred tax assets each period based on forecasts of taxable income in both the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. This review uses historical results, projected future operating results based upon approved business plans, eligible carryforward periods, tax planning opportunities and other relevant considerations. Adverse changes in the profitability and financial outlook in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions may require the creation of a valuation allowance to reduce the Company s net deferred tax assets. Such changes could result in material non-cash expenses in the period in which the changes are made and could have a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. In fiscal 2021, the Company recorded a 100 allowance on its domestic deferred tax assets, totaling 15.9 million. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, the allowance totaled 22.3 million and 23.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Taxing authority challenges and changes to tax laws may lead to tax payments exceeding current reserves. The Company is subject to ongoing tax examinations in various jurisdictions. As a result, the Company may record incremental tax expense based on expected outcomes of such matters. In addition, the Company may adjust previously reported tax reserves based on expected results of these examinations. Such adjustments could result in an increase or decrease to the Company s effective tax rate. 
 
 Future changes in tax law in the United States or the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates and income tax holidays could have a material impact on the Company s effective tax rate, foreign rate differential, future income tax expense and cash flows. 
 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise the Company s information system and expose the Company to liabilities, which would cause its business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of its business, the Company collects and stores sensitive data, including its proprietary business information and that of its customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as personally identifiable information of its customers and employees, in its internal and external data centers, cloud services and on its networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to the Company s operations and business strategy. Despite the Company s security measures, its information technology and infrastructure, and that of its partners, may be vulnerable to malicious attacks or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions, including as a result of rollouts of new systems. Any such breach or operational failure would compromise the Company s networks and/or that of its partners and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings and/or regulatory fines or penalties, including, among others, under the European Union s General Data Privacy Regulation, disrupt the Company s operations, damage its reputation and/or cause a loss of confidence in the Company s products and services, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Company leases a facility in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S.A., which serves as its corporate headquarters. 

9

Manufacturing Segment 
 
 The Company owns two manufacturing, assembly and office facilities in Racine, Wisconsin, U.S.A., and one in Decima, Italy. The aggregate floor space of these three plants approximates 580,000 square feet. One of the Racine facilities is classified as an asset held for sale. The Company leases additional manufacturing, assembly and office facilities in, Sturtevant, Wisconsin; Lufkin, Texas; Limite sull Arno, Italy; Papendrecht, Netherlands; Nivelles, Belgium; Novazzano, Switzerland; and Decima, Italy. 
 
 Distribution Segment 
 
 The Company also has operations in the following locations, all of which are leased and are used for sales offices, warehousing and light assembly or product service: 

Brisbane, Queensland, Australia 
 Guangzhou, China 

Perth, Western Australia, Australia 
 Chennai, India 

Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia 
 Coimbatore, India 

Singapore 
 Saitama City, Japan 

Shanghai, China 

The Company believes its properties are well maintained and adequate for its present and anticipated needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Twin Disc is a defendant in certain product liability or related claims of which the ultimate outcome and liability to the Company, if any, are not presently determinable. Management believes that the final disposition of such litigation will not have a material impact on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10 K, the following list is included as an unnumbered Item in Part I of this Report in lieu of being included in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on October 26, 2023. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 

John H. Batten 
 58 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Jeffrey S. Knutson 
 58 
 Vice President Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

Officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors at the Board meeting held in conjunction with each Annual Meeting of the Shareholders. Each officer holds office until a successor is duly elected, or until he/she resigns or is removed from office. 
 
 John H. Batten, President and Chief Executive Officer. Effective October 2022, Mr. Batten was renamed President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Batten served as Chief Executive Officer since May 2019, President and Chief Executive Officer since July 2013, President and Chief Operations Officer since July 2008, Executive Vice President since October 2004, Vice President and General Manager Marine Products since October 2001 and Commercial Manager Marine since 1998. Mr. Batten joined Twin Disc in 1996 as an Application Engineer. 
 
 Jeffrey S. Knutson, Vice President Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Knutson was named Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in June 2015. Mr. Knutson was named Vice President Finance, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Interim Treasurer in February 2015. Mr. Knutson was appointed Corporate Secretary in June 2013, and was Corporate Controller from his appointment in October 2005 until August 2015. Mr. Knutson joined the Company in February 2005 as Controller of North American Operations. Prior to joining Twin Disc, Mr. Knutson held Operational Controller positions with Tower Automotive (since August 2002) and Rexnord Corporation (since November 1998). 

10

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company's common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TWIN. 
 
 There were no dividend payments made in the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 For information regarding the Company s equity-based compensation plans, see the discussion under Item 12 of this report. As of August 4, 2023, shareholders of record numbered 331. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period 
 
 (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share 
 
 (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

(d) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

April 1, 2023 April 28, 2023 

0 
 
 NA 

0 

315,000 

April 29, 2023 May 26, 2023 

0 
 
 NA 

0 

315,000 

May 2, 2023 - June 30, 2023 

0 
 
 NA 

0 

315,000 

Total 

0 
 
 NA 

0 

315,000 

On February 1, 2008, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to 500,000 shares of Common Stock at market values, of which 250,000 shares were purchased during fiscal 2009 and 125,000 shares were purchased during fiscal 2012. On July 27, 2012, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of an additional 375,000 shares of Common Stock at market values. This authorization has no expiration. During the second quarter of fiscal 2013, the Company purchased 185,000 shares under this authorization. The Company did not make any purchases during fiscal 2022 and 2023. As of June 30, 2023, 315,000 shares remain authorized for purchase. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Special Note Regarding Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 
 Under SEC Release 33-10513; 34-83550, Amendments to Smaller Reporting Company Definition, the Company qualifies as a smaller reporting company based on its public float as of the last business day of the second quarter of fiscal 2023. Accordingly, it has scaled some of its disclosures of financial and non-financial information in this annual report. The Company will continue to determine whether to provide additional scaled disclosures of financial or non-financial information in future quarterly reports, annual reports and/or proxy statements if it remains a smaller reporting company under SEC rules. 

11

Note on Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report contains statements (including but not limited to certain statements in Items 1, 3, and 7) that are forward-looking as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission in its rules, regulations and releases. Forward-looking statements include the Company s description of plans and objectives for future operations and assumptions behind those plans. The words anticipates, believes, intends, estimates, and expects, or similar anticipatory expressions, usually identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management s current expectations that are based on assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary because of variations between these assumptions and actual performance. In addition, goals established by the Company should not be viewed as guarantees or promises of future performance. There can be no assurance the Company will be successful in achieving its goals. 
 
 The Company intends that such forward-looking statements qualify for the safe harbors from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition to the assumptions and information referred to specifically in the forward-looking statements, other factors, including, but not limited to those factors discussed under Item 1A, Risk Factors, could cause actual results to be materially different from what is presented in any forward-looking statements. Accordingly, the making of such statements should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the results expressed therein will be achieved. The Company assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events, new information, or otherwise. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales for fiscal 2023 increased 14.0 , or 34.1 million, to 277.0 million from 242.9 million in fiscal 2022. The Company continued to experience growing demand across most of the markets served, following the unfavorable impact of the COVID-19 crisis on the Company s global markets in fiscal 2020 and 2021. While market demand was strong through the year, supply chain challenges again limited the Company s ability to deliver product during the fiscal year. The Company noted improving supply chain performance through the year, delivering sequential revenue improvements through the four quarters of fiscal 2023. Currency translation had an unfavorable impact on fiscal 2023 sales compared to the prior year totaling 11.5 million, primarily due to the weakening of the euro and Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar. 
 
 Sales for our manufacturing segment increased 12.2 , or 26.6 million, versus the same period last year. The largest improvement was seen at the Company s Veth propulsion operation in the Netherlands, which experienced a 17.1 increase in sales compared to fiscal 2022 despite a 3.2 million unfavorable currency translation impact. The primary driver for this increase was growing demand for the Company s innovative propulsion solutions around the globe, partially offset by supply chain challenges limiting shipments. The Company s domestic manufacturing operation experienced a 9.6 increase in sales in fiscal 2023, driven by continued strong demand across the product portfolio, with particular strength in demand for oil and gas related products for both new construction and rebuilds. The Company s Italian manufacturing operations reported a 14.4 increase in sales from fiscal 2022, despite an unfavorable currency translation impact, thanks to recovering European markets following the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company s Belgian manufacturing operation saw a 12.3 increase in sales from fiscal 2022 despite an unfavorable foreign exchange impact, with strength in the global marine markets it serves. The Company s Swiss manufacturing operation, which supplies customized propellers for the global mega yacht and patrol boat markets, experienced a 16.4 increase in sales compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to a recovering European marine market. 

12

Sales for our distribution segment were up 14.3 , or 15.2 million, compared to fiscal 2022, with improving global demand and product delivery from the manufacturing operations. The Company s Asian distribution operation in Singapore, China and Japan experienced a 7.4 increase in sales due to the recovering global demand following the impacts of COVID-19 and continued strength in Chinese demand for oil and gas related products. The Company s European distribution operation saw a slight increase in sales of 2.1 , as improving demand was offset by an unfavorable currency translation impact and supply chain challenges limiting shipment of goods from the production operations. The Company s North American distribution operation experienced significant revenue growth of 35.7 as supply chain challenges eased somewhat, allowing for a catch-up in deliveries against a strong demand backdrop. The Company s distribution operation in Australia, which provides boat accessories, propulsion and marine transmission systems primarily for the pleasure craft market, saw a 14.4 sales increase, driven by strong demand for the Company s product in the pleasure craft market. 
 
 Net sales for the Company s marine transmission, propulsion and boat management systems were up 17.2 in fiscal 2023 compared to the prior fiscal year. This increase reflects a general strengthening of the global economy following the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in fiscal 2022, continued global growth of the Veth product and a general easing of supply chain constraints during the second half of the fiscal year. In the off-highway transmission market, the year-over-year increase of 12.5 can also be attributed primarily to the global recovery following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, with particular strength in North American aftermarket product sales for the oil and gas industry. Sale of the Company s pressure pumping transmission systems into China also remains strong. The decrease experienced in the Company s industrial products of 7.2 was a function of a stronger fiscal 2022 driven by the catch-up in demand after a pause during the COVID-19 pandemic, along with a softening in order rates during the second half of the fiscal year. 
 
 Geographically, sales to the U.S. and Canada improved 22 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, representing 38 of consolidated sales for fiscal 2023 compared to 36 in fiscal 2022. The increase is primarily due to the continuing economic recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic, with strong demand experienced across the markets served by the Company. Sales into the Asia Pacific market improved 13 compared to fiscal 2022 and represented approximately 23 of sales in fiscal 2023, compared to 23 in fiscal 2022. The increase in fiscal 2023 reflects a continued strong Australian pleasure craft market, continued demand for the Company s oil and gas transmissions by the Chinese market and a general economic recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic. Sales into the European market improved approximately 11 from fiscal 2022 levels while accounting for 30 of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023 compared to 31 of net sales in fiscal 2022. The region enjoyed strong demand across the end markets served, limited somewhat by supply chain challenges, but overcoming an unfavorable currency exchange impact. See Note J, Business Segments and Foreign Operations, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the Company s business segments and foreign operations. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 In fiscal 2023, gross profit improved 5.5 million, or 8.0 , to 74.3 million on a sales increase of 34.0 million. Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased 150 basis points in fiscal 2023 to 26.8 , compared to 28.3 in fiscal 2022. 
 
 There were a number of factors that impacted the Company s overall gross profit rate in fiscal 2023. Gross profit for the year was primarily impacted by improved volumes (approximately 9.6 million) and a more favorable product mix (approximately 1.5 million). This was driven by the global economic recovery that started in fiscal 2021 following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and an increase in the sales of high-margin oil and gas transmissions and parts. The Company experienced a negative impact to margins from inflationary cost pressures, primarily through the first three quarters of the fiscal year 3.7 million). In addition, the prior year result included the net favorable impact on margins from the recording of benefits related to COVID-19 relief programs of the U.S. and the Netherlands, totaling 2.0 million. 
 
 Marketing, Engineering and Administrative (ME A) Expenses 
 
 Marketing, engineering, and administrative (ME A) expenses of 62.2 million were up 2.2 million, or 3.6 , in fiscal 2023 compared to the prior fiscal year. As a percentage of sales, ME A expenses decreased to 22.5 of sales versus 24.7 of sales in fiscal 2022. The increase in ME A spending in fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year was driven by the incremental impact of prior year COVID subsidies 2.1 million), increased professional fees 0.7 million), increased salaries and benefits 0.8 million), increased marketing activities 0.9 million), higher travel expense 0.7 million) and increased stock-based compensation 0.6 million). These increases were partially offset by a reduction in the global bonus expense 2.0 million) and a currency exchange driven decrease 1.6 million). 

13

Restructuring of Operations 
 
 During the course of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 the Company incurred 0.2 million and 1.0 million in restructuring charges, respectively. These charges relate to a continued restructuring program at the Company s Belgian operation to focus resources on core manufacturing process, while allowing for savings on the outsourcing of non-core processes. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense of 2.3 million for fiscal 2023 was 0.2 million higher than fiscal 2022 due to an increased average interest rate, partially offset by a lower average balance on the domestic revolver. 
 
 Other Income, Net 
 
 In fiscal 2023, other income, net, of 0.7 million declined by 3.0 million from the prior fiscal year other income, net, of 3.7 million. This change is primarily due to the impact of currency movements related to the euro. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 is 26.2 compared to 14.5 for fiscal 2022. 
 
 The Company maintains valuation allowances when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is required, the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carry-back and carry-forward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. In fiscal 2021, the Company evaluated the likelihood of whether the net domestic deferred tax assets would be realized and concluded that it is more likely than not that all of deferred tax assets would not be realized. Management believes that it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will not generate sufficient taxable income and foreign source income to realize all the domestic deferred tax assets, therefore, a valuation allowance in the amount of 15.9 million, was included in income tax expense (benefit) on the consolidated statement of operations, for fiscal year 2021. In fiscal year 2023 and 2022, the valuation allowance was 22.3 million and 23.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Order Rates 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company s backlog of orders scheduled for shipment during the next six months (six-month backlog) was 119.2 million or approximately 18 higher than the six-month backlog of 101.2 million as of June 30, 2022. The increased backlog is primarily attributable to the improvement in order rates throughout the fiscal year resulting from the global economic recovery following the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Fiscal Years 2023 and 2022 
 
 The net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2023 totaled 22.9 million, an improvement of 31.2 million from the prior fiscal year cash used by operating activities of 8.3 million. The positive operating cash flow was created primarily by a strong earnings result and volume driven increases in current liabilities, only partially offset by an increase to trade receivables and a well-controlled inventory increase despite the volume gains. The Company has begun to make progress on its inventory reduction initiatives, driving a 4.9 million decrease during the second half of fiscal 2023. 
 
 The net cash used by investing activities for fiscal 2023 primarily represents capital spending of 7.9 million, partially offset by the sales of fixed assets totaling 7.2 million. The capital spending amount reflects a return to somewhat normalized capital spending levels, somewhat hampered by extended lead times on equipment resulting from global supply chain challenges. 

14

The net cash used by financing activities relates primarily to repayments of long-term debt 18.2 million), along with payments for withholding taxes on stock compensation 0.5 million), payments on finance lease obligations 0.6 million) and dividends paid to a non-controlling interest 0.2 million). During fiscal 2023, the Company did not purchase any shares as part of its Board-authorized stock repurchase program. The Company has 315,000 shares remaining under its authorized stock repurchase plan. 
 
 Future Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 On June 29, 2018, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with BMO Harris Bank N.A. BMO that provided for the assignment and assumption of the previously existing loans between the Company and Bank of Montreal (the 2016 Credit Agreement and subsequent amendments into a term loan (the Term Loan and revolving credit loans (each a Revolving Loan and, collectively, the Revolving Loans, and, together with the Term Loan, the Loans ). Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, BMO agreed to make the Term Loan to the Company in a principal amount not to exceed 35.0 million and the Company may, from time to time prior to the maturity date, enter into Revolving Loans in amounts not to exceed, in the aggregate, 50.0 million (the Revolving Credit Commitment ), subject to a Borrowing Base based on Eligible Inventory and Eligible Receivables. Subsequent amendments to the Credit Agreement reduced the Term Loan to 20.0 million, extended the maturity date of the Term Loan to March 4, 2026, and require the Company to make principal installment payments on the Term Loan of 0.5 million per quarter. In addition, under subsequent amendments to the Credit Agreement, BMO s Revolving Credit Commitment is currently 40.0 million. The Credit Agreement also allows the Company to obtain Letters of Credit from BMO, which if drawn upon by the beneficiary thereof and paid by BMO, would become Revolving Loans. Under the Credit Agreement, the Company may not pay cash dividends on its common stock in excess of 3.0 million in any fiscal year. The term of the Revolving Loans under the Credit Agreement currently runs through June 30, 2025. 
 
 Under the Credit Agreement as amended, interest rates are based on either the secured overnight financing rate SOFR or the euro interbank offered rate (the EURIBO Rate ). Loans are designated either as SOFR Loans, which accrue interest at an Adjusted Term SOFR plus an Applicable Margin, or Eurodollar Loans, which accrue interest at the EURIBO Rate plus an Applicable Margin. Amounts drawn on a Letter of Credit that are not timely reimbursed to the Bank bear interest at a Base Rate plus an Applicable Margin. The Company also pays a commitment fee on the average daily Unused Revolving Credit Commitment equal to an Applicable Margin. Currently, the Applicable Margins are between 1.25 and 2.75 for Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit; 1.375 and 2.875 for Term Loans; and .10 and .15 for the Unused Revolving Credit Commitment (each depending on the Company s Total Funded Debt to EBITDA ratio). 
 
 The Credit Agreement, as amended, requires the Company to meet certain financial covenants. Specifically, the Company s Total Funded Debt to EBITDA ratio may not exceed 3.50 to 1.00, and the Company s Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio may not be less than 1.10 to 1.00. The Company s Tangible Net Worth may not be less than 100 million plus 50 of positive Net Income for each fiscal year ending on or after June 30, 2023. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the Company s personal property, including accounts receivable, inventory, machinery and equipment, and intellectual property. The Company has also pledged 100 of its equity interests in certain domestic subsidiaries and 65 of its equity interests in certain foreign subsidiaries. The Company also entered into a Collateral Assignment of Rights under Purchase Agreement for its acquisition of Veth Propulsion. To effect these security interests, the Company entered into various amendment and assignment agreements that consent to the assignment of certain agreements previously entered into between the Company and the Bank of Montreal in connection with the 2016 Credit Agreement. The Company also amended and assigned to BMO a Negative Pledge Agreement that it has previously entered into with Bank of Montreal, pursuant to which it agreed not to sell, lease or otherwise encumber real estate that it owns except as permitted by the Credit Agreement and the Negative Pledge Agreement. 
 
 The Company has also entered into a Deposit Account Control Agreement with the Bank, reflecting the Bank s security interest in deposit accounts the Company maintains with the Bank. The Bank may not provide a notice of exclusive control of a deposit account (thereby obtaining exclusive control of the account) prior to the occurrence or existence of a Default or an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement or otherwise upon the occurrence or existence of an event or condition that would, but for the passage of time or the giving of notice, constitute a Default or an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement. 

15

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, BMO may take the following actions upon written notice to the Company: (1) terminate its remaining obligations under the Credit Agreement; (2) declare all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement to be immediately due and payable; and (3) demand the Company to immediately Cash Collateralize L/C Obligations in an amount equal to 105 of the aggregate L/C Obligations or a greater amount if BMO determines a greater amount is necessary. If such Event of Default is due to the Company s bankruptcy, the Bank may take the three actions listed above without notice to the Company. 
 
 The Company s balance sheet remains strong, there are no material off-balance-sheet arrangements, and it continues to have sufficient liquidity for its near-term needs. The Company had approximately 33.0 million of available borrowings under the Credit Agreement as of June 30, 2023. The Company expects to continue to generate enough cash from operations, as well as its credit facilities, to meet its operating and investing needs. As of June 30, 2023, the Company also had cash of 13.3 million, primarily at its overseas operations. These funds, with some restrictions and tax implications, are available for repatriation as deemed necessary by the Company. In fiscal 2024, the Company expects to contribute 0.6 million to its defined benefit pension plans, the minimum contribution required. 
 
 Net working capital decreased 3.8 million, or 3.0 , during fiscal 2023 and the current ratio (calculated as total current assets divided by total current liabilities) decreased from 2.5 at June 30, 2022 to 2.2 at June 30, 2023. The decrease in net working capital was primarily the result of an increase to trade payables 8.0 million) and accrued liabilities 11.0 million) resulting from growing demand and supply chain imbalances. Offsetting these movement were increases to trade receivables 9.3 million - due to increased sales volume in the fourth quarter) and inventory 4.8 million). 
 
 The Company expects capital expenditures to be approximately 9 million - 11 million in fiscal 2024. These anticipated expenditures reflect the Company s plans to invest in modern equipment to drive efficiencies, quality improvements and cost reductions. 
 
 Management believes that available cash, the credit facility, cash generated from future operations, and potential access to debt markets will be adequate to fund the Company s capital requirements for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The Company's significant contractual obligations as of June 30, 2023 are discussed in Note H Lease Obligations in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There are no material undisclosed guarantees. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had no additional material purchase obligations other than those created in the ordinary course of business related to inventory and property, plant and equipment, which generally have terms of less than 90 days. The Company also has long-term obligations related to its postretirement plans which are discussed in detail in Note M Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Postretirement medical claims are paid by the Company as they are submitted, and they are anticipated to be 0.7 million in fiscal 2024 based on actuarial estimates; however, these amounts can vary significantly from year to year because the Company is self-insured. In fiscal 2024, the Company expects to contribute 0.6 million to its defined benefit pension plans, the minimum contribution required. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of this Annual Report requires management s judgment to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. 

16

The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note A, Significant Accounting Policies, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Not all of these significant accounting policies require management to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments or estimates. However, the policies management considers most critical to understanding and evaluating its reported financial results are the following: 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and adjusts credit limits based on payment history and the customer s credit-worthiness as determined by review of current credit information. The Company continuously monitors collections and payments from its customers and maintains a provision for estimated credit losses based upon its historical experience and any specific customer-collection issues. In addition, senior management reviews the accounts receivable aging on a monthly basis to determine if any receivable balances may be uncollectible. Although the Company s accounts receivable are dispersed among a large customer base, a significant change in the liquidity or financial position of any one of its largest customers could have a material adverse impact on the collectability of its accounts receivable and future operating results. 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value (or lower of cost or market where appropriate). Cost has been determined by the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method for the majority of the inventories located in the United States, and by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method for all other inventories. Management specifically identifies obsolete products and analyzes historical usage, forecasted production based on future orders, demand forecasts, and economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of the reserve for excess and obsolete inventory. The adjustments to the reserve are estimates that could vary significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from the actual requirements if future economic conditions, customer demand or competitive conditions differ from expectations. 
 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 
 Assets that will be recovered principally through sale rather than in its continuing use in operations are reclassified out of property, plant and equipment and into assets held for sale if all of the following criteria are met: (a) management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the asset(s); (b) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets; (c) an active program to locate a buyer, and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset have been initiated; (d) the sale of the asset is probable and the transfer of the asset is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within a year; (e) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value; and (f) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that plan will be withdrawn. 
 
 Assets held for sale are carried at fair value less costs to sell, or net book value, whichever is lower. The Company ceases to record depreciation expense at the time of designation as held for sale. 
 
 Long-lived Assets 
 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. When triggering events are identified, the Company performs undiscounted operating cash flow analyses to determine if an impairment exists for property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets, including intangible assets. If an impairment is determined to exist, any related impairment loss is calculated based on fair value. Fair value is primarily determined using discounted cash flow analyses; however, other methods may be used to substantiate the discounted cash flow analyses, including third party valuations when necessary. 

17

Warranty 
 
 The Company engages in extensive product quality programs and processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of its suppliers. However, its warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates, the extent of the market affected by the failure and the expense involved in satisfactorily addressing the situation. The warranty reserve is established based on the Company s best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date. When evaluating the adequacy of the reserve for warranty costs, management takes into consideration the term of the warranty coverage, historical claim rates and costs of repair, knowledge of the type and volume of new products and economic trends. While the Company believes that the warranty reserve is adequate and that the judgment applied is appropriate, such amounts estimated to be due and payable in the future could differ materially from what actually transpires. 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 
 The Company provides a wide range of benefits to employees and retired employees, including pensions and postretirement health care coverage. Plan assets and obligations are recorded annually based on the Company s measurement date utilizing various actuarial assumptions such as discount rates, expected return on plan assets, compensation increases, retirement and mortality tables, and health care cost trend rates as of that date. The approach used to determine the annual assumptions are as follows: 

Discount Rate based on the Willis Towers Watson BOND:Link model at June 30, 2023 as applied to the expected payouts from the pension plans. This yield curve is made up of Corporate Bonds rated AA or better. 

Expected Return on Plan Assets based on the expected long-term average rate of return on assets in the pension funds, which is reflective of the current and projected asset mix of the funds and considers historical returns earned on the funds. 

Compensation Increase reflect the long-term actual experience, the near-term outlook and assumed inflation. 

Retirement and Mortality Rates based upon the Society of Actuaries PRI-2012 base tables for annuitants and non-annuitants, adjusted for generational mortality improvement based on the Society of Actuaries modified MP-2021 projection scale. 

Health Care Cost Trend Rates developed based upon historical cost data, near-term outlook and an assessment of likely long-term trends. 

Measurements of net periodic benefit cost are based on the assumptions used for the previous year-end measurements of assets and obligations. The Company reviews its actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and makes modifications to the assumptions when appropriate. The effects of the modifications are recorded currently or amortized over future periods. Based on information provided by its independent actuaries and other relevant sources, the Company believes that the assumptions used are reasonable; however, changes in these assumptions could impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company voluntarily changed its method of accounting for recognizing actuarial gains and losses for its defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans. Under the accounting method change, accumulated actuarial gains and losses as determined upon the annual remeasurement of projected benefit obligation and plan assets are recognized sooner in earnings through net periodic benefit cost within Other Income (Expense) on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 Income Taxes and Valuation Allowances 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company maintains valuation allowances when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In determining whether a valuation allowance is required, the Company considers such factors as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carry-back and carry-forward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. Based on the above criteria the Company has determined that a full valuation allowance is appropriate as relates to its domestic operations. A full domestic valuation allowance of 22.3 million has been recognized at June 30, 2023. The recognition of a valuation allowance does not affect the availability of the tax credits as the Company realizes earnings. 

18

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 See Note A, Significant Accounting Policies, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 The Company is electing not to provide this disclosure due to its status as a Smaller Reporting Company. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary 
 
 See Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule. 

Item 9. Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Conclusion Regarding Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report and under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company, 

2. 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company, and 

3. 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on financial statements. 

19

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures included in such controls may deteriorate. 
 
 The Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework (2013 edition) in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based upon such evaluation, the Company s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 RSM US LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, there have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 For information with respect to the executive officers of the Registrant, see "Information About Our Executive Officers" at the end of Part I of this report. 
 
 For information with respect to the Directors of the Registrant, see "Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. 
 
 For information with respect to the Company s Code of Ethics, see "Guidelines for Business Conduct and Ethics in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. The Company s Code of Ethics is included on the Company s website, www.twindisc.com. If the Company makes any substantive amendment to the Code of Ethics, or grants a waiver from a provision of the Code of Ethics for its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer (or any person performing similar functions), it intends to disclose the nature of such amendment on its website within four business days of the amendment or waiver in lieu of filing a Form 8-K with the SEC. 
 
 For information with respect to procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors, see Director Committee Functions: Nominating and Governance Committee in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. There were no changes to these procedures since the Company s last disclosure relating to these procedures. 

20

For information with respect to the Audit Committee Financial Expert, see Director Committee Functions: Audit Committee in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. 
 
 For information with respect to the Audit Committee Disclosure, see Director Committee Functions: Audit Committee in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. 
 
 For information with respect to the Audit Committee Membership, see Director Committee Functions: Committee Membership in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. 
 
 For information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, see Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information set forth under the captions "Executive Compensation" and "Director Compensation in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on October 26, 2023, is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 For information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, see the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on October 26, 2023 under the captions "Principal Shareholders and Directors and Executive Officers" and incorporated into this report by reference. 
 
 For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans of the Company, see Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. 
 
 There are no arrangements known to the Registrant, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Registrant. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence 
 
 For information with respect to transactions with related persons and policies for the review, approval or ratification of such transactions, see Corporate Governance Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. 
 
 For information with respect to director independence, see Corporate Governance Board Independence in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023, which is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The Company incorporates by reference the information contained in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 26, 2023 under the headings Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Pre-approval Policies and Procedures. 

21

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a)(1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule, the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and the Consolidated Financial Statements, all of which are incorporated by reference. 
 
 (a)(2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule, and the Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule, all of which are incorporated by reference. 
 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. See Exhibit Index included as the last page of this form, which is incorporated by reference. 

22

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, RSM US LLP, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, PCAOB ID # 24-26 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 27 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 28 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 29 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 30 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 31-64 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 65 

Schedules, other than those listed, are omitted for the reason that they are inapplicable, are not required, or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the related notes. 

23

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Twin Disc, Incorporated 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Twin Disc, Incorporated's (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated September 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting in Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

September 8, 2023 

24

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Twin Disc, Incorporated 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Twin Disc, Incorporated (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and schedule (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated September 8, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note A to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method of accounting for actuarial gains and losses related to its pension and other postretirement benefit plans during the year ended June 30, 2023. The Company adopted this change on a retrospective basis. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 
 As described in Note N to the consolidated financial statements the Company s gross deferred tax asset and valuation allowance was approximately 28,151,000 and 22,345,000 respectively, respectively, as of June 30, 2023. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future income tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s financial statements. Valuation allowances are provided for deferred tax assets where it is considered more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefit of such assets. In evaluating the realizability of deferred tax assets in future periods, the available positive and negative evidence, including projected future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences, history of book losses, tax planning strategies and results of recent operations, are considered. 

25

We identified management s determination of the value of deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter as there is significant judgment required by management to conclude that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized in future periods. In addition, the auditing of these elements involved complex and subjective auditor judgment, including the need to involve personnel with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Our audit procedures to evaluate management s determination that sufficient taxable income will not be generated to realize deferred tax assets included the following, among others: 
 
 We evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over income taxes, specifically, those controls over the evaluation of the realizability of deferred tax assets. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimates in regard to the ability to generate future taxable income and utilize the deferred tax assets by evaluating: (i) the forecast of future taxable income, including testing of management s forecasts against the Company s historical performance, and (ii) testing management s assessment of the timing of future reversals of temporary differences. 

We utilized personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in income taxes and accounting for income taxes under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740 to assist in the evaluation of management s assessment of positive and negative evidence and their conclusion that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 
 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 September 8, 2023 

26

TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

As Adjusted 
 2023 2022 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash 
 Trade accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories 
 Assets held for sale 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Other 
 Total current assets 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use assets operating leases 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Other assets 
 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Current maturities of long-term debt 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 Long-term debt 
 Lease obligations 
 Accrued retirement benefits 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Twin Disc shareholders' equity: 
 Preferred shares authorized: 200,000 ; issued: none ; no par value 
 Common shares authorized: 30,000,000 ; issued: 14,632,802 ; no par value 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 Less treasury stock, at cost 814,734 and 960,459 shares, respectively) 
 
 Total Twin Disc shareholders' equity 
 
 Noncontrolling interest 
 Total equity 
 
 Total liabilities and equity 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

27

TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

As Adjusted 
 2023 2022 
 Net sales 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Gross profit 
 
 Marketing, engineering and administrative expenses 
 Restructuring expenses 
 Other operating income 
 Income from operations 
 
 Other Income (expense): 
 Interest expense 
 Other income, net 
 
 Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest 
 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax 
 Net income attributable to Twin Disc 
 
 Income per share data: 
 Basic income per share attributable to Twin Disc common shareholders 
 Diluted income per share attributable to Twin Disc common shareholders 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding data: 
 Basic shares outstanding 
 Diluted shares outstanding 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 Net income 
 Benefit plan adjustments, net of income taxes of 21 and 7 , respectively 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on hedges, net of income taxes of 0 and 235 , respectively 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Twin Disc 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

28

TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands) 

As Adjusted 
 2023 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Gain on sale of assets 
 Restructuring expenses 
 Provision for deferred income taxes 
 Stock compensation expense 
 Other, net 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
 Trade accounts receivable 
 Inventories 
 Other assets 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Accrued retirement benefits 
 
 Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 Acquisition of property, plant, and equipment 
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
 Proceeds on note receivable 
 Other, net 
 
 Net cash (used) provided by investing activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
 Borrowings under revolving loan arrangements 
 Repayments of revolving loan arrangements 
 Repayments of other long-term debt 
 Payments of finance lease obligations 
 Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest 
 Payments of withholding taxes on stock compensation 
 
 Net cash (used) provided by financing activities 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 Net change in cash 
 
 Cash: 
 Beginning of period 
 
 End of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 
 Cash paid during the year for: 
 Interest 
 Income taxes 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

29

TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands) 

Twin Disc, Inc. Shareholders Equity 
 Accumulated 
 Other Non- 
 Common Retained Comprehensive Treasury Controlling Total 
 Stock Earnings Income (Loss) Stock Interest Equity 
 Balance at June 30, 2021 (As Adjusted) 
 
 Net income 
 Translation adjustments 
 Benefit plan adjustments, net of tax 
 Unrealized loss on hedges, net of tax 
 Cash dividends 
 Compensation expense 
 Stock awards, net of tax 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 (As Adjusted) 
 
 Net income 
 Translation adjustments 
 Benefit plan adjustments, net of tax 
 Unrealized loss on hedges, net of tax 
 Cash dividends 
 Compensation expense 
 Stock awards, net of tax 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

30

TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS AND PER SHARE DATA) 

and in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts for certain customers where a risk of default has been specifically identified as well as provisions determined on a general basis when it is believed that some default is probable and estimable. The assessment of likelihood of customer default is based on a variety of factors, including the length of time the receivables are past due, the historical collection experience and existing economic conditions. Various factors may adversely impact its customer s ability to access sufficient liquidity and capital to fund their operations and render the Company s estimation of customer defaults inherently uncertain. While the Company believes current allowances for doubtful accounts are adequate, it is possible that these factors may cause higher levels of customer defaults and bad debt expense in future periods. 

. During fiscal 2023, the Company classified as and sold certain assets held for sale and recorded a net gain of . See Note P, Restructuring of Operations and Income from Extinguishment of Loan, for additional information. 
 
 to years, and the lives assigned to machinery and equipment range from to years. Upon disposal of property, plant and equipment, the cost of the asset and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. Fully depreciated assets are not removed from the accounts until physically disposed. 

million decrease to retained earnings and a corresponding million increase to Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), both net of tax of million in deferred tax asset offset by million valuation allowance). 
 
 See Notes M and S for further information regarding the impact of the Accounting change on the Company s current and prior consolidated financial statements. 

New Accounting Releases 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance (ASU 2016 - 13 and also issued subsequent amendments to the initial guidance under ASU 2018 - 19, ASU 2019 - 04, ASU 2019 - 05 and ASU 2019 - 10 (collectively ASC 326 ). ASC 326 requires the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost. This replaces the existing incurred loss model with an expected loss model and requires the use of forward-looking information to calculate credit loss estimates. The amendments in this guidance are effective for filers, excluding smaller reporting companies, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and for smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 the Company s fiscal 2024 ), with early adoption permitted for certain amendments. ASC 326 must be adopted by applying a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

Work in process 
 Raw materials 

Inventories stated on a LIFO basis represent approximately and of total inventories at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The approximate current cost of the LIFO inventories exceeded the LIFO cost by and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. LIFO inventories were reduced during 2023, resulting in a liquidation of a LIFO inventory layer that was carried at a lower cost prevailing from a prior year, as compared with current costs in the current year LIFO decrement ). A LIFO decrement results in the erosion of layers created in earlier years, and, therefore, a LIFO layer is not created for years that have decrements. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the effect of this LIFO decrement decreased cost of goods sold by . There was no LIFO decrement for the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 The Company had reserves for inventory obsolescence of and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Buildings 
 Machinery and equipment 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 

Included in the above amounts are finance lease right-of-use assets of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

Addition - 
 Amortization - 
 Translation adjustment - 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 
 Addition - 
 Reduction - 
 Amortization - 
 Translation adjustment - 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

Other intangibles consist mainly of computer software. Amortization is recorded on the basis of straight-line or accelerated, as appropriate, over the estimated useful lives of the assets. 
 
 The weighted average remaining useful life of the intangible assets included in the table above is approximately years. 
 
 Intangible amortization expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. Estimated intangible amortization expense for each of the next five fiscal years is as follows: 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill (impairment charges) are summarized as follows: 

Translation adjustment - 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 
 Translation adjustment - 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

Salaries and wages 
 Warranty 
 Distributor rebates 
 Retirement benefits 
 Other 

months to months. The Company engages in extensive product quality programs and processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of its suppliers. However, its warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates, the number of units affected by the failure and the expense involved in satisfactorily addressing the situation. The warranty reserve is established based on the Company s best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date. When evaluating the adequacy of the reserve for warranty costs, management takes into consideration the term of the warranty coverage, historical claim rates and costs of repair, knowledge of the type and volume of new products and economic trends. While the Company believes that the warranty reserve is adequate and that the judgment applied is appropriate, such amounts estimated to be due and payable in the future could differ materially from what actually transpires. The following is a listing of the activity in the warranty reserve during the years ended June 30: 

Current period expense and adjustments 
 Payments or credits to customers 
 Translation adjustment 
 Reserve balance, June 30 

The current portion of the warranty accrual and for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively) is reflected in accrued liabilities, while the long-term portion and for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively) is included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Term loan (due March 2026) 
 Other 
 Subtotal 
 Less: current maturities 
 Total long-term debt 

Credit Agreement Debt : 
 
 On June 29, 2018, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with BMO Harris Bank N.A. BMO that provided for the assignment and assumption of the previously existing loans between the Company and Bank of Montreal (the 2016 Credit Agreement and subsequent amendments into a term loan (the Term Loan and revolving credit loans (each a Revolving Loan and, collectively, the Revolving Loans, and, together with the Term Loan, the Loans ). Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, BMO agreed to make the Term Loan to the Company in a principal amount not to exceed million and the Company may, from time to time prior to the maturity date, enter into Revolving Loans in amounts not to exceed, in the aggregate, million (the Revolving Credit Commitment ), subject to a Borrowing Base based on Eligible Inventory and Eligible Receivables. Subsequent amendments to the Credit Agreement reduced the Term Loan to million, extended the maturity date of the Term Loan to March 4, 2026, and require the Company to make principal installment payments on the Term Loan of million per quarter. In addition, under subsequent amendments to the Credit Agreement, BMO s Revolving Credit Commitment is currently million. The Credit Agreement also allows the Company to obtain Letters of Credit from BMO, which if drawn upon by the beneficiary thereof and paid by BMO, would become Revolving Loans. Under the Credit Agreement, the Company may not pay cash dividends on its common stock in excess of million in any fiscal year. The term of the Revolving Loans under the Credit Agreement currently runs through June 30, 2025. 
 
 Under the Credit Agreement as amended, interest rates are based on either the secured overnight financing rate SOFR or the euro interbank offered rate (the EURIBO Rate ). Loans are designated either as SOFR Loans, which accrue interest at an Adjusted Term SOFR plus an Applicable Margin, or Eurodollar Loans, which accrue interest at the EURIBO Rate plus an Applicable Margin. Amounts drawn on a Letter of Credit that are not timely reimbursed to the Bank bear interest at a Base Rate plus an Applicable Margin. The Company also pays a commitment fee on the average daily Unused Revolving Credit Commitment equal to an Applicable Margin. Currently, the Applicable Margins are between and for Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit; and for Term Loans; and and for the Unused Revolving Credit Commitment (each depending on the Company s Total Funded Debt to EBITDA ratio). 
 
 The Credit Agreement, as amended, requires the Company to meet certain financial covenants. Specifically, the Company s Total Funded Debt to EBITDA ratio may not exceed to 1.00, and the Company s Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio may not be less than to 1.00. The Company s Tangible Net Worth may not be less than million plus 50 of positive Net Income for each fiscal year ending on or after June 30, 2023. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the Company s personal property, including accounts receivable, inventory, machinery and equipment, and intellectual property. The Company has also pledged of its equity interests in certain domestic subsidiaries and of its equity interests in certain foreign subsidiaries. The Company also entered into a Collateral Assignment of Rights under Purchase Agreement for its acquisition of Veth Propulsion. To effect these security interests, the Company entered into various amendment and assignment agreements that consent to the assignment of certain agreements previously entered into between the Company and the Bank of Montreal in connection with the 2016 Credit Agreement. The Company also amended and assigned to BMO a Negative Pledge Agreement that it has previously entered into with Bank of Montreal, pursuant to which it agreed not to sell, lease or otherwise encumber real estate that it owns except as permitted by the Credit Agreement and the Negative Pledge Agreement. 

The Company has also entered into a Deposit Account Control Agreement with the Bank, reflecting the Bank s security interest in deposit accounts the Company maintains with the Bank. The Bank may not provide a notice of exclusive control of a deposit account (thereby obtaining exclusive control of the account) prior to the occurrence or existence of a Default or an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement or otherwise upon the occurrence or existence of an event or condition that would, but for the passage of time or the giving of notice, constitute a Default or an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, BMO may take the following actions upon written notice to the Company: 1 terminate its remaining obligations under the Credit Agreement; 2 declare all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement to be immediately due and payable; and 3 demand the Company to immediately Cash Collateralize L/C Obligations in an amount equal to of the aggregate L/C Obligations or a greater amount if BMO determines a greater amount is necessary. If such Event of Default is due to the Company s bankruptcy, BMO may take the three actions listed above without notice to the Company. 
 
 The PPP Loan: 
 
 On April 17, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note (the PPP Loan evidencing an unsecured loan in the amount of made to the Company under the Payment Protection Plan ("PPP"). The PPP is a liquidity facility program established by the U.S. government as part of the CARES Act in response to the negative economic impact of the COVID- 19 outbreak. The PPP Loan is funded by the Small Business Administration SBA and administered by BMO. The PPP Loan has a two -year term and bears interest at a rate of 1.0 per annum. Monthly principal and interest payments were deferred until April 2022. 
 
 The PPP Loan is a forgivable loan to the extent proceeds are used to cover qualified documented payroll, mortgage interest, rent, and utility costs over a 24 -week measurement period (as amended) following loan funding. For the loan to be forgiven, the Company was required to formally apply for forgiveness, and potentially, could be required to pass an audit that it met the eligibility qualifications of the loan. 
 
 In accounting for the terms of the PPP Loan, the Company is guided by ASC 470 Debt , and ASC 450 - 30 Gain contingency . Accordingly, it recorded the proceeds of the PPP Loan of 8,200 as debt and derecognized the liability when the loan was forgiven. The Company believed that the possibility of loan forgiveness was to be regarded as a contingent gain and therefore did not recognize the gain (and derecognize the loan) until all uncertainty was removed (i.e., all conditions for forgiveness are met). The Company applied for forgiveness, and on June 16, 2021, it was notified by BMO that the SBA remitted funds to BMO to repay the PPP Loan in full, evidencing that the PPP Loan was fully forgiven. The Company removed the balance of the PPP Loan from its consolidated balance sheet and recorded in income from extinguishment of loan in its consolidated statement of operations in fiscal 2021. 
 
 While the loan has been formally forgiven, under the terms of the PPP Loan, the Company remains subject to an audit by the SBA for a period of six years after forgiveness. The audit is intended to confirm the Company s eligibility for the PPP loan and the appropriateness of the PPP loan forgiveness. In accordance with ASC 450 Contingencies , the Company assessed the probability of failing the audit and being required to repay all or any portion of the PPP Loan. The Company is aware of the requirements and has retained all necessary documentation in support of its eligibility, including gross receipts calculations, supporting payroll expenses and related information. The Company believes that it has materially complied with all the requirements of the PPP and reasonably assured it would satisfy the requirements of an audit. 
 
 Other: 
 
 Other long-term debt pertains mainly to a financing arrangement in Europe. During fiscal 2019, the Company entered into sale leaseback agreements with a leasing company covering various company vehicles. Under the terms of the agreements, the Company received in cash proceeds and agreed to lease back those same vehicles under various terms, ranging from 3 to 5 years. Under ASC 842, Leases , these agreements are required to be accounted for as financing transactions. Consequently, the Company recorded long-term liabilities for the proceeds received, and they are reduced as lease payments are made. These liabilities carry implied interest rates ranging from to . A total amount of in principal was paid on these liabilities during the current fiscal year. 

During fiscal year 2023, the average interest rate was on the Term Loan, and on the Revolving Loans. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company s borrowing capacity under the terms of the Credit Agreement was approximately and the Company had approximately of available borrowings. 
 
 The Company s borrowings described above approximates fair value at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, long-term debt (including the current portion) would be classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The Company is party to an interest rate swap arrangement with Bank of Montreal, with an outstanding notional amount of as of June 30, 2023, and maturing on March 2026. This swap has been designated as a cash flow hedge under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . This swap is included in the disclosures in Note R, Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company designated its euro denominated Revolving Loan as a net investment hedge to mitigate the risk of variability in its euro denominated net investments in wholly-owned foreign companies. Effective upon the designation, all changes in fair value of the euro Revolving Loan are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) along with the foreign currency translation adjustments on those foreign investments. This net investment hedge is included in the disclosures in Note R, Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 The aggregate scheduled maturities of outstanding long-term debt obligations in subsequent years are as follows: 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 

Other lines of credit: 
 
 The Company has established unsecured lines of credit, which may be withdrawn at the option of the banks. Under these arrangements, the Company has unused and available credit lines of with a weighted average interest rate of as of June 30, 2023, and with a weighted average interest rate of as of June 30, 2022. 

Finance lease right-of-use assets Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Lease Liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities Accrued liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities Lease obligations 
 Finance lease liabilities Accrued liabilities 
 Finance lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities 

The components of lease expense for the years ended June 30 were as follows: 

Interest on lease liabilities 
 Operating lease cost 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Variable lease cost 
 Total lease cost 
 Less: Sublease income 
 Net lease cost 

Other information related to leases was as follows: 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 Right-of-use-assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (years): 
 Operating leases 
 Finance lease 11.3 
 Weighted average discount rate: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

Approximate future minimum rental commitments under non-cancellable leases as of June 30, 2023 were as follows: 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 
 Total future lease payments 
 Less: Amount representing interest 
 Present value of future payments 

and , respectively. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, treasury stock consisted of and shares of common stock, respectively. The Company issued and shares of treasury stock in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, to fulfill its obligations under its incentive compensation plans. The Company also recorded forfeitures of 0 and shares of previously issued restricted stock in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. The difference between the cost of treasury shares and the option price is recorded in common stock. 
 
 Under an authorization given by the Board of Directors on July 27, 2012, the Company is permitted to make open market purchases of its common stock. The Company did not make any open market purchases during the two most recent fiscal years. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, shares remain authorized for purchase. 
 
 Cash dividends per share were in both fiscal 2023 and 2022. 

The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, of which have been issued. The Company has designated shares of the preferred stock as Series A Junior Preferred Stock. 

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss included in equity as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 
 Benefit plan adjustments, net of income taxes of 133 and 112 respectively 
 Net loss on cash flow hedge derivatives, net of income taxes of 210 and 208 ), respectively 
 Net gain on net investment hedge derivatives, net of income taxes of 103 and 103 , respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

A reconciliation for the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, by component for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 is as follows: 
 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 
 Plan merger remeasurement adjustment 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Net current period other comprehensive income 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Net current period other comprehensive income 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 

A reconciliation for the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for the year ended June 30, 2023 is as follows: 

Transition asset and prior service benefit 
 Plan merger remeasurement adjustment 
 Mark-to-market adjustment 
 Translation 
 Total amortization 
 Income taxes 
 Total changes, net of tax 

A reconciliation for the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for the year ended June 30, 2022 is as follows: 
 Transition asset and prior service benefit 
 Total before tax benefit 
 Tax benefit 
 Total reclassification net of tax 

Land-based transmissions 
 Marine and propulsion systems 
 Other 
 Total 

Industrial products include clutches, power take-offs and pump drives sold to the agriculture, recycling, construction and oil and gas markets. The land-based transmission products include applications for oil field and natural gas, military and airport rescue and firefighting. The marine and propulsion systems include marine transmission, azimuth drives, controls, surface drives, propellers and boat management systems for the global commercial marine, pleasure craft and patrol boat markets. Other includes non-Twin Disc manufactured product sold through Company-owned distribution entities. 
 
 The Company has two reportable segments: manufacturing and distribution. Its segment structure reflects the way management makes operating decisions and manages the growth and profitability of the business. It also corresponds with management s approach of allocating resources and assessing the performance of its segments. The accounting practices of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Transfers among segments are at established inter-company selling prices. Management evaluates the performance of its segments based on net earnings. 

Information about the Company's segments, before intercompany eliminations, is summarized as follows: 

Intra-segment sales 
 Inter-segment sales 
 Interest income 
 Interest expense 
 Income taxes 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Net income attributable to Twin Disc 
 Assets 
 Expenditures for segment assets 

Intra-segment sales 
 Inter-segment sales 
 Interest income 
 Interest expense 
 Income taxes 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Net income attributable to Twin Disc 
 Assets 
 Expenditures for segment assets 

The following is a reconciliation of reportable segment net sales and net income (loss) to the Company s consolidated totals: 

Elimination of inter-company sales 
 Total consolidated net sales 

Other adjustments and corporate expenses 
 Total consolidated net income attributable to Twin Disc 

Corporate expenses pertain to certain costs that are not allocated to the reportable segments, primarily consisting of corporate overhead costs, including administrative functions and global functional expenses. 
 
 Other significant items: 

Interest expense 
 Income taxes 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Assets 
 Expenditures for segment assets 
 
 2022 
 Interest income 
 Interest expense 
 Income taxes 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Assets 
 Expenditures for segment assets 

All adjustments represent inter-company eliminations and corporate amounts. 

Geographic information about the Company is summarized as follows: 

Netherlands 
 China 
 Australia 
 Italy 
 Other countries 
 Total 

Net sales by geographic region are based on product shipment destination. 
 
 Long-lived assets primarily pertain to property, plant and equipment and exclude goodwill, other intangibles, and deferred income taxes. They are summarized as follows: 

Netherlands 
 Belgium 
 Italy 
 Switzerland 
 Other countries 
 Total 

There was customer, an authorized distributor of the Company, that accounted for of consolidated net sales in fiscal year 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Disaggregated revenue: 
 
 The following tables present details deemed most relevant to the users of the financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 
 
 Net sales by product group for the year ended June 30, 2023 is summarized as follows: 

Land-based transmissions 
 Marine and propulsion systems 
 Other 
 Total 

Net sales by product group for the year ended June 30, 2022 is summarized as follows: 

Land-based transmissions 
 Marine and propulsion systems 
 Other 
 Total 

shares of the Company s common stock, which may be authorized and unissued shares or shares reacquired by the Company in the open market or a combination of both. The aggregate amount is subject to proportionate adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits and similar changes. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, the Company adopted the Twin Disc, Incorporated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the 2020 Directors' Plan a plan to grant non-employee directors equity-based awards. Benefits under the 2020 Directors Plan may be granted, awarded or paid in any one or a combination of stock options, restricted stock awards, or cash-settled restricted stock units. Under the 2020 Directors Plan, non-employee directors may elect to receive all or a portion of their base cash retainer in the form of restricted stock. There is reserved for issuance under the 2020 Directors Plan an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock, which may be authorized and unissued shares or shares reacquired by the Company in the open market or a combination of both. The aggregate amount is subject to proportionate adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits and similar changes. 
 
 In fiscal 2019, the Company adopted the Twin Disc, Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2018 LTI Plan ). Benefits under the 2018 LTI Plan may be granted, awarded or paid in any one or a combination of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, cash-settled restricted stock units, performance stock awards, performance stock unit awards, performance unit awards, and dividend equivalent awards. There is reserved for issuance under the Plan an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, which may be authorized and unissued shares or shares reacquired by the Company in the open market or a combination of both. The aggregate amount is subject to proportionate adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits and similar changes. 
 
 Shares available for future awards as of June 30 were as follows (assuming that outstanding performance awards are issued at the target level of performance): 

2021 LTI Plan 

Performance Stock Awards PSA 
 
 In fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company granted a target number of and PSAs, respectively, to various employees of the Company, including executive officers. 
 
 The PSAs granted in fiscal 2023 will vest if the Company achieves performance-based target objectives relating to average return on invested capital and cumulative EBITDA (as defined in the PSA Grant Agreement), in the cumulative three fiscal year period ending June 30, 2025. These PSAs are subject to adjustment if the Company s return on invested capital and cumulative EBITDA falls below or exceeds the specified target objective, and the maximum number of performance shares that can be awarded if the target objective is exceeded is . Based upon actual results to date, the Company is currently accruing compensation expense for these PSAs. 
 
 The PSAs granted in fiscal 2022 will vest if the Company achieves performance-based target objectives relating to average return on invested capital, average annual sales and average annual earnings per share EPS or average free cashflow (as defined in the PSA Grant Agreement), in the cumulative three fiscal year period ending June 30, 2024. These PSAs are subject to adjustment if the Company s return on invested capital, net sales, and EPS or average free cashflow for the period falls below or exceeds the specified target objective, and the maximum number of performance shares that can be awarded if the target objective is exceeded is . Based upon actual results to date, the Company is currently accruing compensation expense for these PSAs. 

There were and unvested PSAs outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The fair value of the PSAs (on the date of grant) is expensed over the performance period for the shares that are expected to ultimately vest. The compensation expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, related PSAs, was and , respectively. The tax expense from compensation expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, related to PSAs, was and , respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of the unvested awards at June 30, 2023 was . At June 30, 2023, the Company had of unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested shares that would vest if the specified target objective was achieved for the fiscal 2023 and 2022 awards. The total fair value of performance stock awards vested in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 was . 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards RS 
 
 The Company has unvested RS outstanding that will vest if certain service conditions are fulfilled. The fair value of the RS grants is recorded as compensation over the vesting period, which is generally 1 to 3 years. During fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company granted and service-based restricted shares, respectively, to employees and non-employee directors in each year. A total of and shares of restricted stock were forfeited during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were and unvested shares outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Compensation expense of and was recognized during the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to these service-based awards. The tax benefit from compensation expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, related to these service-based awards, was and , respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock grants vested in fiscal 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had of unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock which will be recognized over the next three years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Awards RSU 
 
 In fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company granted and RSUs, respectively, to various employees of the Company, including executive officers. 
 
 The RSUs granted in fiscal 2022 will vest if the employee remains employed by the Company through a specified date from the date of grant. The fair value of the RSUs (on the date of grant) is recorded as compensation expense over the vesting period. 
 
 The RSUs granted in fiscal 2023 will vest if the employee remains employed by the Company through June 30, 2025 and if the Company achieves performance-based target objectives relating to average return on invested capital and cumulative EBITDA (as defined in the RSU Grant Agreement), in the cumulative three fiscal year period ending June 30, 2025. These RSUs are subject to adjustment if the Company s return on invested capital and cumulative EBITDA falls below or exceeds the specified target objective, and the maximum number of shares that can be earned if the target objective is exceeded is . Based upon actual results to date, the Company is currently accruing compensation expense for these RSUs. 
 
 There were and unvested RSUs outstanding at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Compensation expense of and was recognized during the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The tax benefit from compensation expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, related to these service-based awards, was and , respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of the unvested awards at June 30, 2023 was . As of June 30, 2023, the Company had of unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs which will be recognized over the next year. 

and in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Total engineering and development costs were and in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are primarily recorded within Marketing, engineering and administration expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

million to a measured amount of million. Lower future administrative costs are expected to be favorable to the net liability in subsequent measurements. The Company's funding policy for the plans covering domestic employees is to contribute an actuarially determined amount which falls between the minimum required contribution and maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 In addition, the Company has unfunded, non-qualified retirement plans for certain management employees and Directors. In the case of management employees, benefits are based on an annual credit to a bookkeeping account, intended to restore the benefits that would have been earned under the qualified plans, but for the earnings limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. In the case of Directors, benefits are based on years of service on the Board. All benefits vest upon retirement from the Company. 
 
 In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company provides other postretirement benefits, including healthcare and life insurance benefits for certain domestic retirees. All employees retiring after December 31, 1992, and electing to continue healthcare coverage through the Company's group plan, are required to pay of the premium cost. 
 
 The measurement date for the Company s pension and postretirement benefit plans in fiscal 2023 and 2022 was June 30. 
 
 As discussed in Note A, during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company changed its accounting method related to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses for its pension and postretirement benefit plans. Under the new method, actuarial gains and losses are recognized in net periodic benefit costs upon annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement. These changes have been applied retrospectively to prior years presented below. See Notes A and S for further information regarding the impact of the change in accounting principle on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The (income) cost to the Company of its retirement benefit plans is shown in the following table: 

Interest cost 
 Prior service cost 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 Amortization of transition obligation 
 Amortization of prior service cost 
 Amortization of actuarial net loss 
 Mark-to-market effect 
 Other 
 Net periodic benefit (income) cost 

Obligations and Funded Status 
 
 The following table sets forth the Company's defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans funded status and the amounts recognized in the Company's balance sheets and statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) as of June 30: 

Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Prior service cost 
 Actuarial (gain) loss 
 Contributions by plan participants 
 Benefits paid 
 Benefit obligation, end of year 
 
 Change in plan assets: 
 Fair value of assets, beginning of year 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 Employer contribution 
 Contributions by plan participants 
 Benefits paid 
 Fair value of assets, end of year 
 
 Funded status 
 
 Amounts recognized in the balance sheet consist of: 
 Other assets - noncurrent 
 Accrued liabilities - current 
 Accrued retirement benefits - noncurrent 
 Net amount recognized 

Prior service (benefit) cost 
 Actuarial net loss (income) 
 Net amount recognized 

The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss that are expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost during the next fiscal year for the qualified defined benefit and other postretirement benefit plans are as follows: 

Prior service cost (benefit) 
 Actuarial net loss (income) 
 Net amount to be recognized 

The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was approximately and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets : 

Fair value of plan assets 

Components of Net Periodic Benefit (Income) Cost: 

Interest cost 
 Prior service cost 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 Amortization of transition obligation 
 Amortization of prior service cost 
 Amortization of actuarial net loss 
 Mark-to-market effect 
 Other 
 Net periodic benefit (income) cost 

Interest cost 
 Amortization of prior service cost 
 
 Net periodic benefit (income) cost 

Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss for Fiscal 2023 (Pre-tax): 
 Amortization of transition asset 
 Amortization of prior service cost 
 Amortization of net (income) loss # 
 Total recognized in other comprehensive income 
 Net periodic benefit (income) cost 
 Total recognized in net periodic benefit (income) cost and other comprehensive income 

Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss for Fiscal 2022 (Pre-tax): 

Amortization of transition asset 
 Amortization of prior service cost 
 Amortization of net loss 
 Total recognized in other comprehensive loss (income) 
 Net periodic benefit (income) cost 
 Total recognized in net periodic benefit (income) cost and other comprehensive loss (income) 

Additional Information 
 
 Assumptions 

Expected return on plan assets 

Expected return on plan assets 

The assumed weighted-average healthcare cost trend rate was in 2023, grading down to in 2025. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 The Company s Benefits Committee Committee ), a non-board management committee, oversees investment matters related to the Company s funded benefit plans. The Committee works with external actuaries and investment consultants on an ongoing basis to establish and monitor investment strategies and target asset allocations. The overall objective of the Committee s investment strategy is to earn a rate of return over time to satisfy the benefit obligations of the pension plans and to maintain sufficient liquidity to pay benefits and address other cash requirements of the pension plans. The Committee has established an Investment Policy Statement which provides written documentation of the Company s expectations regarding its investment programs for the pension plans, establishes objectives and guidelines for the investment of the plan assets consistent with the Company s financial and benefit-related goals, and outlines criteria and procedures for the ongoing evaluation of the investment program. The Company employs a total return on investment approach whereby a mix of investments among several asset classes are used to maximize long-term return of plan assets while avoiding excessive risk. Investment risk is measured and monitored on an ongoing basis through quarterly investment portfolio reviews, and annual liability measurements. 
 
 The Company s pension plan weighted-average asset allocations at June 30, 2023 and 2022 by asset category were as follows (based on the fair value of level 1 assets and Net Asset Value): 

Debt securities 
 Real estate 

Due to market conditions and other factors, actual asset allocation may vary from the target allocation outlined above. The U.S. pension plans held shares of Company stock with a fair market value of of total plan assets) at June 30, 2023 and shares with a fair market value of of total plan assets) at June 30, 2022. 
 
 The U.S. plans have a long-term return assumption of . This rate was derived based upon historical experience and forward-looking return expectations for major asset class categories. 

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The inputs used to measure fair value are classified into the following hierarchy: 
 
 Level I Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments 
 Level II Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments, or 
 Unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, or 
 Other inputs that are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data 
 Level III Use of one or more significant unobservable inputs 

The following table presents plan assets using the fair value hierarchy as of June 30, 2023: 

Equity securities: 
 Company common stock (a) 
 Common stock (a) 
 Mutual funds (b) 
 Annuity contracts (c) 
 Total 
 Investments Measured at Net Asset Value (d) 
 Total 

The following table presents plan assets using the fair value hierarchy as of June 30, 2022: 

Equity securities: 
 Company common stock (a) 
 Common stock (a) 
 Mutual funds (b) 
 Annuity contracts (c) 
 Total 
 Investments Measured at Net Asset Value (d) 
 Total 

(a) Common stock is valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. These securities include U.S. equity securities invested in companies that are traded on exchanges inside the U.S. and international equity securities invested in companies that are traded on exchanges outside the U.S. 
 
 (b) Mutual funds are valued at the daily closing price as reported by the fund. Mutual funds held by the Company s funded benefit plans are open-end mutual funds that are registered with the Securities Exchange Commission. These funds are required to publish their daily net asset value NAV and to transact at that price. The mutual funds held by the Company s funded benefit plans are deemed to be actively traded. 
 
 (c) Annuity contracts represent contractual agreements in which payments are made to an insurance company, which agrees to pay out an income or lump sum amount at a later date. Annuity contracts are valued at fair value using the net present value of future cash flows. 
 
 (d) In accordance with ASC 820 - 10, certain investments that were measured at net asset value per share (or its equivalent) have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the fair value of plan assets at the end of the year. 

The following table sets forth additional disclosures for the fair value measurement of the fair value of pension plan assets that calculate fair value based on NAV per share practical expedient as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 

International equity securities 
 Real estate 
 Hedged equity mutual funds 
 Total 

The following tables present a reconciliation of the fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level III) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Actual return on plan assets: 
 Relating to assets still held at reporting date 
 Purchases, sales and settlements, net 
 Ending balance 

Cash Flows 
 
 Contributions 
 
 The Company expects to contribute to its defined benefit pension plans in fiscal 2024. 
 
 The Company expects to contribute to its other postretirement benefit plans in fiscal 2024. 

Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
 The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Years 2028 - 2031 

The Company does not expect to make any Part D reimbursements for the periods presented. 
 
 The Company sponsors defined contribution plans covering substantially all domestic employees and certain foreign employees. These plans provide for employer contributions based primarily on employee participation. The total expense under the plans was and in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Foreign 

The provision (benefit) for income taxes is comprised of the following: 

State 
 Foreign 
 
 Deferred: 
 Federal 
 State 
 Foreign 

The components of the net deferred tax asset as of June 30 are summarized in the table below. 

Foreign tax credit carryforwards 
 Federal tax credits, net of ASU 2013-11 
 State net operating loss and other state credit carryforwards, net of ASU 2013-11 
 Federal net operating loss 
 Reserves 
 R E Capitalization 
 Accruals 
 Right of use assets - operating leases 
 Disallowed interest 
 Capital loss carryforward 
 Translation adjustment 
 Other assets 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Retirement plans and employee benefits 
 Inventory 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 Intangibles 
 Long term operating lease obligations 
 Hedge 
 Other liabilities 
 
 Total net deferred tax liabilities 

At June 30, 2023 the Company has net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of approximately and for federal and state income tax purposes which will expire at various dates from fiscal year 2024 2043. Federal NOLs of were generated subsequent to fiscal 2019 and have an indefinite carryover period. The Company has federal and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately and , respectively, which will expire at various dates from fiscal 2027 2043. 

The Company maintains valuation allowances when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is required, the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carry-back and carry-forward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. The Company has evaluated the likelihood of whether the net deferred tax assets would be realized and concluded that it is more likely than not that all of deferred tax assets would not be realized. Management believes that it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will not generate sufficient taxable income and foreign source income to realize all the domestic deferred tax assets, therefore, a valuation allowance in the amount of and have been recorded for fiscal year 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Following is a reconciliation of the applicable U.S. federal income taxes to the actual income taxes reflected in the statements of operations: 

Increases (reductions) in tax resulting from: 
 Foreign rate differences 
 U.S. inclusion of foreign tax items 
 Foreign permanent differences 
 Foreign prior period adjustments 
 Foreign other 
 State taxes 
 Change in prior year estimate 
 Research and development tax credits 
 Unrecognized tax benefits 
 Stock compensation 
 Rate changes 
 Deferred tax basis adjustments 
 Executive compensation 
 GILTI inclusion 
 Valuation allowance 
 Other, net 

Executive Compensation Limitations: IRC Section 162 (m) limits the deduction for compensation paid by a publicly held corporation to certain of its executive employees to 1,000 per year. The definition of covered employee includes the Company s named executive officers. These are the corporation s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and the next three highest-paid executive officers. Prior exemptions for commissions and performance-based compensation were eliminated under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA ). This item had an impact on the Company s effective tax rate in fiscal years 2023 and 2022 of and respectively. 
 
 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income GILTI ): The GILTI requires 10 domestic shareholders (US Shareholders) of controlled foreign corporations (CFC s) to include in gross income annually the U.S. Shareholders pro rata share of GILTI for the year. The High Tax Exception (HTE) rules were finalized and applicable for the company during fiscal year 2021. Accordingly, the company may exclude from the GILTI inclusion tested income from tested units with an effective tax rate greater than . The impact to the company s financial statements in fiscal years 2023 and 2022 was and respectively. 
 
 Foreign Derived Intangible Income FDII ): The TCJA provides companies with a new permanent deduction. An incentive for C corporations to generate revenue from serving foreign markets, the provision applies a preferential tax rate to eligible income. The new tax law assumes a fixed rate of return on a corporation s tangible assets. Any remaining income is deemed to be generated by intangible assets. This did not have an impact on the Company s effective tax rate in fiscal year 2023 and 2022. 
 
 The Company has not provided additional U.S. income taxes on cumulative earnings of its consolidated foreign subsidiaries that are considered to be reinvested indefinitely. The Company reaffirms its position that the earnings of those subsidiaries remain permanently invested and has no plans to repatriate funds from any permanently reinvested subsidiaries to the U.S. for the foreseeable future. These earnings relate to ongoing operations and were approximately and at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Such earnings could become taxable upon the sale or liquidation of these foreign subsidiaries or upon dividend repatriation. The Company s intent is for such earnings to be reinvested by the subsidiaries or to be repatriated only when it would be tax effective through the utilization of foreign tax credits. 

Annually, the Company files income tax returns in various taxing jurisdictions inside and outside the United States. In general, the tax years that remain subject to examination are 2018 through 2023 for our major operations in Belgium, Japan, Netherlands, Singapore and Australia. The tax years open to examination in the U.S. are for years subsequent to fiscal 2018. 
 
 The Company has approximately and of unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 respectively, which, if recognized would impact the effective tax rate. During the fiscal year the amount of unrecognized tax benefits decreased primarily due to settlements with tax authorities. No material changes are expected to the reserve during the next 12 months. The Company s policy is to accrue interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 
 Below is a reconciliation of beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30: 

Additions based on tax positions related to the prior year 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
 Reductions based on tax positions related to the prior year 
 Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 

Substantially all of the Company s unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 3023, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the amounts accrued for interest and penalties totaled and , respectively, and are not included in the reconciliation above. 

, pertaining to the Company s estimate for the payment of severance benefits, which was substantially completed at June 2023. The action was taken to allow the Belgian operation to focus resources on core manufacturing processes, while allowing for savings on the outsourcing of non-core processes. 
 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company and the union representing certain of the employees affected by the restructuring of the Belgian operation came to an agreement on a final settlement amount of . The Company recorded the additional in restructuring charges during the second quarter of fiscal 2022. 

Total restructuring charges relating to streamlining operations amounted to and in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Restructuring activities since June 2015 have resulted in the elimination of full-time employees in the manufacturing segment. Accumulated costs to date under these programs within the manufacturing segment through June 30, 2023 were . 
 
 The following is a roll-forward of restructuring activity: 

Additions 
 Payments and adjustments 
 Accrued restructuring liability, June 30, 2022 
 Additions 
 Payments and adjustments 
 Accrued restructuring liability, June 30, 2023 

Assets held for sale 
 
 To improve its fixed cost structure and monetize some of its under-utilized assets, the Company commenced the active marketing of several of its real estate properties, namely, its corporate headquarters in Racine, its propeller machining plant and office in Switzerland, and a spare warehouse in Italy during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 . Such actions required the Company to reclassify these assets from Property, Plant and Equipment to Assets Held for Sale, at fair value less costs to sell, or net book value, whichever is lower. Fair value was determined using real estate broker estimates and would be classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. This assessment of fair value resulted in the Company recognizing a write-down of the carrying value of its corporate headquarters by in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company completed the sale of its propeller machining plant and office in Switzerland and received in proceeds, net of fees and local taxes and recorded a gain of in other operating income. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 , the Company completed the sale of its spare warehouse in Italy and received net proceeds of approximately . 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company commenced the active marketing of an additional real estate property located in Nivelles, Belgium. This action required the Company to reclassify these assets from Property, Plant, and Equipment to Assets Held for Sale, at fair value less costs to sell or net book value, whichever is lower. Fair value was determined using real estate broker estimates and would be classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The real estate property's fair value less costs to sell exceeded its net book value. The Company reclassified the property's net book value of from Property, Plant, and Equipment to Assets Held for Sale. 
 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company completed the sale of the real estate property located in Belgium and received in proceeds, net of fees and recorded a gain of in other operating income. 

The components of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows: 

Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 Less: Undistributed earnings attributable to unvested shares 
 Net income attributable to Twin Disc 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 
 
 Basic Loss Per Share: 
 Net income per share - basic 
 
 Diluted: 
 Net income 
 Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 Less: Undistributed earnings attributable to unvested shares 
 Net income attributable to Twin Disc 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 
 Effect of dilutive stock awards 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 
 
 Diluted Loss Per Share: 
 Net income per share - diluted 

As discussed in Note A, during the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company changed its accounting method related to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses for its pension plans. Under the new method, actuarial gains and losses are recognized in net periodic benefit costs upon annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement. These changes have been applied retrospectively to prior years. See Notes A, M and S for further information regarding the impact of the change in accounting principle on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Net unrealized after-tax losses related to cash flow hedging activities that were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss were and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The unrealized amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss will fluctuate based on changes in the fair value of open contracts during each reporting period. 
 
 The Company estimates that of net unrealized losses related to cash flow hedging activities included in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be reclassified into earnings within the next twelve months. 
 
 Derivatives Designated as Net Investment Hedges 
 
 The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk related to its investment in net assets in foreign countries. As discussed in Note G, Debt, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company designated its euro denominated Revolving Loan, with a notional amount of 13,500, as a net investment hedge to mitigate the risk of variability in its euro denominated net investments in wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries. All changes in fair value of the euro revolver were then reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss along with the foreign currency translation adjustments on those foreign investments. Net unrealized after-tax income related to net investment hedging activities that were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss were and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Not Designated as Hedges 
 
 The Company primarily enters into forward exchange contracts to reduce the earnings and cash flow impact of non-functional currency denominated receivables and payables. These contracts are highly effective in hedging the cash flows attributable to changes in currency exchange rates. Gains and losses resulting from these contracts offset the foreign exchange gains or losses on the underlying assets and liabilities being hedged. The maturities of the forward exchange contracts generally coincide with the settlement dates of the related transactions. Gains and losses on these contracts are recorded in other expense, net in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) as the changes in the fair value of the contracts are recognized and generally offset the gains and losses on the hedged items in the same period. The primary currency to which the Company was exposed in fiscal 2023 and 2022 was the euro. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were no significant forward exchange contracts outstanding. 
 
 Other Derivative Instruments 
 
 The Company does not utilize commodity price hedges to manage commodity price risk exposure. Likewise, the Company does not hedge the translation exposure represented by the net assets of its foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
 
 The Company s interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward contracts are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets using a discounted cash flow analysis that incorporates observable market inputs. These market inputs include foreign currency spot and forward rates, and various interest rate curves, and are obtained from pricing data quoted by various banks, third -party sources and foreign currency dealers involving identical or comparable instruments (Level 2 ). 
 
 Counterparties to these foreign currency forward contracts have at least an investment grade rating. Credit ratings on some of the Company s counterparties may change during the term of the financial instruments. The Company closely monitors its counterparties credit ratings and, if necessary, will make any appropriate changes to its financial instruments. The fair value generally reflects the estimated amounts that the Company would receive or pay to terminate the contracts at the reporting date. 
 
 As discussed in Note G, Debt, the Company's euro denominated Revolving Loan approximates fair value at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, it would be classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

The fair value of derivative instruments included in the consolidated balance sheets at June 30 were as follows: 

Interest rate swaps Other noncurrent assets 
 Interest rate swaps Accrued liabilities 
 Interest rate swaps Other long-term liabilities 

The impact of the Company s derivative instruments on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended June 30 was as follows: 

Interest rate swap Unrealized gain on hedges 
 Net investment hedge Unrealized (loss) gain on hedges 
 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges: 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Other income (expense), net 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATION AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Cost of goods sold 
 Gross profit 
 
 Marketing, engineering and administrative expenses 
 Restructuring expenses 
 Other operating income 
 Income from operations 
 
 Other Income (expense): 
 Interest expense 
 Other income, net 
 
 Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest 
 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax 
 Net income attributable to Twin Disc 
 
 Income per share data: 
 Basic income per share attributable to Twin Disc common shareholders 
 Diluted income per share attributable to Twin Disc common shareholders 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding data: 
 Basic shares outstanding 
 Diluted shares outstanding 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 Net income 
 Benefit plan adjustments, net of income taxes of 21 and 7 , respectively 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on hedges, net of income taxes of 0 and 235 , respectively 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Twin Disc 

CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 

Trade accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories 
 Assets held for sale 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Other 
 Total current assets 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use assets operating leases 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Other assets 
 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Current maturities of long-term debt 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 Long-term debt 
 Lease obligations 
 Accrued retirement benefits 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Twin Disc shareholders' equity: 
 Preferred shares authorized: 200,000 ; issued: none ; no par value 
 Common shares authorized: 30,000,000 ; issued: 14,632,802 ; no par value 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 Less treasury stock, at cost 814,734 and 960,459 shares, respectively) 
 
 Total Twin Disc shareholders' equity 
 
 Noncontrolling interest 
 Total equity 
 
 Total liabilities and equity 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Gain on sale of assets 
 Restructuring expenses 
 Provision for deferred income taxes 
 Stock compensation expense 
 Other, net 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities - 
 Trade accounts receivable 
 Inventories 
 Other assets 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Accrued retirement benefits 
 
 Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 Acquisition of property, plant, and equipment 
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
 Proceeds on note receivable 
 Other, net 
 
 Net cash (used) provided by investing activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
 Borrowings under revolving loan arrangements 
 Repayments of revolving loan arrangements 
 Repayments of other long-term debt 
 Payments of finance lease obligations 
 Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest 
 Payments of withholding taxes on stock compensation 
 
 Net cash (used) provided by financing activities 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 Net change in cash 
 
 Cash: 
 Beginning of period 
 
 End of period 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

Net income attributable to Twin Disc 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Balance at June 30, 2021 
 Translation adjustments 
 Benefit plan adjustments, net of tax 
 Unrealized loss on hedges, net of tax 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 

Reserve for inventory obsolescence 
 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance 
 
 2022: 
 Allowance for losses on accounts receivable 
 
 Reserve for inventory obsolescence 
 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance 

1 Activity primarily represents amounts written-off during the year, along with other adjustments (primarily foreign currency translation adjustments). 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED 
 10-K for Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 Included Herewith 

3a) 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Twin Disc, Incorporated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 8 K dated December 6, 2007). File No. 001-07635. 

3b) 
 Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of Twin Disc, Incorporated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 8 K dated October 29, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

3c) 
 Restated Bylaws of Twin Disc, Incorporated, as amended through October 29, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company's Form 8 K dated October 29, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

Exhibit 10 
 Material Contracts 
 Included Herewith 

a) 
 Director Tenure and Retirement Policy (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.A of the Company s Form 10-K dated September 2, 2021). File No. 001-07635. 

b) 
 The Twin Disc, Incorporated 2021 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on October 28, 2021). File No. 001-07635. 

c) 
 The 2020 Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on October 29, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

d) 
 The Twin Disc, Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 6, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

e) 
 Form of Performance Stock Award Grant Agreement for award of performance shares on August 6, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 12, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

f) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Agreement for restricted stock grants on August 6, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 12, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

g) 
 Form of Performance Stock Award Grant Agreement for award of performance shares on August 4, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 10, 2021). File No. 001-07635. 

h) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for restricted stock units granted on August 4, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 10, 2021). File No. 001-07635. 

i) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement for restricted stock grants on August 3, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 8, 2022). File No. 001-07635. 

j) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for restricted stock units granted on August 3, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 8, 2022). File No. 001-07635. 

k) 
 Form of Performance Stock Award Grant Agreement for award of performance shares on August 3, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 8, 2022). File No. 001-07635. 

l) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement for restricted stock grants on August 3, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 9, 2023). File No. 001-07635. 

m) 
 Form of Performance Stock Award Grant Agreement for award of performance shares on August 3, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 9, 2023). File No. 001-07635. 

66

n) 
 Amendment to Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for restricted stock units granted on August 3, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 9, 2023). File No. 001-07635. 

o) 
 Twin Disc, Incorporated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated as of July 29, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 4, 2010). File No. 001-07635. 

p) 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreements (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 3, 2022). File No. 001-07635. 

q) 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K dated August 2, 2005). File No. 001-07635. 

r) 
 Credit Agreement Between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, dated June 29, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 3, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

s) 
 Amendment and Assignment of Revolving Loan Note between Bank of Montreal and BMO Harris Bank, N.A., dated June 29, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 3, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

t) 
 Assignment of and Amendment to Security Agreement By and Among Bank of Montreal, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., and Twin Disc, Incorporated, dated June 29, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 3, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

u) 
 Assignment of and Amendment to IP Security Agreement By and Among Bank of Montreal, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., and Twin Disc, Incorporated, dated June 29, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 3, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

v) 
 Assignment of and Amendment to Pledge Agreement By and Among Bank of Montreal, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., Twin Disc, Incorporated, and Mill-Log Equipment Co., Inc., dated June 29, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 3, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

w) 
 Assignment of and Amendment to the Guaranty Agreement By and Among Bank of Montreal, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., and Mill-Log Equipment Co., Inc., dated June 29, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 3, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

x) 
 Assignment of and Amendment to Guarantor Security Agreement By and Among Bank of Montreal, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., and Mill-Log Equipment Co., Inc., dated June 29, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 3, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

y) 
 Assignment of and Amendment to Negative Pledge Agreement By and Among Twin Disc, Incorporated, Bank of Montreal, and BMO Harris Bank N.A., dated June 29, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 3, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

z) 
 Collateral Assignment of Rights under Purchase Agreement from Twin Disc, Incorporated and Twin Disc NL Holding B.V. in favor of BMO Harris Bank N.A., dated July 2, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 3, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

aa) 
 First Amendment to June 29, 2018 Credit Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated September 21, 2018). File No. 001-07635. 

bb) 
 Amendment No. 2 to June 29, 2018 Credit Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated March 6, 2019). File No. 001-07635. 

67

cc) 
 Amended and Restated Term Note between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated March 6, 2019). File No. 001-07635. 

dd) 
 Amendment No. 3 to June 29, 2018 Credit Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated January 30, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

ee) 
 Promissory Note dated April 17, 2020, entered into by Twin Disc, Incorporated, as borrower, for the benefit of BMO Harris Bank, N.A., as lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated April 21, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

ff) 
 Amendment No. 4 to June 29, 2018 Credit Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated April 21, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

gg) 
 Amendment No. 5 to June 29, 2018 Credit Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 28, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

hh) 
 Form of Deposit Account Control Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.3 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 28, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

ii) 
 Forbearance Agreement and Amendment No. 6 to June 29, 2018 Credit Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated January 29, 2021). File No. 001-07635. 

jj) 
 Second Amended and Restated Revolving Note between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 28, 2020). File No. 001-07635. 

kk) 
 First Amended and Restated Forbearance Agreement and Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated October 5, 2021). File No. 001-07635. 

ll) 
 Second Amended and Restated Forbearance Agreement and Amendment No. 8 to Credit Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated March 4, 2022). File No. 001-07635. 

mm) 
 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Note between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated March 4, 2022). File No. 001-07635. 

nn) 
 Amendment No. 9 to Credit Agreement between Twin Disc, Incorporated and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated July 6, 2022). File No. 001-07635. 

oo) 
 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule, dated April 11, 2019, between Twin Disc, Incorporated and Bank of Montreal (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated April 26, 2019). File No. 001-07635. 

pp) 
 Confirmation of swap transaction, dated April 22, 2019, from Bank of Montreal to Twin Disc, Incorporated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K dated April 26, 2019). File No. 001-07635. 

qq) 
 Commercial Offer to Purchase, dated March 10, 2022, between Twin Disc, Incorporated and J. Jeffers Co., LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated March 15, 2022). File No. 001-07635. 

68

Exhibit 
 Description 
 Herewith 

18 
 Preferability Letter from RSM US LLP 
 X 

21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 X 

23a 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 

24 
 Power of Attorney 
 X 

31a 
 Certification 
 X 

31b 
 Certification 
 X 

32a 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 

32b 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document, filed herewith 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document, filed herewith 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document, filed herewith 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document, filed herewith 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document, filed herewith 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase, filed herewith 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

69

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

September 8, 2023 
 TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED 

By: /s/ JOHN H. BATTEN 

John H. Batten 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

September 8, 2023 
 By: /s/ MICHAEL C. SMILEY 

Michael C. Smiley 

Chairman of the Board 

September 8, 2023 
 By: /s/ JOHN H. BATTEN 

John H. Batten 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

September 8, 2023 
 By: /s/ JEFFREY S. KNUTSON 

Jeffrey S. Knutson 

Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

September 8, 2023 
 Michael Doar, Director 

Janet P. Giesselman, Director David W. Johnson, Director Juliann Larimer, Director Kevin M. Olsen, Director 

By: /s/ JEFFREY S. KNUTSON 

Jeffrey S. Knutson 

Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Attorney in Fact) 

70

<EX-18>
 2
 ex_567782.htm
 EXHIBIT 18

ex_567782.htm 

Exhibit 18 

September 8, 2023 

Board of Directors 

 Twin Disc, Incorporated 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Note A of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of Twin Disc, Incorporated (the Company) included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2023, describes voluntary changes in the Company s method of accounting for actuarial gains and losses for all of its pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The change in method of recognizing actuarial gains and losses is from a method that recognizes such gains and losses in the consolidated statements of shareholders equity and accumulated other comprehensive loss in the period incurred and amortizes them as a component of net periodic benefit cost in future periods subject to a corridor of 10 of the greater of the Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) and Market Value of Assets, to a method that recognizes actuarial gains and losses in the income statement in the period incurred if the cumulative total of unrecognized net gains and losses is greater than 20 of the greater of the PBO and the Market Value of Assets, plus an amortization of unrecognized net gains and losses greater than 10 , but less than 20 of the greater of the PBO and Market Value of Assets. There are no authoritative criteria for determining a preferable method of accounting for actuarial gains and losses based on the particular circumstances; however, we conclude that such a change in method of accounting is to an acceptable alternative method which, based on your business judgment to make this change and for the stated reason, is preferable in your circumstances. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

Milwaukee, Wisconsin 

</EX-18>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex_562716.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_562716.htm 

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Twin Disc, Incorporated, the registrant (a Wisconsin Corporation) owns directly or indirectly 100 of the following subsidiaries: 

1. 

Twin Disc International, S.P.R.L. (a Belgian corporation) 

2. 

Twin Disc Srl (an Italian corporation) 

3. 

Rolla Sp Propellers SARL (a Swiss corporation) 

4. 

Twin Disc (Pacific) Pty. Ltd. (an Australian corporation) 

5. 

Twin Disc (Far East) Ltd. (a Delaware corporation operating in Singapore and Hong Kong) 

6. 

Twin Disc (Far East) Pte. Ltd. (a Singapore corporation) 

7. 

Twin Disc Japan (a Japanese corporation) 

8. 

Twin Disc Power Transmission Private, Ltd. (an Indian limited liability corporation) 

9. 

Twin Disc Power Transmission (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. (a Chinese corporation) 

10. 

Twin Disc Netherlands Holdings B.V. (a Netherlands corporation) 

11. 

Twin Disc NL Holding B.V. (a Netherlands corporation) 

12. 

Veth Propulsion Holding B.V. (a Netherlands corporation) 

13. 

Veth Propulsion B.V. (a Netherlands corporation) 

14. 

Twin Disc European Distribution S.P.R.L (a Belgian corporation) 

15. 

Twin Disc New Zealand Limited (a New Zealand corporation) 

Twin Disc, Incorporated also owns 66 of Twin Disc Nico Co. LTD. (a Japanese corporation). 

The registrant has neither a parent nor any other subsidiaries. All of the above subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.A>
 4
 ex_562717.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.A

ex_562717.htm 

EXHIBIT 23a 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Nos. 333-260800, 333-228245 and 333-249730 on Form S-8) of Twin Disc, Incorporated of our reports dated September 8, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, the financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Twin Disc, Incorporated, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Twin Disc, Incorporated for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

Milwaukee, Wisconsin 

 September 8, 2023 

</EX-23.A>

<EX-24>
 5
 ex_562718.htm
 EXHIBIT 24

ex_562718.htm 

EXHIBIT 24 

. 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned directors of Twin Disc, Incorporated hereby severally constitute John H. Batten and Jeffrey S. Knutson, and each of them singly, true and lawful attorneys with full power to them, and each of them, singly, to sign for us and in our names as directors the Form 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and generally do all such things in our names and behalf as directors to enable Twin Disc, Incorporated to comply with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures so they may be signed by our attorneys, or either of them, as set forth below. 

/s/ MICHAEL DOAR 

Michael Doar, Director 

/s/ JANET P. GIESSELMAN 

Janet P. Giesselman, Director 

/s/ DAVID W. JOHNSON 

David W. Johnson, Director 

/s/ JULIANN LARIMER 

August 3, 2023 

Juliann Larimer, Director 

/s/ KEVIN M. OLSEN 

Kevin M. Olsen, Director 

/s/ MICHAEL C. SMILEY 

Michael C. Smiley, Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.A>
 6
 ex_562719.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.A

ex_562719.htm 

EXHIBIT 31a 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, John H. Batten, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Twin Disc, Incorporated; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 8, 2023 

By: /s/ JOHN H. BATTEN 

John H. Batten 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 7
 ex_562720.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.B

ex_562720.htm 

EXHIBIT 31b 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Jeffrey S. Knutson, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Twin Disc, Incorporated; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 8, 2023 

/s/ JEFFREY S. KNUTSON 

Jeffrey S. Knutson 

Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 8
 ex_562721.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.A

ex_562721.htm 

EXHIBIT 32a 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Twin Disc, Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as of the date hereof (the Report ), I, John H. Batten, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 

the Report fully complies with Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 8, 2023 

By: /s/ JOHN H. BATTEN 

John H. Batten 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 9
 ex_562722.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.B

ex_562722.htm 

EXHIBIT 32b 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Twin Disc, Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as of the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey S. Knutson, Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 

the Report fully complies with Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 8, 2023 

By: /s/ JEFFREY S. KNUTSON 

Jeffrey S. Knutson 

Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 twin-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 twin-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 twin-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 twin-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 twin-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

