<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230727_10-K_edgar_data_1809353_0001410578-23-001502.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5679122</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>167091</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>909515</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1655137</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1228360</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1612665</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-001502.hdr.sgml : 20230727
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230726215243
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-001502
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230727
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230726

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HPX Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001809353
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39382
		FILM NUMBER:		231115099

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 N. WEST STREET, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(302) 295-4929

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 N. WEST STREET, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-001502.txt : 20230727

10-K
 1
 tmb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File No. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Zip Code) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: . Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No The registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, began trading on the New York Stock Exchange separately from its Units on September 8, 2020. The aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately . As of December 31, 2022, there were Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. On March 3, 2023, the registrant merged into Ambipar Emergency Response, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands (the AMBI with AMBI as the surviving entity. Removed from listing and registration under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to the Form 25 filed by the NYSE American on March 3, 2023 and Form 15 filed by the registrant on March 16, 2023. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 Explanatory Note References in this Annual Report to we, us, our or the Company are to HPX Corp., a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to HPX Capital Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our initial shareholders refer to our Sponsor and each of our independent directors. On March 3, 2023 (the Closing Date ), the Company consummated the previously announced business combination (the Closing pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2022 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among the Company, Ambipar Emergency Response, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands AMBI ), Ambipar Merger Sub, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMBI Merger Sub ), Emerg ncia Participa es S.A., a sociedade an nima organized under the laws of Brazil Emergencia ), and Ambipar Participa es e Empreendimentos S.A., a sociedade an nima organized under the laws of Brazil Ambipar ). As a result of the Business Combination, the Company merged with and into AMBI, with AMBI as the surviving entity. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 HPX Corp. FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 Table of Contents 

PART I. 1 Item 1. Business 1 Item 1.A. Risk Factors 4 Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments 4 Item 2. Properties 4 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 4 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 4 PART II. 5 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 5 Item 6. [Reserved.] 5 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 5 Item 7.A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 9 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 9 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 9 Item 9.A. Controls and Procedures 9 Item 9.B. Other Information 11 Item 9.C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 11 PART III. 11 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 11 Item 11. Executive Compensation 16 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 16 Item 13. Certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions 17 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 21 PART IV. 22 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 22 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 23 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY This Annual Report contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: our being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues; our expectations around the performance of the target business; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following the Business Combination; our directors and officers allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; our financial performance; and the other risk and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. Item 1. Business. Overview As of December 31, 2022, we were a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on March 20, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). Our registration statements for our initial public offering Initial Public Offering became effective on July 15, 2020. On July 20, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 25,300,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,300,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 253,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 7,060,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a Private Placement to the Sponsor (the Private Placement ), generating gross proceeds of 7,060,000. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 20, 2020, an amount of 253,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to our shareholders, as described below. As of December 31, 2022, our Class A common stock, warrants and units traded on the NYSE American LLC NYSE American under the symbols HPX, HPX.WS and HPX.U, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on July 16, 2020 and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced separate public trading on September 5, 2020. On March 3, 2023, the NYSE American filed a Form 25 (Notification of Removal from Listing) with the SEC relating to the delisting of our units, Class A common stock and warrants. As a result, our units, Class A common stock and warrants are no longer listed on the NYSE American. Combination Period Extensions As previously reported in the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022, on July 14, 2022, in connection with its Extraordinary General Meeting held on July 14, 2022 (the Extraordinary General Meeting ), the Company s shareholders approved: (1) a special resolution to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (the Extension Amendment to extend the date by which the Company must (a) consummate a Business Combination, (b) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such Business Combination, and (c) redeem all of the Company s Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units sold in the Company s Initial Public Offering from July 20, 2022 to November 20, 2022; and (2) the proposal to extend the date on which Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Trustee must liquidate the trust account established in connection with the Company s Initial Public Offering if the Company has not completed its initial Business Combination from July 20, 2022 to November 20, 2022 (the Trust Amendment and, together with the Extension Amendment, the Initial Extension ). On November 3, 2022, in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company s shareholders approved an additional extension of the Combination Period from November 20, 2022 to March 31, 2023 (the Additional Extension ). For further information, please see the Company s current report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022, the Company s current report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022, and Notes 1 and 10 of the financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Downside Protection Agreement Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, certain PIPE investors PIPE Investors entered into a share subscription agreement Subscription Agreement with the Company and AMBI, pursuant to which the PIPE Investors have committed to subscribe to AMBI Class A ordinary shares at the closing of the Business Combination. In addition, the Sponsor has signed a Downside Protection Agreement DPA with the PIPE Investors and the Non-Redeeming Shareholders, pursuant to which these investors are provided with certain downside protection rights subsequent to the closing date of the Business Combination Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the DPA, including the investment return on a 30-month period, the investors may receive, on a pro-rata basis, an aggregate of up to 1,050,000 AMBI Class A ordinary shares directly from the Sponsor (see Note 2 and Note 9). Shareholder Non-Redemption Agreements Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, certain shareholders of the Company, owning, in the aggregate, 600,000 Class A ordinary shares (each, a Non-Redeeming Shareholder ), have entered into non-redemption agreements (each, a Non-Redemption Agreement with the Company and AMBI, under which, among other things, such Non-Redeeming Shareholders have agreed, in consideration of (i) an aggregate of 26,400 additional AMBI Class A Ordinary Shares and (ii) 150,000 AMBI Warrants, in each case to be issued by AMBI to such Non-Redeeming Shareholders on or promptly following the Closing, to vote in favor of transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement for which the approval of such shareholders is required and agreed not to redeem or exercise any right to redeem any Class A ordinary shares of the Company that such shareholders hold of record or beneficially. Concurrently with the execution of the Non-Redemption Agreements, Trend HPX SPAC FIA IE, represented by its investment manager XP Allocation Asset Management Ltda. XP ), owning 1,297,400 Class A ordinary shares of the Company, has entered into a certain non-redemption agreement with the Company and AMBI (the XP Non-Redemption Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, XP will be entitled to (i) an aggregate of 57,086 additional AMBI Class A Ordinary Shares and (ii) 324,350 AMBI Warrants, in each case to be issued by AMBI to XP on or promptly following the Closing, in the event XP does not redeem the SPAC Shares of which it is the record and beneficial owner in connection with any Extension sought on or prior to July 15, 2022. The Company and the Sponsor are named third-party beneficiaries under the Shareholder Non-Redemption Agreements. In the event that the Business Combination Agreement is not consummated, and the Company does not complete a business combination before March 31, 2023, the Non-Redemption Agreement will no longer apply. Redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares As previously reported in the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022, on July 14, 2022, in connection with the vote to approve the Combination Period Extension, the holders of 19,472,483 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.018 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 195.1 million, which included approximately 0.4 million of Trust Account earnings, leaving approximately 58.4 million in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 2,176,544 of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, with a redemption value of 21,905,597. On November 3, 2022, in connection with the vote to approve the Additional Extension, the holders of 3,650,973 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.064 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 36.7 million, which included approximately 0.2 million of Trust Account earnings, leaving approximately 21.9 million in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, the redemption amount is not required to be classified as a liability as the event occurred subsequent to that date. As of December 31, 2022, there were 2,176,544 Class A ordinary shares outstanding. For further information, please see the Company s current report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022, the Company s current report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022, and Note 10 of these notes to the financial statements on this Annual Report. Transfer of Listing to the NYSE American LLC On October 24, 2022, the Company issued a press release and filed a current report on Form 8-K announcing the voluntary transfer of its securities from NYSE to NYSE American LLC. On October 27, 2022, the transfer of the securities became effective. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Additional Loan Under the Terms of the Working Capital Note On November 30, 2022, and January 17, 2023, under the terms of the Working Capital Note, the Sponsor loaned to the Company an additional aggregate of 205,000 and 410,000 respectively, for working capital purposes, bringing the total aggregate principal amount loaned under the terms of the Working Capital Note to 1,315,000. The outstanding amounts were substantially forgiven, and the balance repaid, on the Closing Date. See Item 13. Certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions Debt Forgiveness Agreement. Ambipar Emergency Response Business Combination On the Closing Date, the Company consummated the previously announced business combination pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, by and among the Company, AMBI, Merger Sub, Emergencia, and Ambipar. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, one business day before the Closing Date, Ambipar contributed all of the issued and outstanding equity of Emergencia into Merger Sub in exchange for the newly issued ordinary shares of Merger Sub (the Merger Sub Ordinary Shares ). On the Closing Date, (i) the Company merged with and into AMBI, with AMBI as the surviving entity (the First Merger and the effective time of the First Merger, the First Effective Time and (ii) immediately following the First Merger, Merger Sub merged with and into AMBI, with AMBI as the surviving entity and holding all of the issued and outstanding equity of Emergencia (the Second Merger and the effective time of the Second Merger, the Second Effective Time the Second Merger together with the First Merger, the Mergers; and the Mergers, collectively with the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ). As part of the Business Combination, at the First Effective Time: (i) each issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Share, was canceled and converted into the right to receive one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of AMBI (the AMBI Class A Ordinary Shares (ii) each issued and outstanding whole warrant to purchase the Class A Ordinary Shares was converted into one warrant to purchase one AMBI Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (the Warrants ), subject to the same terms and conditions existing prior to such conversion, and (iii) each outstanding and unvested restricted stock unit in respect of Class A Ordinary Shares was converted into a restricted stock unit settled in AMBI Class A Ordinary Shares, subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such restricted stock units of the Company as of immediately prior to the First Effective Time. Additionally, at the Second Effective Time, each issued and outstanding Merger Sub Ordinary Share was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the applicable portion of the merger consideration comprised of Class B ordinary shares of AMBI, par value 0.0001 per share, which carry voting rights in the form of 10 votes per share of AMBI (the AMBI Class B Ordinary Shares and, together with AMBI Class A Ordinary Shares, the AMBI Ordinary Shares ), as determined in accordance with the per share consideration set forth in the Business Combination Agreement; provided that the number of AMBI Class B Ordinary Shares issued to Ambipar was adjusted downwards by 3,572,446, which is the amount corresponding, at one share for every 10.00, to the transaction expenses incurred by Emergencia in excess of 9,500,000 not reimbursed by Ambipar pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. The Business Combination was unanimously approved by the Company s board of directors and was approved at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company s shareholders held on February 28, 2023 (the Extraordinary General Meeting ). On March 3, 2023, the NYSE American filed a Form 25 (Notification of Removal from Listing) with the SEC relating to the delisting of our units, Class A common stock and warrants. As a result, our units, Class A common stock and warrants are no longer listed on the NYSE American. On March 16, 2023, we filed a Form 15 certifying the deregistration of our units, warrants and Class A common stock under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and suspension of our duty to file reports under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Company s reporting obligations under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act have been suspended. Human Capital As of December 31, 2022, we had one officer and no full-time employees. Our officer is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and devoted only as much time as our officer deemed necessary to our affairs. We expect our officer to devote such amount of time as he reasonably believes is necessary to our business. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1.A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Annual Report. As of the date of this document, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in (i) our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as filed with the SEC on April 14, 2022, and (ii) our final proxy statement with respect to our special meeting of shareholders to approve the Business Combination Agreement filed with the SEC on March 2, 2023. Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. As of December 31, 2022, we maintained our executive offices at 1000 N. West Street, Suite 1200, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee that we pay our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information Our units commenced public trading on July 16, 2020 and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced separate public trading on September 5, 2020. On March 3, 2023, the NYSE American a Form 25 (Notification of Removal from Listing) with the SEC relating to the delisting of our units, Class A common stock and warrants. As a result, our units, Class A common stock and warrants are no longer listed on the NYSE American. (b) Holders As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately one holder of record of our Units, approximately one holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary shares, and approximately two holders of record of our redeemable warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) Performance Graph The performance graph has been omitted as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. (f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales None. Item 6. [Reserved.]. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the Company, our, us or we refer to HPX Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 20, 2020 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Developments On the Closing Date, the Company consummated the previously announced business combination pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, by and among the Company, AMBI, Merger Sub, Emergencia, and Ambipar. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, one business day before the Closing Date, Ambipar contributed all of the issued and outstanding equity of Emergencia into Merger Sub in exchange for the newly issued Merger Sub Ordinary Shares. On the Closing Date, (i) the Company merged with and into AMBI, with AMBI as the surviving entity and (ii) immediately following the First Merger, Merger Sub merged with and into AMBI, with AMBI as the surviving entity and holding all of the issued and outstanding equity of Emergencia. As part of the Business Combination, at the First Effective Time: (i) each issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Share was canceled and converted into the right to receive one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of AMBI (the AMBI Class A Ordinary Shares (ii) each issued and outstanding whole warrant to purchase the Class A Ordinary Shares was converted into one warrant to purchase one AMBI Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (the Warrants ), subject to the same terms and conditions existing prior to such conversion, and (iii) each outstanding and unvested restricted stock unit in respect of Class A Ordinary Shares was converted into a restricted stock unit settled in AMBI Class A Ordinary Shares, subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such restricted stock units of the Company as of immediately prior to the First Effective Time. Additionally, at the Second Effective Time, each issued and outstanding Merger Sub Ordinary Share was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the applicable portion of the merger consideration comprised of Class B ordinary shares of AMBI, par value 0.0001 per share, which carry voting rights in the form of 10 votes per share of AMBI (the AMBI Class B Ordinary Shares and, together with AMBI Class A Ordinary Shares, the AMBI Ordinary Shares ), as determined in accordance with the per share consideration set forth in the Business Combination Agreement; provided that the number of AMBI Class B Ordinary Shares issued to Ambipar was adjusted downwards by 3,572,446, which is the amount corresponding, at one share for every 10.00, to the transaction expenses incurred by Emergencia in excess of 9,500,000 not reimbursed by Ambipar pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. The Business Combination was unanimously approved by the Company s board of directors and was approved at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company s shareholders held on February 28, 2023 (the Extraordinary General Meeting ). On March 3, 2023, the NYSE American filed a Form 25 (Notification of Removal from Listing) with the SEC relating to the delisting of our units, Class A common stock and warrants. As a result, our units, Class A common stock and warrants are no longer listed on the NYSE American. On March 16, 2023, we filed a Form 15 certifying the deregistration of our units, warrants and Class A common stock under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and suspension of our duty to file reports under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Company s reporting obligations under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act have been suspended. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, the search for a target company for a Business Combination, the signing of the Business Combination Agreement and in connection with the preparation of the consummation of the Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of earnings from the cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account and gain (loss) from changes in the fair values of warrant liabilities and PIPE derivative liability. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 3,425,810, which consisted of operating costs of 6,633,923 and change in fair value of PIPE derivative liability of 61,363, partially offset by a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 2,278,476, interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 694,357 and other income of 296,643. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 9,394,728, which consisted of a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 10,533,024, interest income from the operating bank account of 89, and interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 25,305, partially offset by operating costs of 1,163,690. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources On July 20, 2020, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 25,300,000 Units, inclusive of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its option to purchase an additional 3,300,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 253,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 7,060,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant generating gross proceeds of 7,060,000. Following the Initial Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option in full and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 253,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 14,528,328 in transaction costs, including 5,060,000 of underwriting fees, 8,855,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 613,328 of other costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,255,404. Net loss of 3,425,810 was affected by interest income on marketable securities of 694,357, a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 2,278,476, a change in fair value of PIPE derivative liability of 61,363 and other income of 296,643. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 5,378,519 of cash from operating activities, due primarily to an increase in deferred legal fees. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 582,258. Net income of 9,394,728 was affected by interest income on marketable securities of 25,305 and a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 10,533,024. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 581,343 of cash from operating activities due primarily to an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. At December 31, 2022, we had cash held in the Trust Account of 21,905,597. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 199,388 held outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts drawn. On August 11, 2021, the Sponsor committed to provide the Company an aggregate of 150,000 in loans for working capital purposes. On February 21, 2022, the Sponsor committed to provide the Company with an additional 755,000 in loans for working capital purposes, bring the total commitment amount to 905,000. On June 24, 2022, the Sponsor loaned to the Company an aggregate of 700,000 for working capital purposes. On November 30, 2022, the Sponsor loaned to the Company an additional aggregate of 205,000 for working capital purposes. On January 17, 2023, under the terms of an additional promissory note entered into between the Company and the Sponsor on the same date, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of 410,000, the Sponsor loaned to the Company an additional 410,000 for working capital purposes, bringing the total commitment amount to 1,315,000. These loans were evidenced by two promissory notes which were non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation by the Company of a business combination, without an option of the Sponsor to convert any amount outstanding thereunder upon completion of a business combination into warrants. As of December 31, 2022, 905,000 were outstanding under such loan. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 The outstanding amount as of December 31, 2022 and the additional amounts incurred in January 17, 2023, were substantially forgiven, and the balance repaid, on the Closing Date. In March 2023, a total of 121,650 was repaid on the working capital loans and 1,168,548 was forgiven by the Sponsor. See Item 13. Certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions Debt Forgiveness Agreement. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, administrative and support services, provided to the Company. We began incurring these fees on July 16, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination and the Company s liquidation. We have arrangements with a consultant to provide services to us relating to market and industry analyses, assistance with due diligence, and financial modeling and valuation of a potential targets. We agreed to pay the service provider a fee of 6,600 BRL per month (approximately 1,200 per month). The agreement is for a fixed term of 24 months and terminated on September 15, 2022. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Warrant Liabilities We account for the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a binomial lattice simulation. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units on September 8, 2020, the Public Warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. Derivative Financial Instruments We evaluate our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC 815. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the issuance date and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative liabilities are classified in the balance sheets as current or non-current based on whether net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The PIPE derivative liability as a result of the Downside Protection Agreement signed by the Sponsor with PIPE Investors and the Non-Redeeming Shareholders meets the criteria for derivative liability classification. As such, the PIPE derivative liability is recorded at its initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the PIPE derivative liability are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss in the statements of operations. The fair value of the PIPE derivative liability is discussed in Note 9 of our financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from income (loss) per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. Item 7.A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Not required for smaller reporting companies. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . None. Item 9.A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to (1) the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments and (2) the lack of effective segregation of duties within cash management procedures. Management has identified a material weakness in internal controls related to the accounting for complex financial instruments and determined that the processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements were not adequate. In addition, Management has identified a material weakness in internal controls related to the Company s controls as of December 31, 2022, that allowed the CEO/CFO to both initiate and finalize check disbursements and wire transactions without the mandated review and authorization from a separate independent individual before the execution of such payments. This represents a departure from best practices that advocate for a dual-approval process to ensure the integrity of financial transactions. Subsequent to the Closing, the internal control structure of the Company ceased to be in operation. Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Subsequent to the Closing, the internal control structure of the Company ceased to be in operation. We performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Except as disclosed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9.B. Other Information. None. Item 9.C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. Not applicable. PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. As of December 31, 2022 and until the Closing our directors and officers were as follows: 

Name Age Title Carlos Piani 49 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Director Bernardo Hees 52 Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors Rodrigo Xavier 53 Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors Marcos Peigo 42 Director Wolney Edirley Goncalves Betiol 57 Director Rafael Salvador Grisolia 56 Director Salete Pinheiro 67 Director Carlos Piani was our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and a director since our inception until the Closing. Following the Closing, Mr. Piani became a member of the board of directors of AMBI. Mr. Piani has over 20 years of investment and operational experience and a depth of investment and mergers and acquisitions experience in a wide range of industries. Mr. Piani is currently the Chairman of Equatorial Energia S.A. (SAO: EQTL3), a Brazilian utilities company, Chairman of Brasil Brokers Participacoes S.A. (SAO: BBRK3), a Brazilian real estate company, and serves on the board of directors of Vibra S.A., previously known as Petrobras Distribuidora S.A. (SAO: VBBR3), Brazil s largest fuel distribution company. Mr. Piani served as Head of Strategic Initiatives and Mergers Acquisitions in 2019 at Kraft Heinz and Zone President of Kraft Heinz Canada from 2015 to 2018. Prior to joining Kraft Heinz, Mr. Piani served as Chief Executive Officer of PDG Realty S.A. Empreendimentos e Participacoes (SAO: PDGR3), a real estate company, from August 2012 to August 2015. Previously, he served as Co-Head of Private Equity of Vinci Partners, an independent asset management firm, from April 2010 to August 2012, as Chief Executive Officer of CEMAR, an electricity distribution company in Brazil, from March 2006 to April 2010, and as Chief Executive Officer of Equatorial Energia S.A., CEMAR s controlling shareholder, from March 2007 to April 2010. From 1998 to 2004, Mr. Piani served at Banco Pactual S.A. (now known as BTG Pactual S.A.), initially as an investment banking analyst and later as an Associate Partner of the Principal Investment Group, where he managed a multi-million dollar venture capital fund focused on Brazilian technology companies. Mr. Piani has a degree in computer science from PUC/RJ and a bachelor s degree in business from IBMEC/ RJ. He has also completed the Owner and President Management Program at Harvard Business School and is a Chartered Financial Analyst by CFA Institute. Mr. Piani s extensive experience in managing and operating public and private companies of varying size and complexity across many industries in Brazil, and his extensive experience in the areas of finance, strategy and mergers and acquisitions enabled him to provide valuable expertise to us. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Bernardo Hees served as Co-Chairman of our board of directors since July 2020 until the Closing. Mr. Hees served as a partner of 3G, a private equity firm, from 2010 to 2019 and was responsible for leading some of 3G s most iconic investments. Until stepping down in June 2019, Mr. Hees served as the Chief Executive Officer of Kraft Heinz (NYSE: KHC), one of the largest manufacturers and marketers of consumer branded food products in the world. Mr. Hees became Chief Executive Officer of Kraft Heinz upon the closing of the merger of Kraft with Heinz in 2015, where he served as Chief Executive Officer since June 2013. Prior to this, Mr. Hees served as Chief Executive Officer of Burger King, a global fast food restaurant chain, from November 2010 to June 2013, upon 3G s approximately 4.0 billion acquisition of Burger King Holdings (formerly NYSE: BKC). Mr. Hees also served as the Chief Executive Officer of America Latina Logistics (SAO: RAIL3), a Brazilian logistics company, from January 2005 to September 2010 (now known as Rumo S.A.). Mr. Hees is currently the Chairman of the Board and Chair of the Board s Executive Committee of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: CAR), a leading global provider of mobility and car rental solutions through its Avis and Budget brands. Mr. Hees has served on the board of directors of Bunge Ltd. (NYSE: BG), an agribusiness and food company, since December 2019. Mr. Hees received his bachelor s degree from Pontif cia Universidade Cat lica do Rio de Janeiro and his MBA from the University of Warwick and he completed the Owner and President Management Program at Harvard Business School. Additionally, among the reasons for his appointment as a director, Mr. Hees s financial, business and operational experience, as well as the experience that he has accumulated through his activities as an executive and investor, added strategic vision to the board of directors to assist with our ultimate Business Combination transaction. Rodrigo Xavier served as Co-Chairman of our board of directors since July 2020 until the Closing. From 2014 to 2017, Mr. Xavier served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors of Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brazil. Prior to this, from 2009 to 2013, he was a Founding Partner and member of the Executive Committee of Vinci Partners. Mr. Xavier joined Banco Pactual in 1993, where he became a senior partner and executive committee member. He later served as Chief Executive Officer of UBS Pactual from 2008 to 2009. In 2018, Mr. Xavier became a fellow at Stanford s Distinguished Career Institute DCI and has since become an investor board member and adviser at DCI in the topics of digital transformation, innovation, technology and social entrepreneurship. Mr. Xavier received his bachelor s degree in Economics from Universidade de Brasilia and completed his post-graduate studies in International Economics from Tohoku and Fukushima Universities in Japan. He also has a master s degree in International Management from the American Graduate School of International Management (Thunderbird), USA. Mr. Xavier s significant financial experience, particularly in management and senior executive roles at large financial institutions made him a valuable member of our board of directors. Marcos Peigo served as a director since July 2020 until the Closing. Mr. Peigo has served as an Operating Partner of Digital Colony, a global investment firm, and Chief Executive Officer and Board Member of Scala, the Latin American hyperscale data center platform of Digital Colony, since April 2020. Prior to this, Mr. Peigo was Vice President of Value Creation at IBM Latin America from 2018 to April 2020, and before that was the Chief Operating Officer at UOL Diveo Tecnologia Ltda. from 2012 to 2017. From 2004 to 2013, Mr. Peigo served as the Chief Executive Officer of Solvo Servi os de Inform tica S.A and from 2002 to 2007, he served as a Board Member of Automatos International Ltd. In 2014, Mr. Peigo founded Lemniscata Ventures, a privately held advisory and investment firm. Mr. Peigo studied Electrical Engineering and Economics at Pontificia Universidade Catolica de Sao Paulo. Mr. Peigo s significant experience in the technology and infrastructure-focused sector in Brazil gave our board of directors increased insight into broader industries when considering target business for our initial Business Combination. Wolney Edirley Goncalves Betiol served as a director since July 2021 until the Closing. Mr. Betiol is an entrepreneur, an investor, and a business leader with more than 30 years in technology industry. In 1990, he co-founded Bematech, which became one of the largest Brazilian companies focused on retail automation solutions, took the company public in 2007 and led the process of merging the company with Totvs, one of the largest IT companies in Latin America in 2015. Also in 2015, Mr. Betiol founded Synapse Venture Capital, a global investment firm focused on investing in innovative companies and venture capital funds, strengthening the ties between Silicon Valley and Brazil. Mr. Betiol holds an Electrical and Electronic Engineer degree from Cefet/PR. Mr. Betiol also has a master s degree in Computer Science from UTFPr an MBA from Funda o Getulio Vargas. Mr. Betiol s significant experience as business technology industry of Brazil made him a valuable member of our board of directors. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Rafael Salvador Grisolia served as a director since July 2021 until the Closing. Mr. Grisolia is a senior executive with over 20 years of experience in high leadership positions or as an executive officer in large Brazilian companies. He was most recently the Chief Executive Officer of BR Distribuidora S.A., from 2019 to January 2021, and prior to that served as CFO and IRO of Petroleo Brasileiro S.A. since 2018. He was CFO and IRO of Petrobras Distribuidora S.A. from 2017 to 2018 and CFO and IRO of InBrands S.A. from 2013 to 2017. Prior to this, he was an executive officer of many large Brazilian companies, including Cosan, Cremer Group, Trigo Group and Esso (ExxonMobil). Mr. Grisolia has extensive experience in successfully coordinating privatization processes, turnarounds, M A s and IPO s for large and well-known Brazilian companies. He was certified by IBGC (Brazilian Institute of Corporate Governance), having participated in the Board of Directors of PDG Realty, a Brazilian real estate developer and IBP, the Brazilian Institute of Oil Gas. Mr. Grisolia s extensive experience as an executive officer coordinating Brazilian M A transactions made him a valuable member of our board of directors. Salete Pinheiro has served as a director since July 2020 until the Closing. Ms. Pinheiro has been a member of the Fiscal Board of BR Distribuidora S.A. and Jereissati Participa es S.A. (each a public company) from September 2019 and August 2020, respectively, to the present. Ms. Pinheiro has also been the Coordinator of the Audit Committee of HDI Seguros S.A. and Icatu Seguros S.A. (each an insurance company) and member of Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econ mico e Social - BNDES from 2020 to the present. Ms. Pinheiro also worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1979 to 2018, including 23 years as an Audit Partner. Ms. Pinheiro holds a bachelor s degree in Accounting and obtained her MBA from IBMEC. Ms. Pinheiro s significant experience serving as an auditor for companies across many decades in a diverse array of industries in Brazil made her a valuable member of our board of directors. Number, Terms of Office and Appointment of Directors and Officers Our board of directors consists of seven members. Each of our directors will hold office for a two - year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman (or Co - Chairmen, if applicable), a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors As of December 31, 2022 and until the Closing, our board of directors had three standing committees: an audit committee; a compensation committee; and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of our audit committee, compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee are composed solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. Audit Committee As of December 31, 2022 and until the Closing the members of our audit committee were Salete Pinheiro, Rafael Salvador Grisolia and Marcos Peigo. Salete Pinheiro served as chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee was financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Salete Pinheiro qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. The audit committee s duties, which were specified in our audit committee charter, included, but were not limited to: assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm and independent auditors; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee As of December 31, 2022 and until the Closing, the members of our compensation committee were Wolney Betiol, Marcos Peigo and Salete Pinheiro. Marcos Betiol served as chairman of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s duties included, but were not limited to: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee As of December 31, 2022 and until the Closing the members of our nominating and corporate governance committee were Marcos Peigo, Rafael Salvador Grisolia and Wolney Betiol. Marcos Peigo served as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee s duties included, but were not limited to: identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board of directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the Company; and reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. Code of Ethics Prior to Closing, we maintained a code of ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have also filed a copy of our form of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to this Annual Report. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the Company as a whole; duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; duty to not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the Company and their personal interests; and duty to exercise independent judgment. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care, which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the Company and the general knowledge, skill and experience which that director has. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Item 11. Executive Compensation. None of our directors or officers have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were listed on the NYSE through the Closing, we paid our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our Sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that are made by us to our Sponsor, directors, officers or our or any of their respective affiliates. On June 25, 2020, our Sponsor transferred 20,000 Founder Shares to each of our independent directors at their original per-share purchase price. We were not party to any agreements with our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares available to us at December 31, 2022 by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; each of our executive officers and directors; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares (2) Approximate Approximate Percentage of Class Percentage of Class Issued and Issued and Beneficially Outstanding Beneficially Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned Ordinary Share Owned Ordinary Share HPX Capital Partners LLC (our Sponsor) (3) 6,245,000 19.8 Bernardo Hees (3) 6,245,000 19.8 Carlos Piani (3) 6,245,000 19.8 Rodrigo Xavier (3) 6,245,000 19.8 Marcos Peigo 20,000 Wolney Betiol 20,000 Salete Pinheiro 20,000 James A. Margaret M. Ruffalo (4) 272,810 12.5 Meteora Capital, LLC. (5) 174,719 8.0 Mizuno Financial Group, Inc. (6) 123,794 5.8 All directors and officers as a group (six individuals) 6,305,000 19.9 

 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o HPX Corp., 1000 N. West Street, Suite 1200, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. (2) Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such ordinary shares converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled Description of Securities in our prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File Nos. 333-239486 and 333-239882). (3) HPX Capital Partners LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of the Class B ordinary shares reported herein. The managers of our Sponsor, Messrs. Hees, Piani and Xavier, by virtue of their shared control over our Sponsor, may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our Sponsor. (4) According to Form 4/A filed on January 30, 2023 filed on behalf of James A. Margaret M. Ruffalo and the James A. Ruffalo IRA. The business address is 2800 S. Ocean Blvd., apt. 20F, Boca Raton, FL 33432. (5) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023 filed on behalf Meteora Capital, LLC. The business address is 840 Park Drive East, Boca Raton, FL 33444. (6) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 16, 2023 filed on behalf of Mizuno Financial Group, Inc. The business address is 1 5 5, Otemachi, Chiyoda ku, Tokyo 100 8176, Japan. Item 13. Certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions. Founder Shares On April 8, 2020, the Sponsor purchased 5,750,000 of the Company s Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate consideration of 25,000. On June 25, 2020, the Sponsor transferred 20,000 Founder Shares to each of its independent directors at their original per-share purchase price. On July 15, 2020, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in the initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 6,325,000 Founder Shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively rested to reflect the share capitalization. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 825,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised, so that the Founder Shares would equal 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its over-allotment option on July 16, 2020, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 On July 23, 2021, Marco Kheirallah and Wolney Betiol entered into a Securities Assignment Agreement, whereby Mr. Kheirallah transferred and assigned 20,000 Founder Shares to Mr. Betiol. On July 23, 2021, Rafael Grisolia entered into a Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement with the Company providing for the grant of 20,000 restricted stock units RSUs to Mr. Grisolia, which RSUs will vest upon the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination and represent 20,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company. Other than as described above, Mr. Betiol and Mr.Grisolia will not be compensated by the Company for their services as directors and they have not entered into an employment agreement with the Company. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,060,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant from the Company in a Private Placement, for an aggregate purchase price of 7,060,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or any Extension Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. If we do not complete an Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, subject to the requirements of applicable law, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on July 15, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued on conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement the Company entered into the Investor Rights Agreement, which became effective as of the Closing and amended and restated in its entirety the Company s existing Registration Rights Agreement. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Related Party Notes In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on July 16, 2020, the Company will pay the Sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 295,000 and 175,000, respectively, of such fees included within accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In January and February 2023, the Company accrued additional fees in the amount of 20,000, bringing the total fees to 315,000. At the Closing, the entire outstanding amount owed under the Administrative Services Agreement was forgiven pursuant to the terms of the Debt Forgiveness Agreement (as defined below). See Debt Forgiveness Agreement. . Advances The Sponsor advanced the Company an aggregate of 10,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. The advances were non-interest bearing and due on demand. The outstanding advances of 10,000 were repaid in full on June 25, 2020. Promissory Notes On April 8, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 and (ii) the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of 300,000 was repaid in full at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 20, 2020. On August 11, 2021, the Sponsor committed to provide us an aggregate of 150,000 in loans. On February 21, 2022, the Sponsor committed to provide us with an additional 755,000 in loans. These loans will be non-interest bearing, unsecured and will be repaid upon the consummation of a business combination, without an option of the Sponsor to convert any amount outstanding thereunder upon completion of a business combination into warrants. If we do not consummate a business combination, all amounts loaned to us in connection with these loans will be forgiven except to the extent that we have funds available to it outside of the Trust Account. On August 11, 2021, the Sponsor committed to provide the Company an aggregate of 150,000 in loans for working capital purposes. On February 21, 2022, the Sponsor committed to provide the Company with an additional 755,000 in loans for working capital purposes, bring the total commitment amount to 905,000. On June 24, 2022, the Sponsor loaned to the Company an aggregate of 700,000 for working capital purposes. On November 30, 2022, the Sponsor loaned to the Company an additional aggregate of 205,000 for working capital purposes. On January 17, 2023, under the terms of an additional promissory note entered into between the Company and the Sponsor on the same date, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of 410,000, the Sponsor loaned to the Company an additional 410,000 for working capital purposes, bringing the total commitment amount to 1,315,000. These loans were evidenced by two promissory notes Promissory Notes which were non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation by the Company of a business combination, without an option of the Sponsor to convert any amount outstanding thereunder upon completion of a business combination into warrants. As of December 31, 2022, 905,000 were outstanding under such loan. The outstanding amount as of December 31, 2022 and the additional amounts incurred in January 17, 2023, were substantially forgiven, and the balance repaid, on the Closing Date. In March 2023, a total of 121,650 was repaid on the working capital loans and 1,168,548 was forgiven by the Sponsor. See Item 13. Certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions Debt Forgiveness Agreement. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Sponsor Letter Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company, AMBI, Emergencia, the Sponsor and the Insiders have entered into the Sponsor Letter Agreement pursuant to which the parties thereto have agreed (i) to amend and restate in its entirety the current sponsor letter agreement dated as of July 15, 2020 by and among the Company, the Sponsor and the other parties thereto (ii) that the Sponsor and Insiders will not redeem any outstanding Founder Shares, in connection with the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement or any extension of the deadline by which the Company is required to consummate its business combination, (iii) that the Sponsor and Insiders will be present for the relevant meeting and vote all of their Founder Shares in favor of the Business Combination Agreement, the transactions contemplated pursuant thereto and the other matters contemplated to be approved in the Business Combination Agreement, including an extension of the deadline by which the Company must complete its business combination (iv) that, prior to the Closing, the Sponsor and Insiders will not transfer any Founder Shares or the Company Private Placement Warrants except as permitted thereby, and (v) to give effect to the Sponsor Recapitalization (as detailed below), such that, immediately prior to the First Effective Time, there shall cease to be outstanding any the Class B Ordinary Shares. In addition, conditioned upon the consummation of the Merger, the Sponsor and Insiders waived certain anti-dilution protection provisions contained in the Existing Governing Documents. Immediately prior to consummation of the First Merger, the Sponsor and the Insiders transferred all of their right, title and interest in, to and under each of their 6,305,000 outstanding the Class B Ordinary Shares (6,245,000 of which were held by the Sponsor) and each of the 7,060,000 the Company Private Placement Warrants to purchase one the Company Class A Ordinary Share (all such the Company Private Placement Warrants were held by the Sponsor), and in exchange therefore, the Company issued (x) to the Sponsor 1,836,100 the Company Class A Ordinary Shares and 676,707 the Company Private Placement Warrants, each free and clear of liens, and (y) to each Insider a number of the Company Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the number of Founder Shares held by such Insider as of the date of the Sponsor Letter Agreement, each free and clear of liens (the Sponsor Recapitalization ). Debt Forgiveness Agreement On the Closing Date, the Sponsor and the Company entered into a debt forgiveness agreement (the Debt Forgiveness Agreement pursuant to which, effective as of Closing and immediately prior to the First Effective Time, the Sponsor irrevocably, unconditionally and for no payment waived, forgave, settled and extinguished an outstanding amount of approximately 1.5 million due by HPX to the Sponsor in connection with the Promissory Notes and the Administrative Services Agreement. The balance of 0.1 million due in connection with the Promissory Notes and the Administrative Services Agreement was repaid in full at Closing. Investor Rights Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, AMBI, the Sponsor, Ambipar, Opportunity Agro Fund and certain other shareholders of the Company have entered into an investor rights agreement, pursuant to which the Registration Rights Agreement will be amended and restated in its entirety, as of the Closing. As a result, certain holders of registrable securities will be able to make a written demand for registration under the Securities Act of all or a portion of their registrable securities, subject to certain limitations so long as such demand includes a number of registrable securities with a total offering price in excess of 75,000,000, net of all underwriting discounts and commissions. Any such demand may be in the form of an underwritten offering, it being understood that, subject to certain exceptions, AMBI shall not be required to conduct more than an aggregate total of eight underwritten offerings or an aggregate of four underwritten offerings in any 12-month period. In addition, certain holders of registrable securities will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by AMBI subsequent to the Closing. AMBI has also agreed to file with the SEC a resale shelf registration statement covering the resale of all registrable securities within 30 days of the Closing, to be declared effective no later than the earlier of 60 days of the Closing if the SEC notifies AMBI that it will not review the registration statement or 90 days if the SEC notifies AMBI that it will review the registration statement. In addition, pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, signatories thereof agreed to certain transfer restrictions on their respective equity interests in AMBI, in the case of certain directors of the Company, for a period of one year following the Closing Date, and, in the case of Ambipar and the Sponsor, for a period of three years following the Closing Date, in each case, subject to the following exceptions of permitted transfers (i) in the case of a transfer to a permitted transferee, if such AMBI shareholder provides written notice to AMBI or (ii) (A) if such AMBI shareholder is an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual, (B) if such AMBI shareholder is an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (C) pursuant to any liquidation, merger, share exchange or similar transaction (other than the Mergers) which results in all of AMBI s shareholders having the right to exchange 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 their AMBI Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of AMBI for cash, securities or other property; provided that in connection with any transfer of such securities pursuant to clause (ii) above, (x) such AMBI shareholder shall, and shall cause any such transferee of his, her or its Lock-Up Securities (as defined in the Investor Rights Agreement), to enter into a written agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to AMBI, agreeing to be bound by the Lock-up Agreement prior and as a condition to the occurrence of such transfer, and (y) that such transferee shall have no rights under the Investor Rights Agreement, unless they are a permitted transferee according to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, in which case, as a condition to such transfer, the transferee shall be required to become a party to the Investor Rights Agreement. Finally, pursuant to the Subscription Agreements with the PIPE Investors and the Cygnus Subscription Agreement with Cygnus Fund Icon, as the case may be, we have agreed that we will: file within 30 calendar days after the closing of the Business Combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the AMBI Class A Ordinary Shares; use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter, but in no event later than the earlier of (i) the 60th calendar day (or 90th calendar day if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the registration statement) after closing and (ii) the 10th business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the registration statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, as the case may be; and maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (i) the second anniversary of the effectiveness of the registration statement, (ii) the date on which the PIPE Investors or Cygnus Fund Icon, as the case may be, cease to hold any ordinary shares issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreements or Cygnus Subscription Agreement, as the case may be, or (iii) on the first date on which the subscription investors can sell all of their shares issues pursuant to the subscription agreements (or shares received in exchange therefor) under Rule 144 of the Securities Act without limitation as to the manner of sale or amount of such securities that may be sold. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered in connection with the Initial Public Offering, the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 280,418 and 94,760 respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and for the period from March 20, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and for the period from March 20, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and for the period from March 20, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules . (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements: 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 HPX CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-1 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 to F-25 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To Those Charged with Governance of HPX Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of HPX Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. July 26, 2023 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 HPX CORP. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Cash held in Trust Account Marketable securities held in Trust Account TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued offering costs Promissory note related party Total Current Liabilities Deferred legal fees Warrant liabilities PIPE derivative liability Deferred underwriting fee payable Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Shares Subject to Possible Redemption Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; and shares at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Shareholders Deficit Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 HPX CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating and formation costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Change in fair value of PIPE derivative liability ) Interest income from operating bank account Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account Other income Total other income, net Net (loss) income ) Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share, Class B ordinary shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 HPX CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A Class B Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Additional Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Deficit Deficit Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) Cancellation of Class B ordinary shares ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) ) Waived deferred underwriting fee payable Initial measurement of PIPE derivative liability ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 HPX CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Change in fair value of PIPE derivative liability Interest income on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account ) ) Other income ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred legal fees Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption Net cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from promissory note related party Redemption of Class A ordinary shares ) Net cash used in financing activities ) Net Change in Cash ) ) Cash Beginning Cash Ending Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount Waived deferred underwriting fee payable ) Initial measurement of PIPE derivative liability Cancellation of Class B ordinary shares ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Class A ordinary shares (each, a Non-Redeeming Shareholder ), have entered into non-redemption agreements (each, a Non-Redemption Agreement with the Company and New PubCo, under which, among other things, such Non-Redeeming Shareholders have agreed, in consideration of (i) an aggregate of additional New PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares and (ii) New PubCo Warrants (as defined below), in each case to be issued by New PubCo to such Non-Redeeming Shareholders on or promptly following the Closing, to vote in favor of transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement for which the approval of such shareholders is required and agreed not to redeem or exercise any right to redeem any Class A ordinary shares of the Company that such shareholders hold of record or beneficially. Concurrently with the execution of the Non-Redemption Agreements, Trend HPX SPAC FIA IE, represented by its investment manager XP Allocation Asset Management Ltda. XP ), owning Class A ordinary shares of the Company, has entered into a certain non-redemption agreement with the Company and New PubCo (the XP Non-Redemption Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, XP will be entitled to (i) an aggregate of additional New PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares and (ii) New PubCo Warrants, in each case to be issued by New PubCo to XP on or promptly following the Closing, in the event XP does not redeem the SPAC Shares of which it is the record and beneficial owner in connection with any Extension sought on or prior to July 15, 2022. The Company and the Sponsor are named third-party beneficiaries under the Shareholder Non-Redemption Agreements. In the event that the Business Combination Agreement is not consummated, and the Company does not complete a business combination before March 31, 2023, the Non-Redemption Agreement will no longer apply. On December 8, 2022, HPX, New PubCo and Cygnus Fund Icon, one of the Non-Redeeming Shareholders, entered into an amended and restated Non-Redemption Agreement (the Cygnus Non-Redemption Agreement as well as a Subscription Agreement (the Cygnus Subscription Agreement on terms and conditions substantially consistent with those included in the Non-Redemption Agreements and the Subscription Agreements dated July 5, 2022; provided, however, that pursuant to the Cygnus Non-Redemption Agreement and the Cygnus Subscription Agreement, Cygnus Fund Icon has been granted the option (the Cygnus Option ), exercisable by Cygnus Fund Icon via written notice to be delivered to HPX and New PubCo no later than 10 calendar days prior to the HPX extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, either (i) to comply with the terms and conditions contained in the Cygnus Non-Redemption Agreement (including, among other things, to vote its HPX Class A Ordinary Shares in favor of the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement for which the approval of HPX shareholders is required and not to redeem or exercise any right to redeem its HPX Class A Ordinary Shares), or (ii) not to be bound by the Cygnus Non-Redemption Agreement and instead to subscribe for New PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued by New PubCo pursuant to the Cygnus Subscription Agreement for aggregate gross proceeds of . The parties agreed to amend and restate such Non-Redemption Agreement as well as to enter into the Cygnus Subscription Agreement at the request of Cygnus Fund Icon in order to provide Cygnus Fund Icon with the option to make its investment in New PubCo either through the non-redemption of its HPX Class A Ordinary Shares or through a subscription of New PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares on terms and conditions substantially consistent with the other PIPE Investors. On February 10, 2023, Cygnus sent a termination and subscription notice to HPX and the Company (the Cygnus Notice whereby it elected option (ii) above. 
 F-7 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 New PubCo Class A ordinary shares directly from the Sponsor (see Note 2 and Note 9). Redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares On July 14, 2022, in connection with the vote to approve the Combination Period Extension, the holders of Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of , which included of Trust Account earnings, leaving in the Trust Account. On November 3, 2022, in connection with the vote to approve the Additional Extension, the holders of Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of , which included of Trust Account earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, with a redemption value of . Transfer of Listing to the NYSE American LLC On October 24, 2022, the Company issued a press release and filed a current report on Form 8-K announcing the voluntary transfer of its securities from NYSE to NYSE American LLC. On October 27, 2022, the transfer of the securities became effective. Additional Loan Under the Terms of the Working Capital Note On November 30, 2022, under the terms of the Working Capital Note as described in Note 5, the Sponsor loaned to the Company an additional aggregate of for working capital purposes, bringing the total aggregate principal amount loaned under the terms of the Working Capital Note to . On January 17, 2023, under the terms of an additional promissory note entered into between the Company and the Sponsor on the same date, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of , the Sponsor loaned to the Company an additional for working capital purposes, bringing the total commitment amount to . These loans are evidenced by two promissory notes which are non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation by the Company of a business combination, without an option of the Sponsor to convert any amount outstanding thereunder upon completion of a business combination into warrants. In March 2023, a total of was repaid on the working capital loans and a total of was forgiven by the Sponsor. Company s Initial Public Offering and Search for a Target The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering became effective on July 15, 2020. On July 20, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. 
 F-8 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to HPX Capital Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs, of which were allocated to the warrants and charged to expense during the year ended December 31, 2020. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 20, 2020, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The New York Stock Exchange rules require that a Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination, including the Proposed Business Combination. The Company will provide the holders of the Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination, either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve a Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer, or upon a request to extend the Combination Period, as described below. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account (initially per share) as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations, if any. The per-share amount to be distributed to the Public Shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commission, of at least upon such completion of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor and any other holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares prior to the Initial Public Offering (the initial shareholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination and to waive their redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination. Additionally, subject to the immediately succeeding 
 F-9 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination (and not seek to sell its shares to the Company in any tender offer the Company undertakes in connection with its initial Business Combination) and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum of Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, certain shareholders of the Company, owning, in the aggregate, Class A ordinary shares (each, a Non-Redeeming Shareholder ), have entered into non-redemption agreements (each, a Non-Redemption Agreement with the Company and New PubCo. The Company and the Sponsor are named third-party beneficiaries under the Shareholder Non-Redemption Agreements. In the event that the Business Combination Agreement is not consummated, and the Company does not complete a business combination before March 31, 2023, the Non-Redemption Agreement will no longer apply (as discussed in Shareholder Non-Redemption Agreements). The Company initially had until July 20, 2022 to consummate a Business Combination. However, pursuant to the Combination Period Extensions mentioned above, the Company now will have until March 31, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). However, if the Company has not completed a Business Combination, including the Proposed Business Combination, within the Combination Period, as may be extended from time to time by the Company as a result of a shareholder vote to amend its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Extension Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Founder Shares or the Private Placement Warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or any Extension Period. The Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or any Extension Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its respective affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or any Extension Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or any Extension Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 
 F-10 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Risks and Uncertainties In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result, various nations, including the United States, have imposed economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and the related sanctions on the world economy, and the specific impacts on the Company s financial position, results of operations and its ability to identify and complete an initial business combination are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Liquidity As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank accounts, in cash held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares (see Note 1 for redemptions made in July and November 2022) in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of (which includes a liability for the borrowing as described below). As discussed in Note 5, on June 24, 2022, the Company entered into promissory notes with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of (the Working Capital Note ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and outstanding under the Working Capital Note. On January 17, 2023, the Company entered into an additional promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of . On January 17, 2023, was drawn down. On March 3, 2023, HPX entered into a Debt Forgiveness Agreement with the Sponsors, which includes forgiveness of out of the amount of the Working Capital Note that was outstanding on that date (See Note 5 and Note 10). The Sponsor also forgave of administrative fees of which was accrued as of December 31, 2022, and an additional was accrued for each of January and February 2023). On March 3, 2023, the previously announced Business Combination was consummated and the funds held in Trust were used to settle Business Combination and other expenses of the Company. 
 F-11 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 outstanding under Deferred Legal Fees. 
 F-12 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-13 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares and the Company has not incurred any taxes or permitted expenses that could be withdrawn from the Trust Account. Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A ordinary shares issuance costs ) Plus: Initial remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Subsequent remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Total remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, December 31, 2021 Less: Redemption of Class A ordinary shares on July 14, 2022 ) ) Redemption of Class A ordinary shares on November 3, 2022 ) ) Plus: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 
 F-14 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was for the periods presented. Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any other dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share is the same as basic net (loss) income per ordinary share for the periods presented. ) Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share ) ) . The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 
 F-15 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase an additional Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 8). Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant from the Company in a private placement, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). Proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or any Extension Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. of the Company s Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate consideration of . On June 25, 2020, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to each of its independent director nominees at their original per-share purchase price. On July 15, 2020, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in the initial shareholders holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. However, on December 3, 2020, Fabio Mour o resigned as a director of our board of directors and forfeited Founder Shares to the Company for no consideration and, as a result, since then the initial shareholders hold an aggregate of Founder Shares.All share and per-share amounts have been restated to reflect the share capitalization. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised, so that the Founder Shares would equal of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its over-allotment option on July 16, 2020, Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. On July 23, 2021, a former director and a newly appointed director entered into a Securities Assignment Agreement (the Securities Assignment Agreement ). The terms of the Securities Assignment Agreement specified that the former director transfer the Founder Shares granted to him on June 25, 2020 to the newly appointed director, which the Company has treated as the cancellation of an existing award and the issuance of a new award. 
 F-16 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. In the event that the Business Combination Agreement is not consummated, and the Company does not complete a business combination before March 31, 2023, the Non-Redemption Agreement will no longer apply (as discussed in Shareholder Non-Redemption Agreements of Note 1). Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on July 16, 2020, the Company will pay the Sponsor up to per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred in fees for these services. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, of such fees included within accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets (See Note 10). Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. On June 24, 2022, the Company entered into promissory notes with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of (the Working Capital Note ). The Working Capital Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination or the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, all amounts loaned to the Company in connection with these loans will be forgiven except to the extent that the Company has funds available to it outside of its Trust Account; however, proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. The Working Capital Note is not convertible. On November 30, 2022, under the terms of the Working Capital Note, the Sponsor loaned to the Company an additional aggregate of for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and outstanding under the Working Capital Note. On January 17, 2023, the Company entered into an additional promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of . On January 17, 2023, was drawn down. As more fully described in Note 10, on March 3, 2023, HPX entered into a Debt Forgiveness Agreement with the Sponsors, which 
 F-17 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 out of the amount of the Working Capital Note that was outstanding on that date. The Sponsor also forgave 315,00 of administrative fees. demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Of such deferred fee amount, up to approximately per Unit, or up to , may be paid to third parties who did not participate in the Initial Public Offering (but who are members of FINRA or regulated broker-dealers) that assist the Company in consummating a Business Combination. The election to make such payments to third parties will be solely at the discretion of the Company s management team, and such third parties will be selected by the Company s management team in its sole and absolute discretion. On August 19, 2022, the Company and underwriter executed a waiver letter confirming the underwriter s resignation and waiver of its entitlement to the payment of deferred fee under the terms of the underwriting agreement. As a result, the Company recognized of other income and was recorded to additional paid-in capital in relation to the waiver of the deferred underwriter fee in the accompanying financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred underwriting fee payable is and , respectively. Consulting Arrangements The Company has arrangements with a consultant to provide services to the Company relating to market and industry analyses, assistance with due diligence, and financial modeling and valuation of potential targets. The Company agreed to pay the service provider a fee of BRL per month (approximately per month). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and of consulting fees, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and of such fees included within accrued expenses in the balance sheets, respectively. Restricted Stock Unit Award In July 2021, pursuant to a Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated July 23, 2021, between the Company and a director, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock units RSUs to a director. The RSUs will vest upon the consummation of such Business Combination and represent non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares of the Company that will settle on a date as soon 
 F-18 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 after vesting. Issuance of the shares underlying the RSUs are also subject to the future approval of an equity incentive plan. The RSUs to be granted by the Company are in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The RSUs to be granted are subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the RSUs is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have a shareholder approved equity plan and also determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of RSUs times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified). Contingent Fee Arrangement On June 27, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a vendor to provide advisory services in connection with a potential Business Combination. The agreement calls for the Company to pay a fee of upon the closing of a business combination. If the Business Combination is not consummated for any reason, no fee is payable under this agreement. The Company recognized this fee upon consummation of the business combination. preference shares with a par value of . The Company s board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. The board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding , respectively, all of which were subject to possible redemption and reported as temporary equity. The shares balance at December 31, 2022 excludes a total of Class A ordinary shares redeemed on July 14, 2022 and November 3, 2022 Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as otherwise required by law. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus the number of Class A ordinary shares 
 F-19 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 -for-one basis , unless agreed to by the holders of these shares. Public Warrants outstanding, with each Public Warrant enabling the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per share. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use it commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are, at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds . Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per Public Warrant; upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted). 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds . Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; 
 F-20 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares; if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted); and if the Reference Value is less than per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or any Extension Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the completion of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Private Placement Warrants outstanding with each Private Placement Warrant exercisable for Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Conversion of warrants as a result of the consummation of the Business Combination. At the time HPX was merged with and into New PubCo, each Public Warrant and Private Placement Warrant outstanding after the Recapitalization (as defined below) was converted into warrant to purchase one New PubCo Class A ordinary share (a New PubCo Warrant (see Note 1) at an exercise price of per share, subject to the same terms and conditions existing prior to such conversion. 
 F-21 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Marketable securities held in Trust Account 1 Liabilities: Warrant Liability Public Warrants 1 Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 2 Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 3 PIPE derivative liability 3 The Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented in the statements of operations. The Private Placement Warrants were initially valued using a binomial lattice model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The binomial lattice model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants is the expected volatility of the ordinary shares. The expected volatility as of the Initial Public Offering date was derived from observable public warrant pricing on comparable blank-check companies without an identified target. The expected volatility as of subsequent valuation dates was implied from the Company s own Public Warrant pricing. Beginning on March 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2022, the Private Placement Warrants are classified as Level 2 due to the use of a quoted price in an active market for a similar liability. 
 F-22 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Share price Volatility Term Risk-free rate Dividend yield The following table presents the changes in the fair value of Level 3 warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021: Change in fair value ) Transfer to Level 2 ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of private placement warrants were transferred from level 3 to level 2 classification.There were transfers in or out of Level 3 for the year ended 2021. The PIPE derivative liability was accounted for as a liability in accordance with ASC 815-40, measured at fair value at initial measurement date and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented in the statements of operations. The Downside Protection Shares were initially and as of December 31, 2022, valued using a Monte Carlo model which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the PIPE derivative liability is the expected volatility of the Company s ordinary shares. The expected volatility of the Company s ordinary shares was determined based on the Cboe Volatility Index VIX ). 
 F-23 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Price CPI adjusted at measurement date Days to expire (number of business days) Fraction of a year (years) Risk-free rate Dividend yield Historical volatility Accumulated expected inflation Block trade fee Illiquidity discount The below table presents the changes in the fair value of PIPE derivative liability Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of December 31, 2022 (the Note ). On January 17, 2023, was drawn down. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination or the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, all amounts loaned to the Company in connection with these loans will be forgiven except to the extent that the Company has funds available to it outside of its Trust Account; however, proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. The Note is not convertible. Forgiveness of Promissory Note On March 3, 2023, HPX entered into a Debt Forgiveness Agreement with the Sponsors, whereby the Sponsors agreed to forgive out of a total of debt owing to the Sponsor by the Company. The total debt of comprised of promissory notes and of administrative fees earned by the Sponsor through March 3, 2023 (see Note 5). A total of of administrative fees and of promissory note was forgiven. Recapitalization On March 3, 2023, in anticipation of the close of the Business Combination, the Company cancelled all outstanding Class B ordinary shares and all outstanding private warrants. Further, the Company issued to the Sponsor, in exchange for these cancelled shares and warrants, an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares at a par value of per share and an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants (the Recapitalization ). 
 F-24 

0 Table of Contents HPX Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Class A ordinary shares validly elected to redeem their public shares for an aggregate redemption amount of , leaving Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon consummation of the Business Combination, all of which were converted as described below. On March 3, 2023 (the Closing Date ), the previously announced Business Combination was consummated by and among Ambipar Emergency Response AMBI ), the Company, Ambipar Merger Sub, Emerg ncia Participa es S.A., and Ambipar Participa es e Empreendimentos S.A. On the Closing Date, (i) HPX merged with and into AMBI, with AMBI as the surviving entity (the First Merger and (ii) immediately after the First Merger, Merger Sub merged with and into AMBI, with AMBI as the surviving entity. NYSE American LLC delisted the securities of the Company on March 17, 2023 and the Company filed a Form 15 to terminate its duty to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) Exhibits 

No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 (1) Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. 4.1 (1) Warrant Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 4.2 (2) Description of the Company s Securities 10.1 (1) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors. 10.2 (1) Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 10.3 (1) Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders named therein. 10.4 (1) Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and the Sponsor. 10.5 (1) Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and the Sponsor. 10.6 (1) Indemnity Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Carlos Piani. 10.7 (1) Indemnity Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Bernardo Hees. 10.8 (1) Indemnity Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Rodrigo Xavier. 10.9 (1) Indemnity Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Marcos Peigo. 10.11 (1) Indemnity Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Marco Kheirallah. 10.12 (1) Indemnity Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Salete Pinheiro. 10.13 (3) Indemnity Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Wolney Betiol. 10.14 (3) Indemnity Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Company and Mr. Rafael Grisolia. 14.01 (2) Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of HPX Corp. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished. (1) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. (2) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. (3) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 14, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HPX CORP. Date: July 26, 2023 /s/ Carlos Piani By: Carlos Piani Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Carlos Piani Name: Carlos Piani Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) Date: July 26, 2023 /s/ Bernardo Hees Name: Bernardo Hees Title: Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors Date: July 26, 2023 /s/ Rodrigo Xavier Name: Rodrigo Xavier Title: Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors Date: July 26, 2023 /s/ Marcos Piego Name: Marcos Piego Title: Director Date: July 26, 2023 Name: Salete Pinheiro Title: Director Date: Name: Wolney Betiol Title: Director Date: Name: Rafael Grisiola Title: Director Date: 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tmb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Carlos Piani, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HPX Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: July 26, 2023 

/s/ Carlos Piani Carlos Piani Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 tmb-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of HPX Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: July 26, 2023 

/s/ Carlos Piani Carlos Piani Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 tmb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 tmb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 tmb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 tmb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

