<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230913_10-K_edgar_data_1434601_0001683168-23-006397.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3904570</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>168560</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>757459</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1123910</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>756474</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>981702</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-006397.hdr.sgml : 20230913
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230913165448
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-006397
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230913
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230913

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Marquie Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434601
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		IRS NUMBER:				262091212
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54163
		FILM NUMBER:		231253264

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3225 MCLEOD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-351-3021

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3225 MCLEOD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZHONG SEN INTERNATIONAL TEA Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MUSIC OF YOUR LIFE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130805

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZHONG SEN INTERNATIONAL TEA CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-006397.txt : 20230913

10-K
 1
 marquie_i10k-053123.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM 

Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 
 
 For the year ended , 2023 

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________. 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of exchange on which registered 

OTC Markets 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the e ffectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b))
by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial
statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Based on the closing price of our common stock
as listed on the OTC Bulletin Board, the aggregate market value of the common stock of The Marquie Group, Inc. held by non-affiliates
as of September 12, 2023, was . 

As of September 12, 2023, there were shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE :
None. 

2 

THE MARQUIE GROUP, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 2023 FORM
10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 4 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 18 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART II 
 
 20 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuers Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 22 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 54 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 55 

PART III 
 
 56 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 56 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 58 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters 
 59 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 61 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 61 

PART IV 
 
 62 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 62 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 62 

3 

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, all references in this annual report to The Marquie Group , TMGI or the company, 
including references to The Marquie Group by we us our and its refer to The Marquie
Group, Inc., and our subsidiaries. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
Marquie Group makes forward-looking statements from time to time in both written reports (including this annual report)
and oral statements, within the meaning of federal and state securities laws. Disclosures that use words such as the company believes, 
 anticipates, estimates, expects, intends, will, may, 
 intends, could, would, should, seeks, predicts, or
 plans and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, as defined under the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

You should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our expectations based upon data available to the company as of the date of
this annual report. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from expectations. Except as required by law, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
made in this annual report. Any such forward-looking statements, whether made in this annual report or elsewhere, should be considered
in context with the various disclosures made by Salem about its business. These projections and other forward-looking statements fall
under the safe harbors of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Relationship with
Music of Your Life, Inc. (MOYL) 

As
of May 31, 2023, TMGI beneficially owned 100 of the outstanding shares of MOYL common stock. MOYL is the longest running syndicated radio
network in the world. MOYL provides radio programming 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to AM, FM, and HD stations across the United States,
and around the world over the internet. 

Relationship with
Simply Whim, Inc. (Whim) 

As
of May 31, 2023, TMGI beneficially owned 25 of the outstanding shares of Whim common stock. Whim is a direct to consumer, emerging skin
care brand dedicated to high quality, safe and efficacious beauty enhancing products. 

Relationship with
Global Holdings Experience, Inc. (GNX) 

As
of May 31, 2023, TMGI beneficially owned 100 of the outstanding shares of GNX common stock. The GNE business plan is to license intellectual
property to third parties. 

Relationship with
AminoMints, Inc. (AMI) 

On
April 21, 2023, we announced a joint venture / acquisition with AminoMints, Inc. with terms to be determined in the near future. AminoMints
is an established brand of amino acids in mint form directed toward young adults as an entry toward a healthier lifestyle by incorporating
amino acids in your diet as a daily regimen toward better health and cancer prevention. 

4 

Corporate Information 

The Marquie Group, Inc. is
an emerging direct-to-consumer firm specializing in marketing, product development, and media, including a dynamic radio and digital network.
We craft and promote top-tier health and beauty solutions that enrich lives, showcased through engaging radio content for our audience. 

We
have three operating segments: (1) Broadcast, (2) Digital Media, and (3) Health and Beauty, which also qualify as reportable segments.
Our operating segments reflect how we assess the performance of each operating segment and determine the appropriate allocations of resources
to each segment. We continually review our operating segment classifications to align with operational changes in our business and may
make changes as necessary. 

We
measure and evaluate our operating segments based on operating income and operating expenses that do not include allocations of costs
related to corporate functions, such as accounting and finance, human resources, legal, tax and treasury, which are reported as unallocated
corporate expenses in our consolidated statements of operations included in this annual report. We also exclude costs such as amortization,
depreciation, taxes, and interest expense when evaluating the performance of our operating segments. 

Our filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC are available free of charge under the Investor Relations section of our website at www.themarquiegroup.com
as soon as reasonably practical after electronically filed. Any information found on our website is not a part of or incorporated by reference
into this annual report or any other report of TMGI filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

Business Strategy 

Covid-19 had a devastating
impact on our company starting in 2020. We lost all advertising revenue, we lost several on-air personalities to illness, and our production
facilities were shut down. We returned to the drawing board to create a new marketing plan for success, which took a couple years to implement.
It was a big undertaking reinvent the business by adding tangible goods and services to improve the company s current revenue
stream associated with radio advertising while at the same time, create a new stand-alone profitable enterprise. Implementing this new
plan required recapitalizing the company to attract a business in-line with our model. We entered into an agreement with a new investor,
paid-off most of our old debt, and found an S-1 investor. This giant pivot led to our first acquisition with Simply Whim and their Whim 
line of products. The company is now heading in the right direction with this new philosophy. 

We are fundamentally committed
to providing products which use only safe and efficacious ingredients for health of the entire person at the cellular level, with emphasis
on anti-aging and cancer prevention, using only products manufactured in the United States while adhering to strict global standards.
Our commitment to these values means that we may choose not to switch to other products or ingredients or pursue potentially more profitable
opportunities. We advertise these products across our broadcast network including local radio stations, streaming over the internet, downloadable
podcast style programs, and social media. 

The Marquie Group 

The Marquie Group manages
corporate governance of its wholly owned subsidiaries, secures financing for operations, seeks-out products and companies for acquisition
and implements the marketing plan of the company to increase profitability. To meet these objectives, TMGI recently acquired a 25 stake
in Simply Whim, Inc., which encompasses the Whim Inner and Outer Nutrition line of health and beauty products. The Whim product line is
designed to address modern skin nutrition and beauty challenges, using a safe, proprietary blend of amino acids, antioxidants, and other
nature-derived ingredients. 

5 

By
utilizing our wholly owned subsidiary, Music of Your Life - a renowned radio brand and syndicated broadcast network - we advertise
both our own products, and those of other businesses using 60-second radio commercials airing every hour on the network and heard around
the country on our affiliated radio stations while simulcast over the internet. The company's primary objective is to develop or acquire
captivating brands that can be successfully advertised on our broadcast radio network, our digital media platform and promoted through
our extensive social media network of more than 500,000 followers. Whim products are also sold on our simplywhim.com
 website, our Public Square webstore, and our new Amazon webstore. 

Music of Your Life 

Music of Your Life produces
and delivers radio programming to affiliated AM, FM, and HD radio stations across the country and around the world over the internet.
Since our launch in 1978, Music of Your Life has been broadcasting more than 400,000 hours making it the longest running non-stop radio
program in the world. Terrestrial radio stations from around the country carry Music of Your Life programming on an advertising barter
arrangement whereby Music of Your Life owns three minutes per hour for network commercials which are aired by the station in that city.
This gives us direct access to our listeners at a local level to advertise our goods and services. The same Music of Your Life broadcast
heard on local radio, is also simulcast over the internet, and heard around the world to more than 90-countries. We own 12 minutes of
advertising time over the internet allowing us to reach our listeners on a national level. Music of Your Life is an automated delivery
of live recordings. Several moving parts must come together seamlessly to deliver smooth sounding broadcast free of technical
issues, including compelling programming delivered by announcers. Once the show leaves the studio, significant layers of technology are
employed right up the point the sound is heard by the listener on either their car radio, portable radio, cell phone, computer, or intelligent
television. 

Our
Music of Your Life song catalogue is compiled of more than 100,000 titles. Many of these songs include difficult to find older recordings
that originated on long play records (LP s) which date back to the turn of the 20 th century. We also have our entire
catalogue on several hundred reel-to-reel tapes which preserve the high quality of the originals. We have transferred much of this music
to a lossless digital format known as the Waveform Audio File Format (WAV). These WAV files are of a very large size and take up tremendous
hard drive space, therefore, we have converted our entire catalogue to the MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3
 format MP3). Advancing software and hardware technology in the music space has reached
a pinnacle with a recent lossless format called FLAC, or Free Lossless Audio
Codec. This technology offers amazing CD or WAV quality specifications in a small file size. An effort is underway to convert the entire
Music of Your Life catalogue from the original source material to the FLAC format offering our listeners a much-improved experience which
cannot be found on any free streaming service today. 

Looking ahead, we have an
ambitious sales forecast for the growth of Music of Your Life, positioning it as the definitive podcast destination for the Great American
Songbook, spanning iconic hits from the 1920s to the early 21st century. Leveraging cutting-edge audio reproduction and broadcasting technology,
we aim to offer an unparalleled listening experience that outshines any of our competitors' offerings, regardless of price point. 

To further enrich our network's
entertainment offerings, we'll be launching an extended version of our already popular Celebrity Radio podcast. This revamped edition
will not only include high-quality audio but will also feature added video content, attracting a diverse array of guests from the music
industry, radio, film, television, and social media. Sales projections indicate a considerable uptick in engagement and sponsorship opportunities
as a result. 

Additionally, we plan to extend
our Street Talk feature into the podcasting space, with episodes slated to feature timely conversations with influential personalities
and industry leaders who shape the financial markets. We anticipate that this diversification will contribute significantly to our revenue
streams in the coming years. 

Affiliates . We have affiliate radio station affiliates located in: New York City, NY;
Los Angeles, CA; Tampa Bay, FL; Clearwater, FL; San Francisco, CA; Kansas City, KS; St. Louis, MO; and Celina, OH. 

6 

Simulcast. Our daily broadcast show simulcast is delivered over the internet to more
than 90-countries. 
 
 Programming . We arrange our music programming into various dayparts including
 Adult Standards , Decades of Hits , 50 s at 5 , 60 s at 6 , 70 s
at 7 , and Juke Box Saturday Night. 
 
 Audio Technology . We use the Barix internet audio distribution system including their
 Reflector service for radio station affiliates (provides audio tone triggers for local automation computers). 
 
 Streaming Technology . We use the Digital Ocean node system for backhauling our packet
data directly from our broadcast automation system to Reflector. This provides a 99.99 uptime environment with very little packet loss,
and low latency resulting in very high-quality audio throughput. We stream at a bitrate of 320 kbs. 
 
 Internet Technology. We use high-speed fiber optic internet from Frontier Cable Business
for a 99.99 uptime internet connection. 
 
 Computer and Automation Technology. We use a computer system running Windows 11 with
Station Playlist Studio Radio Automation System. We employ a full, redundant backup system for system failures. 
 
 Podcast Shows . We produce three podcasts: Celebrity Radio featuring interviews
with some of Hollywood s legacy entertainers; Collusion Radio a politically charged conversation about the current state
of affairs of our country; and Street Talk financial conversations about the dealings of Wall Street. 
 
 Music . We have a catalogue of more than 100,000 songs from the early 1900 s to
present day. Most of our music has been ripped from original sources such as long play records (LP s) or compact disks (CD s.)
to WAV, AIFF and MP3 files. Because of improving internet broadcast technology, we have started the process of converting our original
music files to the FLAC lossless codec for an unbeatable sound quality. 

Simply Whim 

Whim is a rising beauty
brand committed to delivering high-quality, safe, and effective beauty products, formulated through a fusion of Nature, Nutrition, and
Science. Established to fill the gap in an industry lacking adequate standards and regulations, Whim is a response to a pressing
need for safer, more transparent options in the beauty sector. Our founder, a 3-time cancer survivor who is currently undergoing treatment
for her latest diagnosis, leverages her decades-long experience in the industry to create products that meet a higher standard. She is
acutely aware that U.S. regulations for beauty products lag far behind those of many other countries, allowing the use of ingredients
that are considered toxic, carcinogenic, and hormone-disrupting elsewhere. Proudly made and sold exclusively in the USA, Whim is
set to redefine beauty norms by offering conscientious choices for consumers. 

As we look ahead, we are optimistic
about our sales prospects. Our sales forecast for the next year anticipates a robust growth, reflecting the increasing consumer demand
for safer, high-quality beauty solutions. We are committed to not just meeting but exceeding these expectations as we continue to innovate
and expand our product range. 

Whim Beauty Products 

Age Defying Moisturizer 
 Illuminating Eye Treatment 
 
 Multi-Action Exfoliating Scrub 
 Polishing Cleanser 
 
 Youth Boosting Serum 
 Antioxidant Serum 
 
 Hush Beauty Sleep Blend 
 Harmony Multi-Vitamin Beauty Complex 
 
 Boost Hydrolyzed Collagen Peptide Powder 
 AminoMints - under reformulation 
 
 Whim Gummies - under development 
 VitaWhims - under development 

7 

VitaWhims 

We are currently in the process
of developing VitaWhims , a new line of sugar-free vitamin gummies, designed as a part of our Whim Inner Nutrition health and
beauty collection. This forthcoming addition is intended to replace our existing Whim sleep aid, Hush, and our beauty supplement,
Harmony. Meticulously crafted without sugar, corn syrup, dyes, or any unhealthy fillers, our gummies are designed to cater to a specific
need. Recently, the nutritional gummy sector in the United States has witnessed remarkable growth, yet the demand for sugar-free options
remains largely unfulfilled. VitaWhims is tactically positioned to bridge this gap with a mid-2024 launch. We anticipate the introduction
of VitaWhims will substantially boost our revenue, capitalizing on the burgeoning demand for health-conscious, sugar-free options
in the nutritional supplement market. 

AminoMints 

Our recent collaboration with
AminoMints, Inc. signifies our foray into the cancer prevention market, leveraging evidence-based supplements and ingredients bolstered
by clinical trials, medical research, and substantiated outcomes. AminoMints, scheduled for launch in mid-2024, are concocted with a special
mix of essential amino acids, proven to confer numerous health advantages such as augmented muscle development, bettered cognitive function,
and a strengthened immune system. Importantly, these amino acids have demonstrated considerable promise in inhibiting cancer cell proliferation
and boosting the effectiveness of standard cancer therapies. While AminoMints are not designed to supplant medical interventions, they
serve as a handy and scientifically endorsed supplementary alternative for those seeking to maximize their overall wellness and bolster
their body's innate cancer-fighting capabilities. With AminoMints, we deliver an innovative solution, underpinned by science, directly
to your pocket. Looking ahead, our sales forecast for next year reflects an optimistic outlook, given the groundbreaking nature of this
product and the increasing demand for supplementary options in cancer prevention. We anticipate a strong market response and robust sales
growth following the product launch, as we contribute to the global effort to combat cancer. 

Our History 

Our company was incorporated
on January 30, 2008, in the State of Florida, as Maximum Consulting, Inc. and shortly thereafter changed its name to ZhongSen International
Tea Company, with the principal business objective of providing sales and marketing consulting services to small to medium sized Chinese
tea producing companies. On May 31, 2013, our Company entered into an acquisition agreement (the Acquisition with Music
of Your Life, Inc., a Nevada corporation MOYL Nevada ). As a result of the Acquisition, MOYL Nevada became a wholly owned
subsidiary of our Company. We changed our name to Music of Your Life, Inc. effective July 26, 2013. On August 16, 2018, we merged into
The Marquie Group, Inc., changed our name and adopted the ticker symbol TMGI . (see below). 

Covid Pandemic of 2020 

The Marquie Group was deeply
affected by the outbreak of Covid beginning in 2020. Just as we executed our new plan for growth under the recent name change and restructure,
our subsidiary Music of Your Life, lost its revenue due to the shutdown of its advertising agency, Marketing Architects. Both of our senior
announcers, who had been on the air for decades with top nationwide ratings, contracted the disease and could not return to work, one
has since passed. Our remote announcers lost access to their recording studios. The new partnership with Simply Whim faltered as the company
could not fill orders or build inventory due to the loss of all supply chain elements. The owner of Simply Whim suffered a heart attack
and subsequently diagnosed with Stage IV breast cancer in mid-2020. She began the long, difficult journey of surgeries and chemotherapy
which continues to this day. The decision was made to push-on and implement a short-term emergency plan for the company which included
airing previously recorded programming for Music of Your Life, and source alternate packaging locally for the Whim products. The net result
for the following two and a half years was a complete loss of revenue, adding convertible debt for operations, and another capital restructure. 

The 25 acquisition of Simply
Whim was implemented for us to have more control of the company, access capital markets, and move the Whim products to market more expeditiously.
The new plan is working, and we have emerged in 2023 with new life. Supply chains have reopened, wholesale goods are no longer backordered,
and customer orders are being filled. Whim products are currently advertised on the Music of Your Life radio network, our new Public Square
store is launching in September 2023 with our new Amazon Marketplace store to follow in October. We have engaged the services of the well-known
social media influencers, The Gemini Group for a September social media campaign launch and have engaged the services of the Amazon Marketplace
media team at Social Influence for an October launch. 

8 

Music of Your Life 

The Early Years 

The Music of Your Life s
legacy in the radio and music industry began with its launch on January 1, 1978, by Al Ham, a renowned CBS Records executive and jingle
writer. This event, which took place on WDJZ radio station in Bridgeport, Connecticut, marked the beginning of the world's longest running
syndicated music radio network. Over time, the music programming evolved from its traditional Adult Standards music format to include
hits from the 60 s, 70 s, and contemporary genres such as pop, rock roll, country, and jazz segmented into various dayparts. 

Record Breaking Longevity 

Since its inception, Music
of Your Life has aired over 400,000 hours of continuous radio programming, servicing more than 250 AM, FM, and HD radio stations in the
U.S. The global reach of the network expanded over the past 10 years, reaching 90 countries through online streaming from our website
and a host of third-party service providers. A Guinness Book of World Records application was filed in mid 2023 for a listing as the Longest
Continuous Broadcast of a Radio Network. 

Intellectual Property 

In 1984, the network's theme
song, originally sung by the legendary Tony Bennett, received recognition from the US Patent and Trademark Office, becoming one of the
first sound recordings to be trademarked. Also in 1984, our partnership with CBS Records also led to the production of numerous Music
of Your Life record albums and cassette tapes featuring top recording artists. In 2010, Music of Your Life, Inc. acquired the Music of
Your Life trademarks for 250,000. 

One-of-a-Kind Programming 

One unique feature developed
by the founder was having recorded messages by the stars whose songs were being played. Known as The Stars Who Play the Stars ,
a phrase coined by the legendary announcer, Gary Owens. These recorded messages, known as liners , can still be heard today,
featuring voices from celebrities like Frank Sinatra, Barry Manilow, Danny DeVito, Kim Bassinger, among others. 

Streaming Accessibility 

Our network is accessible
across nearly every streaming platform including Apple's iTunes, Tune-In, Shoutcast, Roku, YouTube, as well as on iPhones, iPads, Apple
TV, CarPlay, and Android devices. We have an estimated audience of approximately 100,000 unique listeners per month across all platforms. 

Celebrity Announcers 

Our Stars who Play the
Stars on-air lineup has featured various past and present celebrity DJs, enhancing our audience appeal, including shows hosted by
1950 s crooner Pat Boone, Peter Marshall from Hollywood Squares, Laugh-In s Gary Owens, singer Patty Page, game show superstar
Wink Martindale, big band leader Les Brown, Jr., Steve Torme, son of Mel, radio legends Johnny Magnus and Chuck Southcott. 

9 

Record Breaking Listener Trends 

Over the years, the network
gained significant traction, with more than 250 stations adopting Music of Your Life's format. Al Ham's innovative matched-flow
sequencing for song arrangement contributed significantly to our audience retention, keeping listeners tuned in for up to 15 hours
a day, 5-times the national average. 

Satellite Radio and Cutting-Edge Technology 

In 1996, we relaunched as
a satellite-delivered service, enhancing our competitive edge against similar offerings from rivals like Westwood One and ABC Radio Networks.
By harnessing technological advances, we transitioned from satellite to the Barix internet distribution system, achieving noticeable improvements
in audio quality and a significant cost savings. Changes in FCC rules also allowed for simultaneous broadcasting on FM frequencies, further
expanding our audience reach. Today, Music of Your Life has a strong presence across multiple AM, FM, HD radio stations, and worldwide
online streaming platforms. 

Live Performances, Cruise Ship Entertainment,
TV Shows, Time Life Box Sets, CBS Records and More 

Alongside our on-air success,
our music was also promoted through live performances, featuring iconic big bands and artists, and special events such as the Music of
Your Life television special on CBS Television. Our network's influence also extended to product offerings such as Music of Your Life
CDs, Time Life-issued multi-CD box sets, and a Music of Your Life television special produced by PBS in 2016. For more than 10 years,
Carnival Cruise Lines hosted the Music of Your Life Celebrity Cruise to the Bahamas. Despite the challenges posed by the digital revolution
in music and radio advertising, we've continued to adapt and evolve. The Time Life - Music of Your Life collaboration, featuring Debbie
Boone and Peter Marshall is one of the most successful boxsets in the iconic brand s history. 

Management Reboot and Brand Resilience 

We've continually adapted
our offerings, introducing contemporary artists and swing bands to our programming, thereby ensuring our content remains relevant to our
audience. Despite facing challenges in the late 2000 s due to management issues, The Marquie Group took decisive action. In 2010,
we underwent a significant restructuring under the leadership of Marc Angell, who revamped operations, improved programming, and revitalized
the Music of Your Life brand. We strategized a plan to partner with companies or acquire products that we could market directly to the
consumer using our network radio reach, thereby bypassing the traditional ad agency model, and sharing directly in revenue. This strategic
shift led to the acquisition of Simply Whim, an emerging health and beauty company dedicated to high quality, safe and efficacious beauty
enhancing products marketed under their popular Whim brand. 

New Advertising Agency 

We ve replaced the ad
agency lost to covid with MSH Marketing starting July 2023. MSH specializes in pay-per-call or listener response revenue model. We expect
to see revenue from this new opportunity during the 4 th quarter 2023. 

The Marquie Group 

New Direction 

Challenged by a spike in music
licensing fees and a decline in conventional radio advertising rates, formats, and prospects, we faced hurdles in maintaining a revenue
stream with our Music of Your Life syndicated radio service. As a strategy to overcome these challenges, we investigated direct collaborations
of products, and or acquisitions of companies with products for marketing with radio advertisements across our radio network. This led
to the merger with The Marquie Group, a DTC (direct-to-consumer) sales and marketing company which holds exclusive licensing rights to
an array of products, including those crafted by Simply Whim. One prominent offering from Simply Whim is the Whim beauty line
 a brand focused on providing quality, safety, and effective beauty enhancement products. In 2022, the Company initiated marketing
for the Whim products using the Music of Your Life radio network, primarily through a sequence of radio ads. 

10 

2023 marks the beginning of
our venture into the arena of cancer prevention through safe, effective, and scientifically proven supplements. To implement this plan,
we began with a joint venture with AminoMints, Inc. and their AminoMints brand. We are currently reformulating the AminoMints product
to enhance its cancer prevention properties. Reformulated AminoMints contains specific amino acids that have been scientifically proven
to inhibit the growth of cancer cells by disrupting their metabolic pathways and starving them of the nutrients they need to proliferate.
Generally, Amino acids play a crucial role in the development and maintenance of the immune system. AminoMints helps to enhance the
immune response, enabling the body to fight cancer cells more effectively. 

In the coming months and years,
we plan additional product development, joint ventures, and acquisitions with a revolutionary approach to cancer care, harnessing the
power of amino acids to inhibit cancer growth, boost the immune system, enhance recovery, and promote overall well-being. 

Recapitalization 

On August 16, 2018, a merger
was cemented with The Marquie Group, Inc. (TMGI). The deal saw the issuance of 100,000 of our common stock shares to TMGI s shareholders.
Post-merger, the total common stock shares issued and standing tallied at 102,277. On December 5, 2018, there was an amendment and a redefinition
of the Company's Articles of Incorporation. This change transitioned the Company's name from Music of Your Life, Inc. to The
Marquie Group, Inc. A symbol change with FINRA occurred on February 22, 2018 moving from MYLI to TMGI. 
During this time, we funded the company using convertible debt instruments from several lenders. 

Simply Whim 

Entering the Multibillion Dollar Industry
of Personal Care 

The history of Simply Whim
and the Whim Brand begins with its founder, Jacquie Angell, a globally recognized expert in skincare with over two decades in the
beauty and wellness industry. Jacquie has introduced products in more than 90 countries around the world, taking advantage of the opportunity
to gain extensive knowledge on global product regulations, uses, and trends. 

Needs Based Solutions 

Jacquie's journey as a three-time
cancer survivor has inspired her mission to create effective, safe, and simple skincare products. Her current experience with chemotherapy
fuels her drive further. Her exposure to international regulations revealed to her that the US guidelines are far behind global standards.
This realization led to a deeper investigation of ingredients used in the American beauty industry. She found numerous toxic, carcinogenic,
and endocrine-disrupting ingredients in products, which posed significant health risks. Jacquie also identified the presence of ineffective
but seemingly attractive natural ingredients in many products. Whim aims to bridge the regulatory gap in the United States by adhering
to strict global ingredient regulations rather than just the FDA's list of banned substances. 

11 

On a Whim 

Motivated by these findings,
Jacquie committed herself to the development of products that enhance health and beauty without compromise. She created the Whim 
line to bridge the gap between Inner Health Outer Nutrition , firmly believing in the equal importance of what goes into and
onto the body. She strives to educate others that Age is Not a Skin Type and emphasizes the critical influence of lifestyle on skin
health and aging. Whim is dedicated to using only ingredients that either directly contribute to overall health and wellbeing or
enhance the integrity and effectiveness of its product formulations. Whim offers custom-blended products inspired by Nature, Nutrition,
and Science to combat aging, stress, and environmental factors while nourishing the body, mind, and soul holistically. Whim was conceived
out of a passionate necessity for higher industry standards and regulations regarding skincare ingredients. 

Our Strategy 

Our
primary objective is to provide high quality, safe and efficacious health and beauty products comporting with global regulations and guidelines
rather than the substandard, often dangerous guidelines set in the United States. We advertise these products on our expanding radio network,
Music of Your Life www.musicofyourlife.com , our webstore,
 simplywhim.com/all-products , and soon on Public
Square and Amazon. Our Philosophy - offer people of all ages uniquely crafted products with powerful ingredients derived from Nature,
Nutrition Science to enhance health and beauty. Made in the USA and sold only in the USA. 

Music of Your Life 

Our
strategy is centered on building strong consumer relationships across our multiple platforms with national reach. Moreover, we believe
that we can leverage our investments in innovative products and compelling intellectual property to better monetize our assets and to
capture increasing market share across the broader audience ecosystem. The key elements of this growth strategy are: 

Broadening the
scope of audio engagement 

1. We are expanding the spectrum of choices for our listeners-both in terms of compelling content and the
array of ways in which it can be consumed. 
 
 2. We have launched a new effort to attract terrestrial radio station affiliates which will not only increase
our listening audience in terms of time Average Quarter Hour (AQH) listening and geographical reach, but also the rates we can charge
third party vendors on the network. 
 
 3. We are launching new podcast style shows for broadcast on the network with access on the company website
and social media platforms utilizing our Collusion Radio and Celebrity Radio platforms. 
 
 4. We are launching a new short-format, pay-to-play 6-minute newscast using our trademarked Street
Talk platform for affiliates to fill-in their local availability. Street Talk will also launch as a financial podcast,
estimated for a fourth quarter 2023 launch. Street Talk will also be added to the digital podcast platform to attract advertising
dollars. 

Our
goal for 2023 2024 is to increase the proliferation of connected TVs, voice assistants, smart auto and other connected devices
which greatly increases the range of options for accessing and interacting with our content. Notably, our website musicofyourlife.com
is currently under a rebuild to expand and simplify our access to a range of platforms and devices including smart speakers, digital auto
dashes, tablets, wearables, smartphones, virtual assistants, televisions, and gaming consoles. include an all-in-one digital music, podcast,
and live streaming digital radio service, We are very focused on rapidly growing content categories, such as podcasting. These initiatives
not only improve the listener experience, but they also facilitate further engagement and heightened frequency of advertising impressions.
We believe that podcasting is to talk what streaming is to music and is the next strategic audio platform. Our developing podcasting platform
will allow us to capture incremental revenue as well as extend station brands, personalities, and events onto a new platform-ultimately
extending and deepening our consumer relationships and our opportunities for additional advertising revenue. 

12 

Employing technology
to gain greater penetration of advertising and listener reach. 

As
an indication of the size of the potential opportunity, we currently have approximately 350,000 total social media followers compared
to millions of followers for some of our largest social and search competitors that utilize technology solutions for advertisers of all
sizes. We will continue to enhance our monetization capabilities by utilizing the industry leading Triton Audio Marketplace, an innovative
global open audio exchange that allows customers to aggregate audiences at scale across broadcast, podcast, and streaming, and Triton
Digital, a global leader in digital audio advertising and measurement services. We plan to initiate the Triton services in the fourth
quarter of this year. 

Increasing share
of national advertising market. 

Broadcast
radio is the number one consumer reach medium, and advertisers have a renewed appreciation for its scale, diverse demographic access and
impact. We intend to complement our current local and national advertising presence in approximately 10 U.S. markets by further growing
our stake in national advertising campaigns through our multi-platform portfolio of audio assets, roster of on-air talent, and the amplifying
effect of our listeners' social engagement. As a result of our implementation of the Triton technology, national advertisers will be able
to look to our audio offerings with their extensive reach, efficient pricing, and digital-like analytics. 

Simply Whim 

We
are expanding our efforts to target beauty enthusiasts across multiple demographics and shopping behaviors. Beauty enthusiasts have a
deep emotional connection with beauty and develop brand loyalty when targeted with buying opportunities that reflect their social and
economic profile. 

Increasing
our understanding about how the consumer and beauty category are evolving, during the first quarter 2023 we refreshed our strategic efforts
to position Whim for continued success. We are focused on four key strategic pillars designed to increase our market presence, create
brand loyalty, and drive long-term profitable growth. 

Drive breakthrough
and disruptive growth through an expanded definition of Age is Not a Skin Type . 

Driving
the message that your chronological age does not define how your skin ages, rather, the way you treat your skin through your lifestyle
choices does, we are launching an advertising campaign our trademark Age is Not a Skin Type , a daily regimen of Whim products
combined with a good diet, exercise, and healthy habits will help keep you looking young and healthy, regardless of your age. 

Beauty
enthusiasts enjoy the experience of discovering and trying new products and increasingly include beauty as part of their self-care and
wellness journey. Reflecting these insights, our objective is to engage and continuously delight beauty enthusiasts with a curated, differentiated,
inclusive assortment focused on leading beauty and self-care trends. We are focused on maximizing growth in two core categories: Outer
Nutrition a full-suite of topical skincare products including face wash, scrubs, moisturizers, and serums; and Inner Nutrition
 a full-suite of ingestible nutrition products designed to drive growth of cross-category strategic platforms. 

Evolve the omnichannel
experience through connected physical and digital ecosystems. 

Recent
post-covid data trends confirm that beauty enthusiasts prefer to transact in physical stores, where they can discover and interact with
products and other beauty enthusiasts. At the same time, digital channels offer convenience, product reviews, and price transparency.
As a result, the guest journey is increasingly blurring across physical and digital channels. To drive greater guest engagement across
all channels, we intend to enter the physical space focusing on resort spas and high-volume retail such as Sephora and Ulta. We will continue
to differentiate our service offerings with our compelling story, healthy ingredients, and cleaver branding. We intend to grow our buy
anywhere, fill anywhere capabilities with the inclusion of our new Amazon Marketplace and Public Square storefronts for a wider reach
than a single point of purchase through our existing website SEO. Our objective is to deliver a cohesive, industry-leading omnichannel
experience that drives breakthrough engagement with our guests and unlocks the combined potential of our physical and digital channels. 

13 

Expand and deepen
our presence across the beauty journey, solidifying Whim as a Lifestyle Brand focused on Nature Nutrition and Science. 

Based
on our marketing trends, beauty enthusiasts have an emotional, personal, and deep connection with beauty. Social media contributes to
this connection, and we expect the influence and reach of beauty will continue to grow as engagement with social platforms increases.
To expand Whim s reach, relevancy, and buyer engagement, we intend to amplify our brand purpose; build a content ecosystem to deliver
compelling, relevant ingredient awareness; drive further innovation in our high quality, safe, and efficacious beauty enhancing products
to increase personalization, drive conversion, and support our brands. Our vision is to expand and deepen our presence across the beauty
journey to increase consumer acquisition and drive consumer engagement, loyalty, and share of wallet. 

Deeply committed
to our No Nasties philosophy across new product development platforms utilizing the strictest global regulations. 

Whim products are free of
parabens, phthalates, sulfates, artificial colors, and dyes. They re cruelty free, gluten free, and vegan friendly. We pride ourselves
in our selection of unique ingredients with a strong foundation in the principles of nutrition. We utilize the power of antioxidant vitamins,
amino acids, peptides, and plant-based botanicals from both land and sea. And our nutrition products are non-GMO, sugar free, fat free
and carb free. And contain no artificial colors or flavors. 

New product offerings play
a key role in brand awareness and customer loyalty. Dedicated to bolstering brand recognition across platforms, we aim to enrich our beauty
collection with innovative products. Our latest offering, VitaWhims a sugar-free multi-vitamin gummy, crafted in alignment
with the Whim philosophy. 

Intellectual Property 

A major factor in our growth
and success is based on labeling our goods and services with brands which easily identify with the consumer. Through our subsidiaries,
we have obtained exclusive licenses with the right of first refusal to multiple trademarks registered with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office (the USPTO and offer goods and services using these trademarks. 

We are currently negotiating
a concurrent use agreement with ULTA Beauty, the nation s largest beauty retailer, for the Whim trademark in Class 03. ULTA allowed
their Whim trademark to expire under the USPTO guidelines. Simply Whim CEO Jacquie Angell has successfully obtained multiple Whim trademarks
with the USPTO and is currently in discussions with ULTA legal representatives. 

The Marquie Group, Inc. 

1. AminoMints - License 
 
 2. AminoFizz License 
 
 3. Sanitea - License 
 
 4. Insanitea License 

14 

Music of Your Life, Inc. 

1. Music of Your Life 
 
 2. Celebrity Radio 
 
 3. Collusion Radio 
 
 4. Street Talk 

Simply Whim, Inc. 

1. Whim 
 
 2. Simply Whim Pending registration 
 
 3. Age is Not a Skin Type 
 
 4. Inner Health and Outer Beauty 
 
 5. Inner Health Outer Nutrition 
 
 6. Ask Jacquie 
 
 7. Beauty Buzz 
 
 8. VitaWhims Application 
 
 9. Whim Gummies - Application 

Our Market 

Music of Your Life 

Music
of our Life produces and delivers multiple forms of broadcast audio: broadcast audio complete with music, announcers voice tracks,
and commercials delivered to local AM, FM and HD terrestrial radio stations across the United States as a single 24 hours a day, 7 days
a week via private feed using the Barix delivery system; a simulcast of the broadcast presentation streamed directly to the public over
the internet from the musicofyourlife.com website; and as a pre-recorded podcast available as a download directly to the public from our
website. Internet radio is defined as a web-based audio service and is transmitted through the internet. It contains streaming
media that delivers continuous streaming of audio that cannot be paused in between or replayed once the audio is finished.) 

BIA Advisory Services reports
 that total local radio over-the-air and digital revenue for 2022 topped 13.6 billion in
 2022, growing 7.4 percent from 12.6 billion in 2021. According to S P Global Market
 Intelligence, between 2022 and 2027, radio station local and national spot ad revenues, including
 digital, to increase at a CAGR of 1.06 in rated markets, with non-rated markets declining,
 at a CAGR of negative 0.36 . Total radio revenue, including national and local spot, digital,
 off-air and network revenue, is expected to be mostly flat at a five-year CAGR of 0.78 from
 an estimated 15.47 billion in 2022 to 16.09 billion by the end of 2027. 
 
 U.S. radio industry ad revenues are forecast to grow at a modest pace through 2027, according to a
new report from PwC. Broadcast radio s combined over the air and online audio ad sales are on track to rise from 15.8 billion in
2022 to 16.6 billion in 2027, at a compound annual growth rate of 0.9 . When subscription revenue from satellite radio is factored in,
total radio revenue is expected to increase from 21.9 billion in 2022 to 23.2 billion in 2027. That amounts to a compound annual growth
rate of 1.2 . 
 
 Revenue in the Music Streaming market is projected to reach US 10.20 billion in 2023 for an annual
growth rate (CAGR 2023-2027) of 5.11 , resulting in a projected market volume of US 12.45 billion by 2027. The number of users is expected
to amount to double to 161.30 million users by 2027. User penetration will be 40.3 in 2023 and is expected to hit 46.9 by 2027. 
 
 U.S. podcast ad revenues showed resilience by growing 26 year-over-year to 1.8 billion. Podcasting
continues to be one of the fastest growing digital channels, outpacing the total internet ad market. 
 
 The global internet radio market was valued at US 37.10 billion in
 2022, and it is expected to reach US 72.76 billion by 2029 with a CAGR of 10.1 during the forecast period,
 according to Inside Radio. 

15 

Simply Whim 

Simply
Whim sells direct to the consumer a line of healthy beauty products including skincare and dietary supplements for healthy skin called
Whim . We sell these products from our webstore at simplywhim.com and are currently in the process of launching our Amazon Marketplace
and Public Square online stores. 

Our Outer Nutrition (skincare) products operate within the large and growing U.S. beauty products industry.
In 2022, this market represented approximately 172 billion in sales, according to forecasted Euromonitor International and IBIS World
Inc. In 2022, the beauty products industry totaled approximately 104 billion and included cosmetics, haircare, fragrance, bath and body,
skincare, salon styling tools, and other toiletries. Within this market, we compete across the skincare category. 
 
 Our Inner Nutrition (supplements) products operate within the large and growing U.S. dietary supplements
products industry. In 2022, this market represented 50.91 billion in sales, according to Grandview Research, and is expected to
grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.7 from 2023 to 2030. The primary factors driving the market growth are the growing
population of senior citizens, rising awareness and focus on preventive healthcare, and rising demand for the sports nutrition supplements.
Additionally, consumers are moving towards self-directed care, which is also expected to drive demand for the dietary supplements in the
U.S. 

Competition 

Music of Your Life 

We
compete for share of our listeners time and engagement, a challenging task in today s fragmented and multi-tasking world.
We believe our national reach, the strength of our brand and assets, the quality of our programming and personalities, and the companionship
nature of our medium allows us to compete effectively against both our legacy competition-cable and broadcast television, and other broadcast
radio operators-as well as newer, digital competition, including streaming music and video services, social media, and other digital companies. 

Similarly, we compete for
advertising and marketing dollars in the U.S. advertising market against an increasingly diverse set of competitors. Our legacy competition
for the radio, podcast and digital advertising market includes legacy broadcast radio operators, as well as satellite radio companies,
podcasters and streaming music companies with ad supported components of their business. We also compete in the larger U.S. advertising
market-inclusive of the radio, podcast and digital opportunity-by developing and offering competitive advertising products intended to
attract advertising and marketing dollars that might otherwise go to companies in the cable and broadcast television, digital, search,
Internet, audio, print, newspaper, sponsorship, and other advertising spaces. 

Simply Whim 

There is significant competition
within each market and platform where our products are sold. We compete against manufacturers and marketers of beauty products, and personal
care products. In addition to the established multinational brands against which we compete, small, targeted niche brands such as ours
continue to enter the beauty market. We also have competition from private label products sold by retailers. 

We believe that we compete
primarily based on perceived value, including pricing and innovation, product efficacy, service to the consumer, promotional activities,
advertising, special events, new product introductions, e-commerce initiatives, direct sales, and other activities (including influencers).
It is difficult for us to predict the timing, scale, and effectiveness of our competitors actions in these areas or the timing
and impact of new entrants into the marketplace. 

16 

Channels 

Simply Whim 

Online 

o Simplywhim.com 
 
 o Amazon.com/simplywhim 
 
 o PublicSquare.com/simplywhim 

Resort Spas 

o We are actively developing relationships with several resort spas around the US for product placement. 

Influencer Partnership 

o The Gemini Group - Gemininigroup.com 

Amazon Partnership 

o Social Influence Group socialinfluence.com 

Marketing and Advertising 

Music of Your Life 

We
self-promote expansion of our podcast, streaming and syndication services across our broadcast network, mobile streaming applications,
our broadcast website, and other digital platforms that reach national, regional, and local audiences as opportunities become available. 

Simply Whim 

Our marketing expense is targeted
towards digital, social media, and streaming advertising. We believe these channels are highly effective in communicating with existing
customers, as well as attracting new buyers. Our marketing program has been effective in communicating with our existing online, mobile,
and retail followers in a targeted and relevant way. Our digital marketing strategy includes search engine optimization, paid search,
mobile advertising, social media, display advertising, and influencer marketing channels. Digital marketing, coupled with our national
radio advertising, has helped us increase brand awareness and consideration among those not familiar with Whim , which we believe
has resulted in new customers. 

Information Technology 

We
are committed to using technology to improve our competitive position. We depend on a variety of information systems and technologies
(including cloud technologies) to manage the operations of our growing customer base. We rely on computer systems to provide information
for all areas of our business, including streaming, supply chain, merchandising, POS, e- commerce, marketing, finance, and accounting.
Our core business systems consist mostly of purchased and licensed software programs that integrate together and with our internally developed
web-based solutions. Our technology also includes a company-wide network that connects all corporate users, on-line stores, and our internal
distribution infrastructure and provides communications for continual polling of sales movement across all levels. 

We
manage data security and privacy at the highest levels. Our Chief Executive Officer is actively engaged in oversight of cybersecurity
and IT infrastructure and works with outsourced vendors to manage all network operations. Our vendors keep our Chief Executive Officer
informed on cybersecurity and privacy matters throughout the year. We have established processes for sharing data and performing third-party
risk assessment and regular disaster recovery planning and response readiness testing. Our security approach also includes multiple layers
of defense and testing of controls. We have strengthened our data protection capabilities through investments in our infrastructure hardware
and software. 

17 

Employees 

As of May 31, 2023, Marc Angell
(Director and Chief Executive Officer) is the only non-employee officer director of The Marquie Group. The Company has no official employees.
We have an outside accountant, bookkeeper, and lawyer. We outsource our information technology services to a third-party vendor. Certain
other executive and board positions have been identified, and we intend to fill these positions. Additional other support staff and other
personnel will be hired when there is adequate capital available to do so. Music of Your Life currently has one part-time production person
and three part-time announcers. We have one on-site part-time producer and one outside part-time producer. 

As of May 31, 2023, Jacquie
Angell (Director and Chief Executive Officer) is the only non-employee officer director of Simply Whim, Inc. Simply Whim has no official
employees and has one part-time marketing person, an outside accountant, and an outside lawyer. 

We have undertaken preliminary
investigations concerning candidates for the above positions and do not currently anticipate difficulty in filling such positions with
qualified persons; however, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to hire qualified persons for such positions when needed.
Additional positions to be filled may be identified from time to time by the Company. We expect to be able to attract and retain such
additional employees as are necessary, commensurate with the anticipated future expansion of our business. Further, we expect to continue
to use consultants, contract labor, attorneys, accountants, and production personnel as necessary. 

The loss of our CEO Marc Angell
would likely have a material adverse effect on the Company. We intend to reduce this risk by obtaining key-man insurance if affordable
insurance coverage may be obtained. We cannot assure you that the Company will be able to obtain such insurance or that the Company will
be successful in recruiting needed personnel. 

Available Information 

The Marquie Group, Inc. is
subject to the information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in accordance therewith files quarterly
and annual reports, as well as other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission Commission under File No.
000-54163. Such reports and other information filed with the Commission can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities
maintained by the Commission at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 at prescribed rates, and at various regional and district
offices maintained by the Commission throughout the United States. Information about the operation of the Commission s public reference
facilities may be obtained by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov 
that contains reports and other information regarding the Company and other registrants that file electronic reports and information with
the Commission. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Since we are a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to supply the information required by this Item 1A. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

The Marquie Group s
corporate office is located at 7901 4 th St. N., Ste. 4000, St. Petersburgh, FL 33702, telephone number, (800) 351-3021. As
the company continues to grow, the facilities and employment-related expenses will likely increase significantly. We believe that our
office facilities are suitable and adequate for our operations as currently conducted and contemplated. 

18 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

The Company entered into
a settlement agreement with the SEC pursuant to violation of Section 5(a) and Section 5(c) of the Securities Act. 

On December 15, 2022,
we entered into a settlement agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We agreed that we failed to comply with Regulation
A, which provides a limited exemption to the registration requirements of the Security Act for certain public offerings. Specifically,
after obtaining qualification to offer shares at a fixed price pursuant to Regulation A, our lawyer materially changed the offering price
on two occasions and thereafter we offered and sold shares in an offering that was not exempt from registration pursuant to Regulation
A. We filed a post-effective supplement and should have filed a fully amendment to its filing with the appropriate comment and SEC review.
As a result, it was deemed that we violated Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act. As a settlement, we paid a 10,000 fine, are
barred from Regulation A filings for five years, and must cease and desist from violating section 5 of the Securities Act. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable. 

19 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is listed
on OTC Pink under the symbol TMGI . We had approximately 2,258 registered holders of our common stock as of May 31, 2023.
Registered holders do not include those stockholders whose stock has been issued in street name. The last reported price for our common
stock on August 8, 2023, was 0.0013 per share. 

The following table reflects
the high and low closing sales prices per share of our common stock during each calendar quarter as reported on the OTCQB, during the
two fiscal years ended May 31, 2023: 

Price Range(1) 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal May 31, 2023 

Fourth quarter 
 0.0041 
 0.0041 
 
 Third quarter 
 0.0032 
 0.0042 
 
 Second quarter 
 0.0041 
 0.0068 
 
 First quarter 
 0.0067 
 0.0094 

Fiscal May 31, 2022 

Fourth quarter 
 0.001 
 0.10 
 
 Third quarter 
 0.10 
 0.20 
 
 Second quarter 
 0.10 
 0.20 
 
 First quarter 
 0.30 
 0.40 

____________________ 

(1) The
above quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

Dividends and Distribution 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock since inception and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We expect that that
any future earnings will be retained for use in developing and/or expanding our business. 

20 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Effective April 21, 2022,
the Company effectuated a 1 for 1,000 reverse split of the Company s Common Stock Reverse Split ), meaning that each
1,000 shares of Common Stock is consolidated into 1 share of Common Stock following the reverse split, provided however, that fractional
shares would be rounded up to the nearest whole share. Following the Reverse Split, the Company had 16,189,732 common shares issued and
outstanding. Due to a data input error, the opening bid price on the effective date for the stock was set at 0.01 instead of 0.10. This
resulted in a 10-times loss in shareholder value. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. 

On August 16, 2018 (the Closing
Date ), Music of Your Life, Inc. (the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, and The Marquie Group, Inc., a Utah corporation TMGI ), pursuant to which the Company merged with
TMGI. The Company was the surviving corporation. Each shareholder of TMGI received one (1) share of common stock of the Company for every
one (1) share of TMGI common stock held as of August 16, 2018. In accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, all of the shares
of TMGI held by TMGI shareholders were cancelled, and 100,000 shares of common stock (as adjusted for the September 4, 2019, 1 share for
400 shares stock split) of the Company were issued to the TMGI shareholders. A majority of these shares, 50,000 shares of common stock
of the Company were issued to Marc and Jacquie Angell, affiliates of the Company. This is considered a related party transaction. The
TMGI merger will provide the Company with access to certain registered trademarks and intellectual property with respect to health, beauty,
and social networking products. 

With respect to the transactions
noted above. Each of the recipients of securities of the Company was an accredited investor or is considered by the Company to be a sophisticated
person , inasmuch as each of them has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that they are capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of receiving securities of the Company. No solicitation was made, and no underwriting discounts were given or paid
in connection with these transactions. The Company believes that the issuance of its securities as described above was exempt from registration
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

Penny Stock Rules 

The SEC has also adopted rules
that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks as such term is defined by Rule 15g-9.
Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities
is provided by the exchange or system). 

Our shares constitute penny
stocks under the Exchange Act. The shares may remain penny stocks for the foreseeable future. The classification of our shares as penny
stocks makes it more difficult for a broker-dealer to sell the stock into a secondary market, which makes it more difficult for a purchaser
to liquidate his or her investment. Any broker-dealer engaged by the purchaser for the purpose of selling his or her shares in TMGI will
be subject to the penny stock rules. 

The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, deliver a standardized risk disclosure
document approved by the SEC, which: (i) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both
public offerings and secondary trading; (ii) contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and
of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of the Securities
Act; (iii) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and significance
of the spread between the bid and ask price; (iv) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (v) defines
significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (vi) contains such other information and
is in such form as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide to the customer, prior to effecting
any transaction in a penny stock, (i) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (ii) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson in the transaction; (iii) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating
to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (iv) monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock
held in the customer s account. 

21 

In addition, the penny stock
rules require that, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgment
of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy
of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements will have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary
market for our stock because it will be subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling those
securities. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not required. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

General 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated
Financial Statements and related notes under Item 8 of this annual report. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are not directly comparable
from period to period due to acquisitions and dispositions. Refer to Note 3 of our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this
annual report for details of each of these transactions. We have elected the presentation requirements under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act as a smaller reporting company and have herein included a two-year discussion of our financial condition and results of operations. 

Overview 

The
Marquie Group, Inc. is an emerging direct-to-consumer firm specializing in marketing, product development, and media, including a dynamic
radio and digital network. We craft and promote top-tier health and beauty solutions that enrich lives, showcased through engaging radio
content for our audience. We maintain a website at www.themarquiegroup.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably
practicable after those reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information on our website is not a part
of or incorporated by reference into this or any other report of the company filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

We
have three operating segments: (1) Broadcast, (2) Digital Media, and (3) Health and Beauty, which also qualify as reportable segments.
Our operating segments reflect how we assess the performance of each operating segment and determine the appropriate allocations of resources
to each segment. We continually review our operating segment classifications to align with operational changes in our business and may
make changes as necessary. 

We
measure and evaluate our operating segments based on operating income and operating expenses that exclude costs related to corporate functions,
such as accounting and finance, human resources, legal, tax and treasury. We also exclude costs such as amortization, depreciation, taxes,
and interest expense when evaluating the performance of our operating segments. 

22 

Our principal sources
of broadcast revenue include: 

the sale of block program time to national and local program producers; 
 
 the sale of advertising time on our radio stations to national and local advertisers; 
 
 the sale of advertising time on our national network; 
 
 the sale of banner advertisements on our station websites or on our mobile applications; 
 
 the sale of digital streaming advertisements on our station websites or on our mobile applications; 
 
 the syndication of programming on our national network; 
 
 the sale of advertising time through podcasts services; 

Our principal sources
of digital media revenue include: 

the sale of digital banner advertisements on our websites and mobile applications; 
 
 the sale of digital streaming advertisements on websites and mobile applications; and 

Our principal sources
of health and beauty revenue include: 

the sale of skin care products and dietary supplements on our webstore; 
 
 the sale of skin care products and dietary supplements on our radio network; 
 
 the sale of skin care products and dietary supplements on our Amazon store; and 
 
 the sale of skin care products and dietary supplements on our Public Square store. 

In our broadcast and
digital media operating segments, the rates we can charge for airtime, advertising and other products and services are dependent upon
several factors, including: 

audience share; 
 
 how well our programs and advertisements perform for our clients; 
 
 the size of the market and audience reached; 
 
 the number of impressions delivered; 
 
 the number of advertisements and programs streamed; 
 
 the number of page views achieved; 
 
 the number of downloads completed; 
 
 general economic conditions; and 
 
 supply and demand for airtime on a local and national level. 

In our health and beauty
operating segment, the price we can charge for our products are dependent upon several factors, including: 

price point sensitivity compared to other similar products in the market; 
 
 demographics of targeted marketing; 
 
 customer reviews; 
 
 customer service; 
 
 our ability to deliver products in a timely manner; and 
 
 how well our products deliver results for our customers. 

23 

Broadcasting 

Our
foundational business is radio broadcasting, which includes the ownership and operation of a syndicated radio network including our affiliated
radio stations subscribing to our programming delivery. Refer to Item 1. Business of this annual report for a description of our broadcasting
operations. 

Advertising
revenue generated from our syndicated radio operations is reported as broadcast revenue in our Consolidated Financial Statements included
in Item 8 of this annual report. Advertising revenue is recorded on a gross basis unless an agency represents the advertiser, in which
case revenue is reported net of the commission retained by the agency. 

Broadcast
revenue is impacted by the rates radio stations can charge for programming and advertising time, the level of airtime sold to programmers
and advertisers, the number of impressions delivered, or downloads made, and the number of listener responses in the case of pay-per-call.
Advertising rates are based upon the demand for advertising time, which in turn is based on our stations and networks ability
to produce results for their advertisers. We market ourselves to advertisers based on the responsiveness of our audiences. We do not subscribe
to traditional audience measuring services for most of our radio stations. 

Each
of our radio station affiliates allocates 3 minutes per hour of advertising time for our commercials at a preset time every hour based
on the Music of Your Life clock. 

Our
results are subject to seasonal fluctuations. As is typical in the broadcasting industry, our second and fourth quarter advertising revenue
typically exceeds our first and third quarter advertising revenue. Seasonal fluctuations in advertising revenue correspond with quarterly
fluctuations in the retail industry. Additionally, we experience increased demand for political advertising during election even numbered
years, over non-election odd numbered years. Political advertising revenue varies based on the number and type of candidates as well as
the number and type of debated issues. 

Broadcast
operating expenses include: (i) employee salaries, commissions and related employee benefits and taxes, (ii) facility expenses such as
lease expense and utilities, (iii) marketing and promotional expenses, (iv) production and programming expenses, and (v) music license
fees. In addition to these expenses, our network incurs programming costs and lease expenses for satellite communication facilities. 

Digital Media 

Revenue
generated from this segment is reported as digital media revenue in our Consolidated Statements of Operations under Item 8 of this annual
report. Digital media revenue is impacted by the rates our sites can charge for advertising time, the level of advertisements sold, the
number of impressions delivered, or the number of products sold, and the number of digital subscriptions sold. Like our broadcasting segment,
our second and fourth quarter advertising revenue from our digital media segment generally exceeds the segment s first and third
quarter advertising revenue. This seasonal fluctuation in advertising revenue corresponds with quarterly fluctuations in the retail advertising
industry. We also experience fluctuations in quarter-over-quarter comparisons based on the date on which Easter is observed, as this holiday
generates a higher volume of product downloads from our church product websites. Additionally, we experience increased demand for advertising
time and placement during election years for political advertisements. 

The
primary operating expenses incurred by our digital media businesses include: (i) employee salaries, commissions and related employee benefits
and taxes, (ii) facility expenses such as lease expense and utilities, (iii) marketing and promotional expenses, (iv) royalties, (v) streaming
costs, and (vi) cost of goods sold associated with e-commerce sites. 

24 

Health and Beauty 

Except for AminoMints ,
our health and beauty operations are owned by Simply Whim, Inc., and include Whim , an emerging beauty brand blending Nature, Nutrition,
and Science to offer safe and effective products. Whim s founder, a 3-time cancer survivor under treatment, recognizes the U.S.'s
regulatory lapses and strives for better standards. Exclusively made in the USA, Whim aims to provide responsible beauty options.
We forecast strong sales growth next year, driven by demand for safer beauty solutions, and plan to exceed these expectations with continued
innovation. 

We acquired a 25 stake in Simply Whim, Inc., September 2022, and work together to expand marketing, and
increase sales. 
 
 We are currently in negotiations with Ulta Beauty (NASDAQ: ULTA), the world s leading beauty company,
over the rights to our Whim trademark. 
 
 Using our S-1 facility, we are raising funds for Simply Whim s inventory, advertising, and social
media costs. 
 
 We intend to acquire a controlling interest in Simply Whim in the coming fiscal year, which will be reflected
in future balance sheet calculations. 
 
 Revenue for Simply Whim is forecasted to top 1-million dollars by the end of 2024. 

Whim Beauty Products: 

Age Defying Moisturizer 
 
 Polishing Cleanser 
 
 Hush Beauty Sleep Blend 
 
 Illuminating Eye Treatment 
 
 Youth Boosting Serum 
 
 Harmony Multi-Vitamin Beauty Complex 
 
 Multi-Action Exfoliating Scrub 
 
 Antioxidant Serum 
 
 Boost Hydrolyzed Collagen Peptide Powder 

Whim Beauty Products
in Development: 

VitaWhims - sugar-free vitamin gummies, free from corn syrup, dyes, and unhealthy fillers. 
 
 Whim Strips - sugar-free dissolvable vitamin strips, free from corn syrup, dyes, and unhealthy fillers. 
 
 Whim Gummies - sugar-free amino acid gummies, free from corn syrup, dyes, and unhealthy fillers. 

AminoMints : 

AminoMints are a fun
and innovative way to introduce amino acid supplements to those unfamiliar or have previously tried them and found the taste or experience
unappealing. Daily amino acid supplementation is essential for maintaining health, optimal functioning, and addressing various health
concerns. Amino acids are crucial components of all proteins. An imbalance of these amino acids can lead to numerous negative effects,
such as fatigue, mood swings, concentration issues, muscle loss, and digestive disorders. Amino acid deficiencies are common and can also
impact our appearance, leading to dry, brittle nails, dry hair and skin, loss of lean muscle, and weight gain. 

All products in development are estimated to launch
mid-2024. 

25 

Assets Inventory and Equipment 

Music of Your Life. 

A significant amount of equipment
is used to broadcast Music of Your Life programming. As of year-end May 31, 2023, all current equipment has been fully depreciated, and
includes: 

MOYL Equipment Assets 
 Date 
 Qty 
 Cost 
 
 Audio Science BOB 1024 Audio Distribution 
 2008 
 1 
 250.00 
 
 Behringer Xenyx Mixer 
 2008 
 1 
 189.00 
 
 Broadcast Tools Audio Control Switcher - ACS 8.2 Plus 
 2008 
 1 
 1,250.00 
 
 ElectroVoice RE20 Microphones (grey) 
 2008 
 1 
 449.00 
 
 Google Radio Automation Computer System 
 2008 
 1 
 50,000.00 
 
 Barix Extremer 500 Audio Encoder/Decoder 
 2013 
 1 
 730.00 
 
 Barix Instreamer Internet Audio Encoder 
 2013 
 1 
 430.00 
 
 Barix Extremer 500 Audio Encoder/Decoder (Backup) 
 2013 
 1 
 730.00 
 
 Barix Instreamer Internet Audio Encoder (Backup) 
 2013 
 1 
 430.00 
 
 Dell Inspriron Tower Computer - Music Server Backup 
 2013 
 1 
 1,500.00 
 
 Dell Inspriron Tower Computer - Production Computer Backup 
 2013 
 1 
 1,500.00 
 
 Monitor LG 24" 
 2013 
 2 
 500.00 
 
 LaCie RAID Array Hard Drive (4 TB) 
 2013 
 2 
 1,000.00 
 
 Rode Boom Arms (x2) 
 2013 
 1 
 598.00 
 
 Easy-Driver ED88A Contact Closure Board 
 2013 
 1 
 150.00 
 
 Station Playlist Radio Automation Software 
 2013 
 1 
 799.00 
 
 B W Studio Monitor Speakers 
 2017 
 1 
 2,500.00 
 
 Automation Backup Computer 
 2018 
 1 
 5,000.00 
 
 ElectroVoice RE20 Microphones (black) 
 2019 
 1 
 449.00 
 
 Monitor Acer 27" 
 2019 
 1 
 149.00 
 
 Startech Audio Rack Enclosure 
 2020 
 1 
 895.00 
 
 Zoom P8 Mixing Board 
 2021 
 1 
 549.00 
 
 Duracell Power Source Electric Generator 
 2022 
 1 
 735.00 
 
 Total Cost 

70,782.00 

MOYL Audio Assets 
 Date 
 Qty 
 Cost 
 
 Audio Files - MP3 
 2008-2023 
 100,000 
 100,000.00 
 
 Audio Files - WAV 
 2008-2018 
 80,000 
 80,000.00 
 
 Audio Files - M4A 
 2015-2023 
 2,500 
 3,750.00 
 
 Audio Files - AIFF 
 2010-2023 
 5,000 
 5,000.00 
 
 Audio Files - FLAC 
 2022-2023 
 500 
 500.00 
 
 LP Records - Music of Your Life/CBS / Others 
 2008-2023 
 350 
 14,000.00 
 
 Compact Discs - Music of Your Life/TGG / Others 
 2008-2023 
 1,500 
 37,500.00 
 
 Reel to Reel Tape - Music of Your Life Original 
 1978-1985 
 250 
 25,000.00 

265,750.00 

26 

Simply Whim. 

Simply Whim assets are not
included in our balance sheet calculations as we own less than 51 of the company. This will change in the coming year as we acquire a
controlling interest in the company. As of year-end, May 31, 2023, the Simply Whim assets include: 

Simply Whim Equipment Assets 
 Date 
 Qty 
 Cost 

Filler Machine 
 2022 
 
 214.00 
 
 Office Furniture 
 2022 
 
 2,500.00 

2,714.00 

Simply Whim Inventory Assets 
 Date 
 Qty 
 Cost 
 
 BOOST Hydrolyzed Collagen Peptide Powder 
 2023 
 60 
 665.40 
 
 Age-Defying Moisturizer 
 2023 
 32 
 704.00 
 
 Illuminating Eye Treatment 
 2023 
 25 
 425.00 
 
 Moisture Shield SPF 30 Sunscreen 
 2023 
 7 
 112.00 
 
 Multi-Action Exfoliating Scrub 
 2023 
 32 
 368.00 
 
 Polishing Cleanser 
 2023 
 51 
 561.00 
 
 Youth Boosting Serum 
 2023 
 5 
 105.00 
 
 Packaging 
 2022 
 400 
 472.00 
 
 Cartons 
 2022 
 500 
 413.00 

3,825.40 

Assets Intellectual Property 

Trademarks 

Trademarks are an integral
part of our success and valuation. We have multiple trademarks registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ),
with additional applications filed and awaiting registration. We have secured exclusive license agreements with right of first refusal
to acquire for additional trademarks. 

Music of Your Life . 

The Music of Your Life trademarks
includes the second audio trademark in history to be registered by the USPTO. Total cost of Music of Your Life trademarks is 250,750. 

First Use 
 Class 
 Ser. No. 
 Reg. No. 
 Mark 
 Cost 
 Goods and Services 
 
 1978 
 41 
 73483592 
 1367083 
 Music of Your Life 
 250,000 
 Entertainment services rendered by an orchestra. 
 
 1984 
 9 
 87612873 
 5593361 
 Music of Your Life 
 
 Audio and video recordings featuring music and artistic performances. 
 
 1984 
 9 
 87612873 
 5593361 
 Music of Your Life 
 
 Phonograph records featuring music. 
 
 2008 
 38 
 87612873 
 5593361 
 Music of Your Life 
 
 Audio and video broadcasting services over the Internet. 
 
 2008 
 41 
 87612873 
 5593361 
 Music of Your Life 
 
 Entertainment services, namely, providing radio programs in the field of
 music via a global computer network. 
 
 2008 
 41 
 87612873 
 5593361 
 Music of Your Life 
 
 Production and distribution of radio programs. 
 
 2020 
 38 
 87327075 
 5398283 
 Celebrity Radio 
 250 
 Broadcasting programs via a global computer network. 
 
 2020 
 38 
 87327075 
 5398283 
 Celebrity Radio 
 
 Internet radio broadcasting services. Radio and television broadcasting
 services. 
 
 2021 
 41 
 88081729 
 6974703 
 Collusion 
 250 
 Entertainment, namely, a continuing news show broadcast over radio, television,
 and the Internet. 
 
 2023 
 41 
 97680440 
 
 Street Talk 
 250 
 Production of television programs; Radio entertainment production; Radio
 program syndication. 
 
 2023 
 41 
 97680440 
 
 Street Talk 
 
 Entertainment services, namely, providing video podcasts in the field of
 business, news and commentary. 

27 

Simply Whim . 

The Whim and related trademarks
are owned by Simply Whim, Inc. Our 25 acquisition of Simply Whim included an exclusive license to use the trademarks in commerce, with
a right of first refusal to acquire. 

First Use 
 Class 
 Ser. No. 
 Reg. No. 
 Mark 
 Cost 
 Goods and Services 
 
 2019 
 5 
 88380471 
 6471490 
 Whim 
 250 
 Nutritional supplement energy bars; Dietary supplements with a cosmetic effect. 
 
 2019 
 5 
 88380471 
 6471490 
 Whim 
 
 Nutritional supplements in lotion form sold as a component of nutritional skin care product. 
 
 2019 
 5 
 88213607 
 6521198 
 Whim 
 
 Powdered nutritional supplement drink mix containing amino acids. 
 
 2019 
 32 
 88380471 
 6471490 
 Whim 
 250 
 Beauty beverages, namely, fruit juices and energy drinks containing nutritional supplements. 
 
 2019 
 32 
 88213607 
 6521198 
 Whim 
 250 
 Concentrates and powders used in the preparation of energy drinks and fruit-flavored beverages. 
 
 2019 
 44 
 97933816 
 6471490 
 Whim 
 250 
 Providing a website featuring information about health, wellness and nutrition. 
 
 2019 
 44 
 88380471 
 6471490 
 Whim 
 
 Hygienic and beauty care; Medspa services for health and beauty of the body and spirit. 
 
 2023 
 5 
 97618021 
 
 Whim 
 250 
 Nutritional supplements in the form of gummies; Vitamins. 
 
 2021 
 3 
 90490805 
 6668530 
 Age is Not a Skin Type 
 250 
 Non-medicated skin care preparations. 
 
 2023 
 35 
 97061033 
 
 Age is Not a Skin Type 
 250 
 Advertising and marketing services provided by means of indirect methods of marketing communications, namely, social media, blogging. 
 
 2023 
 41 
 97061033 
 
 Age is Not a Skin Type 
 250 
 Providing a website featuring blogs and non-downloadable publications in the nature of articles in the field(s) of skin care. 
 
 2023 
 44 
 97061033 
 
 Age is Not a Skin Type 
 250 
 Providing information about health, wellness and nutrition via a website. 
 
 2019 
 3 
 90228584 
 
 Simply Whim 
 250 
 Cosmetic body scrubs for the face; Non-medicated skin care preparations, namely, creams, lotions, gels, serums and cleaners. 
 
 2019 
 44 
 90228584 
 
 Simply Whim 
 250 
 Providing a website featuring information about health, wellness and nutrition; Providing information about dietary supplements and nutrition. 
 
 2023 
 41 
 97065427 
 7069730 
 Beauty Buzz 
 250 
 Nutritional supplements; Nutritional supplements in the form of gummies. 
 
 2023 
 41 
 97065427 
 7069730 
 Beauty Buzz 
 
 On-line journals, namely, blogs featuring skin care, nutrition, health and beauty products. 
 
 2023 
 5 
 97822144 
 
 VitaWhims 
 250 
 Vitamins; Vitamin and mineral supplements; Vitamin drops; Vitamin supplement patches; Vitamin supplements; Vitamin tablets. 
 
 2023 
 5 
 97822144 
 
 VitaWhims 
 
 Dietary supplemental drinks in the nature of vitamin and mineral beverages; Effervescent vitamin tablets; Gummy vitamins; Liquid supplements. 
 
 2019 
 3 
 97061059 
 
 Inner Health Outer Beauty 
 250 
 Cosmetics and personal care items, namely, facial cleanser, facial moisturizer, SPF facial moisturizer, facial toner. 

28 

AminoMints . 

The AminoMints trademarks
are owned by AminoMints, Inc. Our pending acquisition of AminoMints, Inc. will include an exclusive license, with first right of refusal
for the AminoMints trademarks. 

First Use 
 Class 
 Ser. No. 
 Reg. No. 
 Mark 
 Cost 
 Goods and Services 
 
 2015 
 5 
 88074842 
 5790001 
 AminoMints 
 
 Amino acids for nutritional purposes. 
 
 2015 
 30 
 88074842 
 5790001 
 AminoMints 
 
 Candy containing amino acids. 
 
 2015 
 30 
 88072919 
 5796264 
 AminoMints 
 
 Mints for breath freshening that contain amino acids; Energy mints containing amino acids. 

Trademark Licenses 

We have exclusive license
agreements for several additional trademarks, either registered, or pending registration with the USPTO. 

First Use 
 Class 
 Ser. No. 
 Reg. No. 
 Mark 
 Cost 
 Goods and Services 
 
 2016 
 5 
 88061242 
 6049837 
 Aminofizz 
 
 Amino acids for nutritional purposes; Beverages containing amino acids for use as a nutritional supplement. 
 
 2016 
 5 
 88061242 
 6049837 
 Aminofizz 
 
 Delivery agents in the form of dissolvable tablets that facilitate the delivery of nutritional supplements. 
 
 2023 
 5 
 97868564 
 
 Aminopod 
 
 Amino acids for nutritional purposes. 
 
 2023 
 20 
 97868564 
 
 Aminopod 
 
 Plastic bottle caps for storing powdered nutritional supplements and for dispensing those supplements into the bottle. 
 
 2023 
 5 
 97667933 
 
 Aminoshot 
 
 Beverages containing amino acids for use as a nutritional supplement; Powdered nutritional supplement drink mix. 
 
 2020 
 30 
 97590037 
 
 Sanitea 
 
 Beverages made of tea 
 
 2020 
 30 
 78942565 
 4077620 
 Insanitea 
 
 Beverages made of tea 
 
 2020 
 32 
 78942565 
 4077620 
 Insanitea 
 
 Energy drinks; non-alcoholic beverages, namely, carbonated beverages; Sport drinks. 
 
 2022 
 32 
 90131199 
 
 Insanitea 
 
 Alcoholic carbonated beverages, except beer; Alcoholic tea-based beverages. 

Results of Operations 

Following is management s
discussion of the relevant items affecting results of operations for the years ended May 31, 2023, and 2022. 

Revenues . The Company s
wholly owned subsidiary, Music of Your Life generated 2,500 in net revenues for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. Broadcast radio
revenues are primarily generated by pay per call spot sales from various advertisers represented by the advertising agency, MSH Marketing,
and pay per call spot sales from MyPillow. Through barter arrangements with our terrestrial radio station affiliates, Music of Your Life
owns three minutes per hour to sell goods and services on these stations. 

Our subsidiary, Simply Whim,
generated 25,000 in gross revenue for the year ending May 31, 2023, and is forecasting an estimated 40-times growth in revenue for 2024. 

Cost of Sales . Our
cost of sales was -0- for both years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. Our cost of sales in the future will consist principally of licensing
costs and royalties associated with our syndicated radio network, other related services provided directly or outsourced through our affiliates,
as well as operational and staffing costs with respect thereto. 

29 

Salaries and Consulting
Expenses . Executive salaries remain unpaid and accruing for the year ending May 31, 2023. Accrued salaries and consulting expenses
for the year ended May 31, 2023 were 240,000 as compared to 120,000 for the year ended May 31, 2022. We expect that salaries and consulting
expenses, that are cash-based instead of share-based, will increase as we add personnel to build our health and beauty business. 

Professional Fees. 
Professional fees for the year ended May 31, 2023 were 85,190 as compared to 97,162 for the year ended May 31, 2022. We anticipate that
professional fees will increase in future periods as we scale up our operations. 

Other Selling, General
and Administrative Expenses . Other selling, general and administrative expenses were 31,280 for the year ended May 31, 2023 as compared
to 45,403 for the year ended May 31, 2022. We anticipate that Other SG A expenses will increase commensurate with an increase in
our operations. 

Other Income (Expense). 
The Company had net other income of 1,536,629 for the year ended May 31, 2023. For the year ended May 31, 2023, the company incurred
interest expense of 375,008 and recorded income from derivative liability of 1,911,637. The Company had net other expenses of 3,853,387
for the year ended May 31, 2022. For the year ended May 31, 2022, the company recorded a gain on settlement of debt in the amount of 260,032,
incurred interest expense of 645,021, expense from derivative liability of 526,690 and loss on conversion of notes payable and accrued
interest of 2,941,708. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of May 31, 2023, our primary
source of liquidity consisted of 25,250 in cash and cash equivalents. We hold most of our cash reserves in local checking accounts with
local financial institutions. Since inception, we have financed our operations through a combination of short and long-term loans, and
through the private placement of our common stock. 

We generated net income for
the year ended May 31, 2023 of 1,180,159, mostly from derivative liability income. We have sustained significant net losses which have
resulted in an accumulated deficit at May 31, 2023 of 14,698,030 and are currently experiencing a substantial shortfall in operating
capital which raises doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Without additional revenues, working capital loans, or equity
investment, there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue operations. 

We believe these conditions
have resulted from the inherent risks associated with small public companies. Such risks include, but are not limited to, the ability
to (i) generate revenues and sales of our products and services at levels sufficient to cover our costs and provide a return for investors,
(ii) attract additional capital in order to finance growth, (iii) successfully compete with other comparable companies having financial,
production and marketing resources significantly greater than those of the Company, and (iv) increasing costs associated with maintaining
public company reporting requirements. 

We believe that our capital
resources are insufficient for ongoing operations, with minimal current cash reserves, particularly given the resources necessary to expand
our multi-media entertainment business. We will likely require considerable amounts of financing to make any significant advancement in
our business strategy. There is presently no agreement in place that will guarantee financing for our Company, and we cannot assure you
that we will be able to raise any additional funds, or that such funds will be available on acceptable terms. Funds raised through future
equity financing will likely be substantially dilutive to current shareholders. Lack of additional funds will materially affect our Company
and our business and may cause us to substantially curtail or even cease operations. Consequently, you could incur a loss of your entire
investment in the Company. 

30 

Stock Price Listing Calculation Error 

On April 21, 2022, our 1,000:1
reverse stock split became effective. The share price was to be recalculated at 1,000:1, the same ratio as our outstanding share total.
However, the opening bid for our stock was set in error at 0.01, instead of 0.10, resulting in a 10-times loss in shareholder value.
Despite many attempts over several months of communications with the various agencies, we were informed there was nothing that could be
done to rectify the matter and the bid would not be corrected. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We believe the following more
critical accounting policies are used in the preparation of our financial statements: 

Use of Estimates. The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. On a periodic basis, management reviews those estimates, including those related to valuation
allowances, loss contingencies, income taxes, and projection of future cash flows. 

Research and Development.
 Research and development costs are charged to operations when incurred and are included in operating expenses. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

There were various accounting
standards and interpretations recently issued, none of which are expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial
position, operations, or cash flows. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

CONTENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 32 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 34 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 35 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 37 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 38 

31 

Report
of Independent Registerred Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 The Marquie Group, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The
Marquie Group, Inc. (the Company as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, statements of stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and schedules
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 12 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
losses since inception of 14,698,030 and negative working capital of 6,366,552. These factors create an uncertainty as to the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in note
12. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

32 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Loss on conversions of notes payable and accrued
interest to common stock 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company has had outstanding notes payable
to lenders which are convertible into Company common stock at conversion prices which are based on the future trading price of the Company's
common stock. For the year ended May 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of 11,511,179 shares of its common stock pursuant to conversions
of an aggregate of 285,683 in principal and accrued interest. The 2,941,708 in excess of the 3,227,391 fair value of the 11,511,179
shares of common stock at the respective dates of issuance over the 285,683 liability reduction was charged to Loss on Conversions of
Notes Payable. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to the
Company's loss on conversions of notes payable and accrued interest to common stock expense included: 

We obtained Company prepared quarterly schedules of all conversions of notes payable and accrued interest
to common stock for the year ended May 31, 2022. 
 
 We agreed the prices used to independent third-party sources of closing trading prices of the Company
common stock on the respective issuance dates. We then verified the calculation by multiplying the number of shares issued times the respective
closing trading prices for each conversion. 
 
 We agreed the principal and accrued interest amounts to Notices of Conversions for each conversion. 

Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able to predict the ultimate
impact that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could have an adverse
impact on the economies and 
financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company plans to operate. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

PCAOB # 

September 13, 2023 

blaze@griesandassociates.com 

 501 S. Cherry Street, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado
80246 

 (O)720-464-2875 (M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 

33 

THE MARQUIE GROUP, INC. 

 (formerly Music of Your Life, Inc.) 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

May 31, 
 May 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS 

Investment in Acquisition 

Loans receivable, related party 

Music inventory, net of accumulated depreciation of and ,
 respectively 

Trademark costs 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Bank overdraft 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest payable on notes payable 

Accrued consulting fees 

Notes payable, net of debt discounts of and , respectively 

Notes payable to related parties 

Derivative liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, and 
 shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and
 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock payable - 1 share 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

34 

THE MARQUIE GROUP, INC. 

 (formerly Music of Your Life, Inc.) 

 Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

For the Year Ended 
 May 31, 

2023 
 2022 

NET REVENUES 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Salaries and Consulting fees 

Professional fees 

Other selling, general and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

Gain on settlement of debt 

Income (expense) from derivative liability 

Interest expense (including amortization of debt discounts of , and , respectively) 

Loss on conversion of notes payable and accrued interest 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

BASIC AND DILUTED: 

Net income (loss) per common share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

35 

THE MARQUIE GROUP, INC. 

 (formerly Music of Your Life, Inc.) 

 Consolidated Statements
of Stockholders Deficit 

 For the Period from
June 1, 2021 to May 31, 2023 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Payable 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, June 1, 2021 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt 

Net loss for the year ended May 31, 2022 

Balance, May 31, 2022 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt 

Investment in Acquisition 

Round up of shares from reverse stock split 

Net loss for the year ended May 31, 2023 

Balance, May 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

36 

THE MARQUIE GROUP, INC. 

 (formerly Music of Your Life, Inc.) 

 Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended 
 May 31, 

2023 
 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used by operating activities: 

Depreciation of music inventory 

Gain on settlement of debt 

Expense (income) from derivative liability 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Loss on conversion of notes payable and accrued interest 

Default interest added to notes principal balance 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest payable on notes payable 

Accrued consulting fees 

Net Cash Used by Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments from loans receivable, related party 

Net Cash Used by Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Bank overdraft 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayments of notes payable 

Repayments of notes payable to related parties 

Proceeds from notes payable to related parties 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash Payments For: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of stock and promissory note for investment in acquisition 

Initial derivative liability charged to debt discounts 

Conversion of debt and accrued interest into common stock 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements 

37 

THE MARQUIE GROUP, INC. 

(formerly Music of Your Life, Inc.) 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

May 31, 2023 

which reduced the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock from shares to shares. The accompanying financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect
this reverse stock split. Due to a data input error, the opening Bid price for the stock was
set at 0.01 instead of 0.10. This resulted in a 10-times loss in shareholder value. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Acquisition of The Marquie Group,
Inc. 

On August 16, 2018
(see Note 10), the Company merged with The Marquie Group, Inc. TMGI in exchange for the issuance of a total of 100,000
shares of our common stock to TMGI s stockholders. Following the merger, the Company had 102,277 shares of common stock issued and
outstanding. On December 5, 2018, the Company amended and restated its Articles of Incorporation providing for a change in the Company s
name from Music of Your Life, Inc. to The Marquie Group, Inc. The TMGI business plan is to advertise a direct-to-consumer,
health and beauty product line called Whim that use innovative formulations of plant-based, amino-acids and other natural
alternatives to chemical ingredients. 

Acquisition of Global Nutrition Experience,
Inc. 

On November 21,
2019 (see Note 10), the Company merged with Global Nutrition Experience, Inc. GNE in exchange for the issuance of a total
of 193,000,000 shares of our common stock to GNE s stockholder. The GNE business plan is to license intellectual property from,
and to third parties. 

for the year ended May 31, 2023 and for the year ending May 31, 2022. 

, of which expires in varying amounts through 2038 and does
not expire. No tax benefit has been reported in the financial statements because the potential tax benefits of the net operating loss
carryforwards are offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions
of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations.
Should a substantial change in ownership occur, net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as to future use. 

Net deferred tax
assets consist of the following components as of May 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The income tax provision differs from
the amount of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of 
to pretax income (loss) for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 due to the following: 

Non-deductible expense (non-taxable income) from derivative liability 

Non-deductible amortization of debt discounts 

Non-deductible loss on conversions of notes payable and accrued interest 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

For the periods presented, the Company had tax positions
or unrecognized tax benefits. 

The Company includes interest and penalties
arising from the underpayment of income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations in the provision for income taxes. For the
periods presented, the Company had no such interest or penalties. 

t have any cash or cash equivalents in excess of this amount at May 31, 2023. 

. 

Music inventory consisted of the following: 

Accumulated depreciation 

Music inventory net 

The Company purchases digital music
from time to time as new music become available for broadcast on our network. During the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
purchased worth of music inventory. For the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, depreciation on music inventory was and ,
respectively. 

Due to wife of Company Chief Executive Officer pursuant to consulting agreement effective August 16, 2018 monthly compensation of 15,000 

Due to mother of Company Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Consulting Agreement dated September 1, 2015 (which was terminated November 30, 2019) monthly compensation of 5,000 to November 30, 2019 

Due to service provider pursuant to Consulting Agreement dated September 1, 2015 (which was terminated February 28, 2019) monthly compensation of 5,000 to February 28, 2019 

Due to service provider pursuant to Consulting Agreement dated September 1, 2015 (which was terminated November 30, 2019) monthly compensation of 1,000 to November 30, 2019 

Due to two other service providers 

Total 

The accrued consulting fees balance
changed as follows: 

Compensation expense accrued pursuant to consulting agreements 

Payments to consultants 

Balance, end of period 

See Note 11 (Commitments and Contingencies) 

Note
 payable to an individual, due on May 22, 2015, in default (B) 

Note
 payable to an entity, non-interest bearing, due on February 1, 2016 (D) 

Note
 payable to a family trust, stated interest of 2,500, due on October 31, 2015, in default (E) 

Note
 payable to a corporation, stated interest of 5,000, due on October 21, 2015, in default (G) 

Note
 payable to a corporation, stated interest of 5,000, due on November 6, 2015, in default (H) 

Note
 payable to an individual, due on December 20, 2015, in default, 24 default rate from January 20, 2016 (I) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 12 , due on December 29, 2016, in default (M) 

Note
 payable to a family trust, interest at 10 , due on November 30, 2016, in default (P) 

Convertible
 note payable to an individual, interest at 10 , due on demand (V) 

Convertible
 note payable to an individual, interest at 8 , due on demand (W) 

Convertible
 note payable to an individual, interest at 8 , due on demand (X) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 10 , due on demand (Y) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 10 , due on demand (CC) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 10 , due on March 5, 2019, in default (DD) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 10 , due on September 18, 2019, in default (GG) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 12 , due on November 30, 2021, in default, net of discount of -0- (SS) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 10 , due on June 4, 2022, in default, net of discount of -0- and 2,615, respectively (VV) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 8 , due on August 27, 2022, in default, net of discount of -0- and 4,274, respectively (WW) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 12 , due on December 21, 2022, in default (YY) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 12 , due on February 8, 2023, in default (ZZ) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 12 , due on June 10, 2023, net of discount of 1,065 and -0-, respectively (AA) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 12 , due on November 4, 2023, net of discount of 13,143 and -0-, respectively (C) 

Convertible
 note payable to an entity, interest at 12 , due on April 10, 2024, net of discount of 52,586 and -0-, respectively (F) 

Note
 payable to the Small Business Administration under the Payroll Protection Program, interest at 1 , due in installments through May
 4, 2022, forgivable in part or whole subject to certain requirements. 

Note
 payable to the Small Business Administration under the Payroll Protection Program, interest at 1 , due in installments through April
 5, 2023, forgivable in part or whole subject to certain requirements. 

Notes
 payable to individuals, non-interest bearing, due on demand 

Total Notes Payable 

Less: Current Portion 

Long-Term Notes Payable 

(B) On April 22, 2015, the Company issued
a 25,000 Promissory Note, non-interest bearing (interest at 24 per annum after May 22, 2015), due at maturity on May 22, 2015. 

(D) On July 24, 2015, the Company issued
a 50,000 Promissory Note to Kodiak Capital Group, LLC Kodiak for services rendered in association with an Equity Purchase
Agreement. As amended and restated January 4, 2016, the note is non-interest bearing and was due on February 1, 2016. 

(E) On July 31, 2015, the Company issued
a 25,000 Promissory Note with a stated interest amount of 2,500 due at maturity on October 31, 2015. 

(G) On August 6, 2015, the Company issued
a 50,000 Promissory Note with a stated interest amount of 5,000 due at maturity on October 21, 2015. 

(H) On August 21, 2015, the Company
issued a 50,000 Promissory Note with a stated interest amount of 5,000 due at maturity on November 6, 2015. 

(I) On September 21, 2015, the Company
issued a 25,000 Promissory Note with a stated interest amount of 2,500 due at maturity on December 20, 2015. In the event that all principal
and interest are not paid to the lender by January 20, 2016, interest is to accrue at a rate of 24 per annum commencing on January 21,
2016. 

(M) On December 29, 2015, the Company
issued a 20,000 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender for net loan proceeds of 15,000. The note bears interest at a rate of 12 per
annum, was due on December 29, 2016, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion
Price equal to 50 of the lowest closing bid price during the 30 Trading Day period prior to the Conversion Date. See Note 9 (Derivative
Liability). 

(P) On June 3, 2016, the Company issued
a 25,000 Promissory Note. The note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and was due on November 30, 2016. 

(V) On May 3, 2017, the Company issued
a 72,750 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender as a replacement for the principal and interest due on a promissory note due on October
14, 2014. The note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, is due on demand, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares
of the Company common stock at a Conversion Price equal to 0.0001293 per share. 

(W) On April 5, 2017, the Company issued
a 35,000 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender as a replacement for the principal and interest due on a promissory note due on August
23, 2015. The note bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum, is due on demand, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares
of the Company common stock at a Conversion Price equal to 40 of the lowest Trading Price during the 5 Trading Day period prior to the
Conversion Date. See Note 9 (Derivative Liability). 

(X) On April 5, 2017, the Company issued
a 27,500 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender as a replacement for the principal and interest due on a promissory note due on October
31, 2015. The note bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum, is due on demand, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares
of the Company common stock at a Conversion Price equal to 40 of the lowest Trading Price during the 5 Trading Day period prior to the
Conversion Date. See Note 9 (Derivative Liability). 

(Y) On March 1, 2017, the Company issued
a 8,600 Convertible Promissory Note to a vendor of the Company to convert certain accounts payable due to the vendor. The note bears
interest at a rate of 10 per annum, is due on demand, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common
stock at a Conversion Price equal to the higher of 0.00004 per share or 60 of the lowest Trading Price during the 5 Trading Day period
prior to the Conversion Date. 

(CC) On December 1, 2017, the Company
issued a 50,000 Convertible Promissory Note to a vendor in settlement of certain accrued consulting fees of 50,000. The note bears interest
at a rate of 10 per annum, is due on demand, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at
a Conversion Price equal to 60 of the lowest Trading Price during the 20 Trading Day period prior to the Conversion Date. See Note 9
(Derivative Liability). 

(DD) On March 5, 2018, the Company issued
a 35,000 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender for net loan proceeds of 33,000. The note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum,
was due on March 5, 2019, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion Price
equal to 50 of the lowest Trading Price during the 20 Trading Day period prior to the Conversion Date. See Note 9 (Derivative Liability). 

(GG) On September 18, 2018, the Company
issued a 18,000 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender for net loan proceeds of 14,000. The note bears interest at a rate of 10 per
annum, was due on September 18, 2019, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion
Price equal to 50 of the lowest Trading Price during the 20 Trading Day period prior to the Conversion Date. See Note 9 (Derivative Liability). 

(SS) On November 30, 2020, the Company
issued a 170,000 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender which paid off some of the accrued interest for the note described in (RR) above.
The Company received net proceeds of 32,500. The note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum, is due on November 30, 2021, and is
convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion Price equal to the lesser of (1) 105 
of the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the Issue Date, or (2) the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the conversion. See Note 7 (Derivative Liability). 

(VV) On June 4, 2021, the Company issued
a 238,596 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender which paid off the principal and accrued interest for the notes described in (EE),
(FF), (KK), (LL), (MM), (NN) and (PP) above. The note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, is due on June 4, 2022, and is convertible
at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion Price equal to the lesser of (1) 0.00004, or (2)
50 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the previous 15-day trading period. See Note 7 (Derivative Liability). 

(WW) On August 27, 2021, the Company
issued a 14,000 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender for net loan proceeds of 10,000. The note bears interest at a rate of 8 per
annum, is due on August 27, 2022, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion
Price equal to 65 of the lowest trading price in the 10 Trading Day period prior to the Conversion Date. See Note 7 (Derivative Liability). 

(YY) On December 21, 2021, the Company
issued a 58,250 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender for net loan proceeds of 49,925. The note bears interest at a rate of 12 per
annum, is due on December 21, 2022, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion
Price equal to the higher of (1) 0.0001, or (2) the par value of the Common Stock. 

(ZZ) On February 8, 2022, the Company
issued a 245,000 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender for net loan proceeds of 218,000. The note bears interest at a rate of 12 
per annum, is due on February 8, 2023, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion
Price equal to the higher of (1) 0.0001, or (2) the par value of the Common Stock. 

(AA) On June 10, 2022, the Company issued
a 38,880 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender for net loan proceeds of 31,800. The note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum,
is due on June 10, 2023, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion Price
equal to the lower of (1) 0.05, or (2) 50 of the lowest trading price in the 10 Trading Day period prior to the Conversion Date. See
Note 6 (Derivative Liability). 

(C) On November 4, 2022, the Company
issued a 30,555 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender for net loan proceeds of 25,000. The note bears interest at a rate of 12 per
annum, is due on November 4, 2023, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion
Price equal to the lower of (1) 0.005, or (2) 50 of the lowest trading price in the 10 Trading Day period prior to the Conversion Date.
See Note 6 (Derivative Liability). 

(F) On April 10, 2023, the Company issued
a 61,100 Convertible Promissory Note to a lender for net loan proceeds of 55,000. The note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum,
is due on April 10, 2024, and is convertible at the option of the lender into shares of the Company common stock at a Conversion Price
equal to the lower of (1) 0.003, or (2) par value of common stock. See Note 6 (Derivative Liability). 

Concentration of Notes Payable 

The principal balance of the notes
payable was due to: 

Lender B 

14 other lenders 

Total 

Less debt discounts 

Net 

Notes payable to The OZ Corporation (owner of 2,500 shares of common stock since August 16, 2018), non-interest bearing, due on demand, unsecured 

Notes payable to the Chief Executive Officer, non-interest bearing, due on demand, unsecured 

Note payable to the wife of the Chief Executive Officer as part of the 25 acquisition of Simply Whim, interest at 12 , due on September 20, 2023, unsecured (See Note 10) 

Convertible note payable to John D. Thomas P.C. (Company law firm and owner of 25,000 shares of common stock since August 16, 2018), interest at 10 , due on demand, convertible at the option of the lender into shares of Company common stock at a Conversion Price equal to 60 of the lowest Trading Price during the 20 Trading Day period prior to the Conversion Date (BB) See Note 9 (Derivative Liability) 

Total Notes Payable 

Less: Current Portion 

Long-Term Notes Payable 

Convertible note payable issued April 5, 2017, due on demand (W) 

Convertible note payable issued April 5, 2017, due on demand (X) 

Convertible note payable issued December 1, 2017, due on demand (BB) 

Convertible note payable issued December 1, 2017, due on demand (CC) 

Convertible note payable issued March 5, 2018, due on March 5, 2019 (DD) 

Convertible note payable issued September 18, 2018, due on September 18, 2019 (GG) 

Convertible note payable issued November 30, 2020, due on November 30, 2021 (SS) 

Convertible note payable issued June 4, 2021, due on June 4, 2022 (VV) 

Convertible note payable issued August 27, 2021, due on August 27, 2022 (WW) 

Convertible note payable issued June 10, 2022, due on June 10, 2023 (AA) 

Convertible note payable issued November 4, 2022, due on November 4, 2023 (C) 

Convertible note payable issued April 10, 2023, due on April 10, 2024 (F) 

Totals 

The above convertible notes contain
a variable conversion feature based on the future trading price of the Company common stock. Therefore, the number of shares of common
stock issuable upon conversion of the notes is indeterminate. Accordingly, we have recorded the fair value of the embedded conversion
features as a derivative liability at the respective issuance dates of the notes and charged the applicable amounts to debt discounts
and the remainder to other expense. The increase (decrease) in the fair value of the derivative liability from the respective issuance
dates of the notes to the measurement dates is charged (credited) to other expense (income). The fair value of the derivative liability
of the notes is measured at the respective issuance dates and quarterly thereafter using the Black Scholes option pricing model. 

Assumptions used for the calculations
of the derivative liability of the notes at May 31, 2023 include (1) stock price of 0.0041 per share, (2) exercise prices ranging from
 0.00004 to 0.001755 per share, (3) terms ranging from 0 days to 315 days, (4) expected volatility of 2,189 and (5) risk free interest
rates ranging from 4.65 to 5.28 . 

Assumptions used for the calculations
of the derivative liability of the notes at May 31, 2022 include (1) stock price of 0.001 per share, (2) exercise prices ranging from
 0.00004 to 0.00065 per share, (3) terms ranging from 0 days to 88 days, (4) expected volatility of 1,986 and (5) risk free interest
rates ranging from 0.73 to 1.16 . 

Concentration of Derivative Liability 

The derivative liability relates to
convertible notes payable due to: 

Lender B 

Lender C 

Lender D 

5 other lenders 

Total 

On November 9, 2016, the Company amended
its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 2,000,000,000 to 10,000,000,000 shares
and to amend the voting rights for the Series A Preferred Stock. As amended, each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have voting
rights equal to four times the sum of (a) all shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting; plus (b) the total
number of votes of all other classes of preferred stock which are issued and outstanding at the time of voting; divided by (c) the number
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting. The Series A Preferred Stock has no conversion, liquidation,
or dividend rights. 

On August 16, 2018, the Company entered
into a Merger Agreement by and among the Company, and The Marquie Group, Inc., a Utah Corporation TMGI ), pursuant to which
the Company merged with TMGI. The Company is the surviving corporation. Each shareholder of TMGI received one (1) share of common stock
of the Company for every one (1) share of TMGI common stock held as of August 16, 2018. In accordance with the terms of the merger agreement,
all of the shares of TMGI held by TMGI shareholders were cancelled, and 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company were issued to the
TMGI shareholders. 

TMGI was incorporated on August 3, 2018.
The merger provides the Company with certain registered trademarks and intellectual property of TMGI with respect to health, beauty, and
social networking products. The three stockholders of TMGI prior to the merger who received the 100,000 shares are (1) Marc Angell (CEO
of the Company) and Jacquie Angell (50,000 shares), (2) The OZ Corporation (holder of 103,250 of Company notes payable at May 31, 2020
and 2019 (25,000 shares), and (3) John Thomas P.C. (Company law firm and holder of 52,073 of Company notes payable at May 31, 2020 and
2019 (25,000 shares). Pursuant to ASC 805-50-30-5 relating to transactions between entities under common control, the intellectual property
of TMGI (and the issuance of the 100,000 shares of common stock) was recorded at -0-, the historical cost of the property to TMGI. 

During the year ended May 31, 2020,
the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock for the conversion of notes payable and accrued interest in the aggregate
amount of . We incurred a loss on the conversion of notes payable and accrued interest of , which represents the excess
of the fair value of the shares at the dates of conversion over the amount of debt satisfied. 

On August 28, 2019, the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC issued a Notice of Qualification regarding a Form 1-A filed by the Company in connection with
the Company s offering of up to 1,333,333,333 shares of common stock at a price of 0.0075 per share or a total offering of 10,000,000.
On December 26, 2019, the Company amended its Form 1-A Offering Circular to reduce the offering price from 0.0075 per share to 0.0035
per share. On February 25,2020, the Company amended its Form 1-A Offering Circular to reduce the offering price to per share.
As part of this offering, during the year ended May 31, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 117,866,667 shares of common stock for
cash in the amount of 320,400. The end date of the offering was August 28, 2020. 

On November 21, 2019, the Company merged
with Global Nutrition Experience, Inc. GNE in exchange for the issuance of a total of 160,000,000 shares of our common
stock to GNE s stockholders. Following the merger, the Company had 161,061,647 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. GNE
was incorporated on November 21, 2019. The stockholder of GNE prior to the merger who received the 160,000,000 shares was the Angell Family
Trust. Pursuant to ASC 805-50-30-5 relating to transactions between entities under common control, the intellectual property of GNE (and
the issuance of the 160,000,000 shares of common stock) were recorded at -0-, the historical cost of the property to GNE. During the
three months ended February 29, 2020, the Company issued an additional 33,000,000 shares of common stock as part of the merger. 

During the year ended May 31, 2021,
the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock for the conversion of notes payable and accrued interest in the
aggregate amount of . We incurred a loss on the conversion of notes payable and accrued interest of , which represents
the excess of the 2,280,092 fair value of the 4,304,842,121 shares at the dates of conversion over the 835,050 amount of debt satisfied. 

Effective April 21, 2022, the Company
effectuated a of the Company s Common Stock Reverse Split ), meaning that each 1,000 shares
of Common Stock is consolidated into 1 share of Common Stock following the reverse split, provided however, that fractional shares would
be rounded up to the nearest whole share. Following the Reverse Split, the Company had 16,189,732 common shares issued and outstanding.
The accompanying financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split. 

During the year ended May 31, 2022,
the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock for the conversion of notes payable and accrued interest in the aggregate
amount of . We incurred a loss on the conversion of notes payable and accrued interest of , which represents the excess
of the fair value of the shares at the dates of conversion over the amount of debt satisfied. 

During the year ended May 31, 2022,
the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock for the conversion of notes payable and accrued interest in the aggregate
amount of . 

and an accumulated
deficit of . These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

To date the Company has funded its operations
through a combination of loans and sales of common stock. The Company anticipates another net loss for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024
and with the expected cash requirements for the coming year, there is substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue
operations. 

The Company is attempting to improve
these conditions by way of financial assistance through issuances of additional equity and by generating revenues through sales of products
and services. 

The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

53 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

N/A - No change in accountant
for the annual period ended May 31, 2023 and to present. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Management s Report on Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 , as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, to allow for timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

As of May 31, 2023, the end
of our fiscal year covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, we concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. One member of our management team
handles all accounting duties including the recording of transactions, paying bills, and reconciling the bank account. We have minimized
this risk by having an external accountant review all transactions and make the appropriate adjustments. We do not have a formal audit
committee. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities
Exchange Act, as amended). In fulfilling this responsibility, estimates and judgments by management are required to assess the expected
benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management with reasonable, but
not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed
in accordance with management s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework . Our management
has concluded that, as of May 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting is not effective in providing reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
US generally accepted accounting principles. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered
public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by
the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit
the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Inherent limitations on effectiveness of controls 

Internal control over financial
reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation
of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns
resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management
override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a
timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into
the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

54 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

None. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

Change in Auditor 

On July 14, 2022, the Company
dismissed its independent registered accounting firm Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. and engaged Gries and Associates, LLC as its independent
accountant following the prior accountant s dismissal. 

55 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Board of Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of the following individual: 

Name and Year First Elected Director(1) 
 
 Age 
 
 Background Information 

Marc Angell 
 
 (2013) 

65 

Mr. Angell has been the Chief Executive Officer
 of The Marquie Group, Inc., since November 2012. Mr. Angell acquired the well-known Music of Your Life trademark in 2008, and in November
 2012, Angell formed Music of Your Life, Inc. as an entertainment company to capitalize on the growth and development of the Music of Your
 Life trademark and branding, including radio, TV, live concerts, and merchandising. Mr. Angell was a director of Wireless Village, Inc.,
 a telecommunications solution provider, and the public company, Concierge Technologies, Inc. from June, 2004 to January, 2008. In 2000,
 Mr. Angell became the founder and President of Planet Halo, a wireless telecommunications company, until he sold it in May, 2004 to Concierge
 Technologies, Inc. (OTC:BB CNCG). In January 1990 Mr. Angell founded Angellcom, a supplier and distributor of one-way paging devices in
 the U.S. He remained its CEO until 1999. Mr. Angell conceptualized, designed, and marketed both the one-way pagers for Angellcom and the
 Halo device for Planet Halo. Angellcom became one of the largest suppliers of one-way pagers in North America. During the 1990s, Mr. Angell
 was also involved in the land mobile radio business as a license holder and manager of 220MHz radio systems throughout the United States
 and Mexico. Angell became the first US citizen in history to hold a spectrum license in Mexico. 
 
 Mr. Angell was first-to-market with the iPad 
 trademark, the HALO trademark, and the WINGS trademark, all of which were successfully negotiated with their
 respective current owners. 

(1) The business address of
each of our directors is 7901 4 th St. N, Ste. 4000, St. Petersburgh, FL 33702 

Director Independence 

Because our common stock is
not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have used the definition of independence of The NASDAQ Stock
Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other
than an officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s
board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The
NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: 

the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company; 

the director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any period
of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among
other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

56 

a family member of the director is, or at any
time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the company; 

the director or a family member of the director
is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which the company made, or from which the company
received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue
for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

the director or a family member of the director is employed
as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three years, any of the executive officers of the company served
on the compensation committee of such other entity; or the director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the company s
outside auditor, or at any time during the past three years was a partner or employee of the company s outside auditor, and who
worked on the company s audit. We do not have any independent directors. We do not have an audit committee, compensation committee
or nominating committee. We do however have a code of ethics that applies to our officers, employees, and director. 

Compensation of Directors 

Although we anticipate compensating
the members of our board of directors in the future at industry levels, current members are not paid cash compensation for their service
as directors. Each director may be reimbursed for certain expenses incurred in attending board of directors and committee meetings. 

Board of Directors Meetings and Committees 

Although various items were
reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors via unanimous written consent during fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the Board held no
in-person meetings. 

We do not have Audit or Compensation
Committees of our board of directors. Because of the lack of financial resources available to us, we also do not have an audit
committee financial expert as such term is described in Item 401 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 

Changes in Procedures by which Security Holders
May Recommend Nominees to the Board 

Any
security holder who wishes to recommend a prospective director nominee should do so in writing by sending a letter to the Board of Directors.
The letter should be signed, dated, and include the name and address of the security holder making the recommendation, information to
enable the Board to verify that the security holder was the holder of record or beneficial owner of the company s securities as
of the date of the letter, and the name, address and resum of the potential nominee. Specific minimum qualifications for directors
and director nominees which the Board believes must be met in order to be so considered include, but are not limited to, management experience,
exemplary personal integrity and reputation, sound judgment, and sufficient time to devote to the discharge of his or her duties. There
have been no changes to the procedures by which a security holder may recommend a nominee to the Board during our most recently ended
fiscal year. 

Executive Officers 

Marc Angell is our sole executive
officer, serving as our Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, as well as our principal accounting and financial officer. Further information
pertaining to Mr. Angell s business background and experience is contained in the section above marked DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS,
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE . 

57 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

We are required to identify
each person who was an officer, director, or beneficial owner of more than 10 of our registered equity securities during our most recent
fiscal year and who failed to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

To our knowledge, during the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, based solely upon a review of such materials as are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
no other officer, director, or beneficial holder of more than ten percent of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock failed
to timely file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any form or report required to be so filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act of 1934. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company expects that its
Officers and Directors will maintain appropriate standards of honesty and ethical conduct in connection with the performance of their
duties on behalf of the Company. In recognition of this expectation, the Company has adopted a Code of Ethics. The purpose of this Code
of Ethics is to codify standards the Company believes are reasonably necessary to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct,
including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships and full, fair,
accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC ), or other regulatory bodies and in other public communications made by the Company. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following table summarizes
the total compensation for the two fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 of each person who served as our principal executive officer or principal
financial and accounting officer collectively, (the Named Executive Officers including any other executive officer who
received more than 100,000 in annual compensation from the Company. 

Executive salaries have
been accrued and remain unpaid for the years ending May 31, 2023, and 2022. We did not award cash bonuses, stock options or non-equity
incentive plan compensation to any Named Executive Officer during the two fiscal years ended May 31, 2023; thus, these items are omitted
from the table below: 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Stock Awards 
 All Other Compensation (1) 
 Total 

Marc Angell 
 2023 

240,000 
 240,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Secretary 
 2022 

120,000 
 120,000 

(1) Accrued consulting fees. See Notes 6 and 11 to the financial statements. 

There is no other arrangement
or understanding between our directors and officers and any other person pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected
as such. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There were no grants or equity
awards to our Named Executive Officers or directors during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 

58 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth
the beneficial ownership of each of our directors and executive officers, and each person known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of
the outstanding shares of our common stock, and our executive officers and directors as a group, as of September 12, 2023. Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power and has
the same address as us. Our address is 7901 4 th St. N, Ste. 4000, St. Petersburgh, FL 33702. As of September 12, 2023, there
were 884,291,250 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and 200 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights equal to four times the sum of (a) all shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
at the time of voting; plus (b) the total number of votes of all other classes of preferred stock which are issued and outstanding at
the time of voting; divided by (c) the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting. The
Series A Preferred Stock continues to have no conversion, liquidation, or dividend rights. The following table describes the ownership
of our voting securities (i) by each of our officers and directors, (ii) all of our officers and directors as a group, and (iii) each
person known to us to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock or any shares of our preferred stock. 

Name 

Sole Voting and Investment Power 

Other Beneficial Ownership 

Total 

Percent of Class Outstanding 

Jacquie Angell (1) 
 
 666,732,768 
 666,732,768 
 75.39 
 
 Marc Angell (2) 
 
 666,732,768 
 666,732,768 
 75.39 
 
 All directors/director nominees and executive officers as a group (1 person) 
 
 666,732,768 
 666,732,768 
 75.39 

(1) Shareholder and spouse of CEO/Chairman, Marc Angell. Includes 666,732,768 shares
of common stock held by Marc and Jacquie Angell, and the Angell Family Trust. 

(2) CEO/Chairman of the Board of Directors and spouse of shareholder, Jacquie Angell.
Includes 666,732,768 shares of common stock held by Marc and Jacquie Angell, and the Angell Family Trust.. Excludes 200 shares of Series
A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Angell which have super-voting rights, but no conversion, dividend, or liquidation rights. If the votes
of the Series A Preferred Stock were taken into account, Mr. Angell would beneficially hold approximately 75.39 of the voting securities
of the Company. 

Limitation of Liability of Directors and Officers; Indemnification
and Advance of Expenses 

Pursuant to our charter and
under Section 607.0850 of the 2012 Florida Statutes (hereafter, the Statutes ), our directors are not liable to us or our
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty, except for liability in connection with a breach of duty of loyalty,
for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, for authorization of illegal
dividend payments or stock redemptions under Florida law or any transaction from which a director has derived an improper personal benefit.
Our charter provides that we are authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses) to our directors, officers, employees,
and agents (and any other persons to which applicable law permits us to provide indemnification) through Bylaw provisions, agreements
with such persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

59 

We intend to enter into indemnification
agreements with certain of our current directors and officers. The indemnification agreement will indemnify the indemnitee to the fullest
extent permitted by law, including against third-party claims and claims by or in right of the Company or any subsidiary or majority-owned
partnership of the Company by reason of that person (including the advancement of expenses subject to certain conditions) (a) being a
director, officer employee or agent of the Company, or of any subsidiary or majority-owned partnership of the Company or (b) serving at
our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another entity. If appropriate, we will be entitled to assume the defense of
the claim with counsel selected by us and approved by the indemnitee (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld). Separate counsel
employed by the indemnitee will be at his or her own expense unless (1) the employment of separate counsel has been previously authorized
by us, (2) the indemnitee reasonably concludes there may be a conflict of interest or (3) we have not, in fact, employed counsel to assume
the defense of such claim. 

The Bylaws of the Company
provide for indemnification of Covered Persons substantially identical in scope to that permitted under the Florida Law. Such Bylaws provide
that the expenses of directors and officers of the Company incurred in defending any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, must be paid by the Company as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action,
suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay all amounts so advanced if it
is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. 

Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification
for Securities Act Liabilities 

Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions
above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in
the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

In the event that a claim
for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our directors, officers,
or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or
controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been
settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and we will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue 

Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws 

Our charter and bylaws provide
that our board of directors will have the exclusive power to make, alter, amend, or repeal any provision of our bylaws. 

Change of Control 

On February 26, 2013, Marc
Angell purchased a controlling interest in the Company. Through his ownership of 200 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, he and may unilaterally
determine the election of the Board and other substantive matters requiring approval of the Company s stockholders. 

Other than the transactions
and agreements disclosed in this Report, the Registrant knows of no arrangements which may result in a change of control of the Registrant. 

No officer, director, promoter,
or affiliate of the Registrant has, or proposes to have, any direct or indirect material interest in any asset proposed to be acquired
by the Registrant through security holdings, contracts, options or otherwise. 

60 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

On March 4, 2016, the Board
of Directors of Music of Your Life, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company issued all 200 previously authorized but unissued
shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock to the Company s sole officer and director Marc Angell. At
May 31, 2023, the Preferred Stock collectively holds 80 of the total voting power of the Company. 

On November 9, 2016, the Company
amended its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 2,000,000,000 to 10,000,000,000
shares and to amend the voting rights for the Series A Preferred Stock. As amended, each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have
voting rights equal to four times the sum of (a) all shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting; plus (b) the
total number of votes of all other classes of preferred stock which are issued and outstanding at the time of voting; divided by (c) the
number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting. The Series A Preferred Stock continues to have
no conversion, liquidation, or dividend rights. 

On August 16, 2018 (the Closing
Date ), Music of Your Life, Inc. (the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, and The Marquie Group, Inc., a Utah corporation TMGI ), pursuant to which the Company merged with
TMGI. The Company was the surviving corporation. Each shareholder of TMGI received one (1) share of common stock of the Company for every
one (1) share of TMGI common stock held as of August 16, 2018. In accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, all of the shares
of TMGI held by TMGI shareholders were cancelled, and 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company were issued to the TMGI shareholders.
A majority of these shares, 50,000 shares of common stock of the Company were issued to Marc and Jacquie Angell, affiliates of the Company.
This is considered a related party transaction. The TMGI merger will provide the Company with certain registered trademarks and intellectual
property of TMGI with respect to health, beauty, and social networking products. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

On July 14, 2022, the Company
dismissed its independent registered accounting firm Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. and engaged Gries and Associates, LLC as its independent
accountant following the prior accountant s dismissal. The following table sets forth fees invoiced by our independent registered
accounting firm Gries and Associates, LLC during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, and Michael T. Studer, CPA P.C. during the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2022: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 31,500 
 30,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Tax Fees 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 All Other Fees 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Total Fees 
 31,500 
 30,000 

It is the policy of the Board
of Directors, which presently completes the functions of the Audit Committee, to engage the independent accountants selected to conduct
our financial audit and to confirm, prior to such engagement, that such independent accountants are independent of the company. All services
of the independent registered accounting firms reflected above were pre-approved by the Board of Directors. 

61 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS. 

The following exhibits are filed with or incorporated
by referenced in this report: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement by and between Zhong Sen International Tea Company, Music of Your Life, Inc., Music of Your Life Merger Sub, Inc. dated May 31, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2013) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated March 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
 Registrant s Current Report on Form S-1/A filed on November 22, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics for the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form
 S-1/A filed on November 22, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Marc Angell 
 
 32 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Marc Angell 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

62 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

THE MARQUIE GROUP, INC. 

(formerly Music of Your Life, Inc.) 

/s/ Marc Angell 
 
 Dated: September 13, 2023 
 By: Marc Angell, Chief Executive Officer, 
 and Principal Financial Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange
Act, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Marc Angell 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 September 13, 2023 
 
 Marc Angell 

/s/ Marc Angell 
 
 Director 
 September 13, 2023 
 
 Marc Angell 

63 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 marquie_ex2101.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

1. Music of Your Life, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 marquie_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Marc Angell of The Marquie Group, Inc.
(formerly Music of Your Life, Inc.) (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this 10-K of the Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. As the Company's sole certifying officer I am responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter (the Company's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. As the Company's sole certifying officer. I have
disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee
of the Company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 13, 2023 

/s/ Marc Angell 

 Marc Angell 

 Principal Executive Officer and 

 Principal Financial
Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32>
 4
 marquie_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Marc Angell, Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of The Marquie Group, Inc. (formerly Music of Your Life, Inc.) (the
 Company certify that: 

1. I have reviewed the annual
report on Form 10-K of the Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual
report; and 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the period presented in this annual report. 

Date: September 13, 2023 

/s/ Marc Angell 

 Marc Angell 

 Principal Executive Officer and 

 Principal Financial
Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tmgi-20230531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tmgi-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tmgi-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tmgi-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

