<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230713_10-K_edgar_data_1602078_0001079973-23-000949.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5572791</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>232364</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1018603</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1809327</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1063780</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1298640</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-23-000949.hdr.sgml : 20230713
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230713163156
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-23-000949
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230713
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230713

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nemaura Medical Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001602078
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				465027260
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38355
		FILM NUMBER:		231087094

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		57 WEST 57TH STREET
		CITY:			MANHATTAN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44-1509-222-912

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		57 WEST 57TH STREET
		CITY:			MANHATTAN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-23-000949.txt : 20230713

10-K
 1
 nmra_10k-033123.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________
to _________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant's telephone number, including
area code: + 1 - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
 of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Trading Symbol 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

 The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed final fiscal quarter (March 31, 2023) was approximately million. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock as of
July 13, 2023, was . 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

None 

NEMAURA MEDICAL INC. 

 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 18 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 28 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 28 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 28 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 29 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 29 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 29 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 33 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 34 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 35 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 35 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 35 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 36 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 40 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 41 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 42 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 43 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 43 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 44 

2 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report that are
not historical facts constitute forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
and are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created by that Act. Reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements because
they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements
to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date made. We undertake no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which they are made. 

 The words believe, anticipate, 
 design, estimate, plan, predict, seek, expect, intend, 
 may, could, should, potential, likely, projects, continue, 
 will, and would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all
forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of the future as there
are a number of meaningful factors that could cause Nemaura Medical Inc. s Nemaura Medical actual results to vary
materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions made based on experience,
expected future developments and other factors Nemaura Medical believes are appropriate in the circumstances. Factors which could cause
actual results to differ from expectations, many of which are beyond Nemaura Medical s control, include, but are not limited to,
obtaining regulatory approval for our sugarBEAT device, conducting successful clinical trials, executing agreements required to successfully
advance the Company's objectives; retaining the management and scientific team to advance the product; overcoming adverse changes in market
conditions and the regulatory environment; obtaining and enforcing intellectual property rights; obtaining adequate financing in the future
through product licensing, public or private equity or debt financing or otherwise; dealing with general business conditions and competition;
and other factors referenced herein in Risk Factors. Except as required by law, we do not assume any obligation to
update any forward-looking statement. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

3 

PART I 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

 Business Overview 

 We are a medical technology company that has developed sugarBEAT ,
a non-invasive, flexible, continuous glucose monitoring system, for adjunctive use by persons with diabetes, and any person wishing to
determine factors influencing their blood glucose profiles. SugarBEAT consists of a disposable adhesive skin-patch containing a
sensor, which is connected to a rechargeable wireless transmitter. The sensor takes a measurement of the glucose reading every 5 minutes
and sends the data by low energy blue tooth to a smart device such as mobile phone (both android and iOS). An app on the smart device
uses a proprietary algorithm to display true glucose values, after the data is calibrated using a minimum of one finger stick calibration.
SugarBEAT works by extracting glucose from the skin into a chamber in the patch that is in direct contact with an electrode-based
sensor. The data is recorded on the application and can be viewed in real time as well as storing all historic data for later evaluation
as desired. We believe sugarBEAT may be utilized by any person with diabetes, whether Type 1 or Type 2 and also by any persons
wishing to determine factors affecting their blood glucose profiles, and therefore their state of metabolic health in terms of insulin
resistance. 

 On May 29, 2019, we announced that we had been awarded CE approval
to allow sugarBEAT to be legally sold in the European Union. CE approval is disclosed by the use of the CE mark, a manufacturers'
declaration that the product meets the requirements of the applicable European laws. The European clinical trial program for sugarBEAT 
evaluated 525 patient days across 75 Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic patients and was completed in December 2017. CE approval is the process
to achieve a mandatory conformity marking for the sugarBEAT device to allow it to be legally sold in the European Union. It is a
manufacturers' declaration that the product meets the requirements of the applicable European laws. This approval is subject to an annual
review of the underlying ISO 13485 accredited Quality Management System. The accreditation was successfully renewed in November 2021. 

 We also submitted a PMA (Premarket Approval) application to
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA with the same label claim as achieved for CE approval, an adjunct device
for glucose trending for persons with diabetes. The PMA is currently under review. 

 In July 2020, we filed a PMA application with the FDA to use
sugarBEAT as an adjunct to finger prick testing for blood glucose trending. We, along with other applicants, were then informed
by the FDA that the approval process was subject to delays as a result of the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health CDRH being actively engaged in responding to the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in staff being reallocated to other
approval requests associated with COVID-19. In April 2021 the FDA confirmed that it was recommencing its review of the PMA application,
and in December 2021, the FDA s Bio-monitoring research division conducted an audit of the clinical program submitted in support
of the PMA application. A single 483 observation was raised, and the Company submitted a full response in January 2022. The FDA subsequently
scheduled a pre-market inspection for the second calendar quarter of 2022, intended to cover the FDA s Quality System/Current Good
Manufacturing Practice regulations for Medical Devices (21 CFR Part 820). 

 In addition to this, Nemaura established that proBEAT TM ,
which is based on the sugarBEAT platform, can be classified under the Wellness guidance when it is used according to the FDA Wellness
guidance notes, to provide prompts and educate users on factors affecting their blood sugar profiles. 

 We believe there are additional applications for sugarBEAT 
and the underlying BEAT technology platform, which may include: 

a web-server accessible by physicians and diabetes professionals to track
the condition remotely, thereby reducing healthcare costs and managing the condition more effectively; 

a complete virtual doctor that monitors a person's vital signs and transmits
results via the web; 

other
patches using the BEAT technology platform to measure alternative analytes, including lactate. This would be a step-change in the monitoring
of conditions, particularly in the hospital setting. Lactate monitoring is currently used to determine the relative fitness of professional
athletes and we completed preliminary studies demonstrating the application of the BEAT technology for continuous lactate monitoring; 

a continuous temperature monitoring system which could have various applications. 

4 

Our Business Strategy 

 We intend to lead in the
discovery, development and commercialization of innovative and targeted diagnostic medical devices, and data-driven digital platforms,
that improve disease monitoring, management and overall patient care in both the consumer well-being space and medical sector. Specifically,
we intend to focus on the monitoring of molecules that can be drawn out through the skin non-invasively using our technology platform.
In addition to glucose, such molecules may include lactic acid monitoring and the monitoring of prescription drugs and blood biomarkers
that may help in the diagnosis, prevention, or management of diseases, such as diabetes. We plan to take the following steps to implement
our broad business strategy. Our key commercial strategies post-approval will first be implemented in Europe and then in parts of the
Middle East and Asia, and then the U.S., as follows: 

- Commercialize sugarBEAT in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland.
 We intend to commercialize sugarBEAT in the United Kingdom, and Republic of Ireland with MySugarWatch Limited (previously known
as Dallas Burston Ethitronix Limited) MSW ), with whom we have an exclusive marketing rights agreement for these two countries.
We have also signed a full commercial agreement with MySugarWatch (Europe) Limited (previously known as Dallas Burston Ethitronix (Europe)
Limited) in May 2018 for all other European territories as part of an equal joint venture agreement. The joint venture intends to seek
sub-license rights opportunities to one or more leading companies in the diabetes monitoring space, to leverage their network,
infrastructure and resources. 

- Establish licensing or joint venture agreements with other parties to
market sugarBEAT in other geographies . We are in detailed discussions and negotiations with several other parties
worldwide for licensing or joint venture agreements for the sale of the sugarBEAT device and have signed commercial agreements with
TP MENA for the Gulf Cooperation Council. TP MENA have submitted an application to the Saudi Arabian Regulatory Agency for registration
of sugarBEAT in the KSA (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia). 

- Seek FDA PMA approval of sugarBEAT . The PMA application is currently
in review by the FDA. 

- Expand the indications for which the sugarBEAT device may
be used . We believe that the sugarBEAT device may offer significant benefits as compared to those found in the non-acute setting
for the monitoring of other diseases. This includes monitoring of lactic acid for performance athletics, and the monitoring of drugs.
We have completed initial proof of concept for lactate monitoring and now plan to explore the route to commercialization for well-being
applications in athletic performance training, and plan to undertake further clinical programs to support clinical use of the device for
lactate monitoring. 

- Expand our product pipeline through our proprietary platform technologies,
acquisitions and strategic licensing arrangements. We intend to leverage our proprietary platform technologies to grow our portfolio
of product candidates for the diagnosis of diabetes and other diseases. This includes digital platforms driven by data gathered by our
sensors within the medical and wellbeing markets, such as for metabolic health monitoring. In addition, we intend to license our product
and acquire products and technologies that are consistent with our research and development and business focus and strategies. This may
include digital solutions for managing chronic disease conditions, supported with sensor data, drug delivery products for the improved
management of diabetes, for example improved insulin injector systems, and/or combination drug products for diabetes related drugs. 

 Product Development 

 Management has extensive experience in regulatory and clinical
development of diagnostic medical devices. We intend to take advantage of this experience in the field of diagnostic medical devices
in an attempt to increase the probability of product approval in multiple territories. The overall regulatory process for diagnostic
medical devices for diabetes is currently similar to those governing other diagnostic devices. The timelines are shorter than, for example,
when new drugs or completely invasive diagnostic devices are trialed in clinics. We have successfully tested and evaluated the device
for its clinical output, in this case the accuracy and safety with which it can trend blood glucose levels, based on which CE approval
was granted by the Notified Body BSI. A PMA (pre-market approval) application was also submitted to the FDA and is currently under review.
We continue to seek collaborations with future licensees and marketing partners to achieve our commercial growth milestones. 

 Market Opportunity for the Company's Products 

 According to the International Diabetes Federation Atlas 10 th
 Edition 2021 (the IDF ), there are approximately 537 million adults living with diabetes, representing 10.5 of the
world s population in this age group. This number is predicted to rise to 643 million (11.3 by 2030 and to 783 million (12.2 by 2045. Additionally an estimated 240 million people are living with undiagnosed diabetes worldwide, meaning almost one-in-two adults
with diabetes are unaware they have the condition. The IDF identifies that almost 90 of people with undiagnosed diabetes live in low-and-middle
income countries. 

 Statistics published by the IDF evidence
the fact that diabetes is a huge and growing problem, and that whilst the costs to society are already high, they continue to escalate.
In addition, the IDF also notes that Europe has the highest prevalence of children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes, as well as the
highest incidence annually. Europe is also reported as having the second highest average cost per person with diabetes 3,086), with
only North America and the Caribbean being higher 8,208). 

5 

Statistical Data for Diabetes Globally 

2021 
 2030 
 2045 
 
 Total world population 
 7.9 billion 
 8.6 billion 
 9.5 billion 
 
 Adult population (20-79 years) 
 5.1 billion 
 5.7 billion 
 6.4 billion 

Diabetes (20 79 years) 
 
 Prevalence ) 
 10.5 
 11.3 
 12.2 
 
 Number of people with diabetes 
 536.6 million 
 642.7 million 
 783.2 million 
 
 Total health expenditure due to diabetes (2021 
 966 billion 
 1,028 billion 
 1,054 billion 

Impaired Glucose Tolerance IGT (20 79 years) 
 
 Prevalence ) 
 10.6 
 11.0 
 11.4 
 
 Number of people with IGT 
 541.0 million 
 622.7 million 
 730.3 million 

Type 1 diabetes (0 19 years) 
 
 Number of children / adolescents with Type 1 diabetes 
 1.2 million 
 - 
 - 
 
 Number of newly diagnosed cases per year 
 184,100 
 - 
 - 

Type 1 diabetes, once known as juvenile diabetes or insulin-dependent
diabetes, is a chronic condition in which the pancreas produces little or no insulin, a hormone needed to allow sugar (glucose) to enter
cells to produce energy. The far more common Type 2 diabetes occurs when the body becomes resistant to the effects of insulin or doesn't
make enough insulin. 

 Various factors may contribute to Type 1 diabetes including
genetics and exposure to certain viruses. Although Type 1 diabetes typically appears during childhood or adolescence, it also can develop
in adults. 

 Despite active research, Type 1 diabetes
has no cure, although it can be managed. With proper treatment, people who have Type 1 diabetes can expect to live longer, healthier lives
than they did in the past. Type 1 diabetes includes autoimmune Type 1 diabetes (Type 1a) which is characterized by having positive autoantibodies,
as well as idiopathic Type 1 diabetes (Type 1b) where autoantibodies are negative, and c-peptide is low. Patients with Type 1 diabetes
(insulin dependent) require long term treatment with exogenous insulin and these patients perform self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG)
to calculate the appropriate dose of insulin. SMBG is done by using blood samples obtained by finger sticks but frequent SMBG does not
detect all the significant deviations in blood glucose, specifically in patients who have rapidly fluctuating glucose levels. 

 Type 2 diabetes, once known as adult-onset or non-insulin-dependent
diabetes, is a chronic condition that affects the way your body metabolizes sugar (glucose), your body's main source of fuel. With Type
2 diabetes, your body either resists the effects of insulin, a hormone that regulates the movement of sugar into your cells or doesn't
produce enough insulin to maintain a normal glucose level. Untreated, Type 2 diabetes can be life-threatening. 

 More common in adults, Type 2 diabetes increasingly
affects children as childhood obesity increases. Whilst there is currently no acknowledged cure for Type 2 diabetes, there is increasing
evidence to suggest that it can be effectively managed by eating well, exercising and maintaining a healthy weight. If diet and exercise
don't control the blood sugar, diabetes medications or insulin therapy may be required. 

Each year, millions of patients undergo diabetes testing in
the European Union and in the U.S. The main reason for this testing is to detect and evaluate diabetes in patients with symptoms of diabetes.
These studies provide clinical benefit in the initial evaluation of patients with suspected but unproven diabetes, and in those patients
in whom a diagnosis of diabetes has been established and information on prognosis or risk is required. 

 We believe that our market opportunity is
a direct function of the number of persons tested, diagnosed and treated for Type 2 diabetes. The IDF indicates that the total world market
opportunity for a continuous glucose monitoring device is in the billions of dollars and is projected to grow annually as incidences of
diabetes continue to grow. 

6 

We do not believe it is possible to estimate
the number of diabetes patients that undergo finger pricks or other types of invasive glucose monitoring. However, we are unaware of any
product currently on the market that may allow for non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring. We believe the sugarBEAT device may
be readily adopted by the medical community for the assessment of a patient continuously. 

We believe our non-invasive sugarBEAT 
device possesses many significant advantages and may represent an ideal device for the detection of discordances in an individual's blood
sugar levels. We believe the CE approved sugarBEAT device may represent a best-in-class non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring
device to reach those afflicted with diabetes. While we cannot estimate the market share that our sugarBEAT device may capture, we
believe that the sugarBEAT device will capture a significant share of the non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring market, in-particular
the market that has been established by the Abbott Freestyle Libre device for glucose trending, as well as be adopted by non-insulin dependent
diabetics who have not historically used continuous glucose monitoring devices due to their invasiveness. 

7 

Commercialization Plan 

 Throughout the fiscal year ended March 31,
2023, we worked with our UK Licensee, MSW, to provide support in the development of their go-to-market strategy which incorporates the
utilization of our sugarBEAT device into their own branded product offering. While COVID-19 did result in some short delays to MSW s
user assessment program, the overall feedback was positive, albeit the anticipated timetable for purchase orders to be placed by MSW
was extended out, with the first order for 5,000 sugarBEAT transmitters and 200,000 sugarBEAT sensors placed in April 2021.
During the fiscal year to March 2023 our focus has been to support our licensee to gather user feedback to support an application of
reimbursement of the sensors and we continue to support these endeavors. We also took the following actions during the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2023: 

Increased headcount of production operatives to facilitate product manufacture 

Started
to receive components / materials from forward orders previously placed for raw materials to support scale-up and secure inventory of
those items that are currently in short supply globally i.e. electronic components such as microprocessors, etc. 

Continued to work with Benchmark Electronics Inc as our CMO partner to facilitate
future volume scale up of transmitter production via its FDA approved facility in Thailand, by undertaking electronic PCBA (Printed Circuit
Board Assembly) batch qualification runs 

Completed phased delivery of transmitters against purchase order received
from MSW in December 2021 

 We also advanced our plans to develop our go-to-market
capabilities in the U.S., which included: 

In July 2020, we submitted a PMA application to the FDA for the sugarBEAT device for glucose profiling
as an adjunct to a finger-stick measurement. We, along with other applicants, were then informed by the FDA that the approval process
was subject to delays as a result of the CDRH being actively engaged in responding to the pandemic caused by COVID-19 which resulted in
staff being reallocated to other approval requests associated with COVID-19. In April 2021, the FDA confirmed that it would recommence
its review of the PMA application. 

In December 2021, the FDA s Bio-monitoring research division conducted an audit of the clinical
program submitted in support of the PMA application. A single 483 observation was raised, and the Company submitted a full response in
January 2022. 

The FDA subsequently conducted a pre-market inspection during the second calendar quarter of 2022,
covering the FDA s Quality System / Current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations for Medical Devices (21 CFR Part 820). Once
again a single 483 observation was made, and this was responded to within the mandated time frame. The company continues its dialogue
with the FDA with respect to the PMA submission and plans to provide further material updates as they arise in due course. 

 In addition to this, we
continue to explore commercialization opportunities in other key geographic markets and intend to provide material updates as they arise.. 

 Competitive Landscape 

 To the best of our knowledge, there are
currently no other competing devices on the market that offer continuous glucose monitoring and profiling, non-invasively, with a single
day sensor wear. We believe this positions us uniquely in a market where we can target persons with diabetes as well as those that are
pre-diabetic. Additionally, we believe that this can also be used to improve outcomes in weight management and wellbeing markets. There
are companies, such as Dexcom and Abbott, that currently offer Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) sensors with 10 and 14 continuous day
wear, respectively. These companies could be deemed future competitors were they to: 

develop and market products that are less expensive or more effective than
our current and/or future products; 

operate larger research and development programs or have substantially greater
financial resources than we do; 

initiate or withstand substantial price competition more successfully than
we can; 

have greater success in recruiting skilled technical and scientific workers
from the limited pool of available talent; 

more effectively negotiate third-party licenses and strategic relationships;
and 

take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily than we
can. 

We may compete for market share against
these companies and potential newcomers in this general field. These potential competitors, either alone or together with their partners,
may develop new products that will compete with ours, and these competitors may, and in certain cases do, operate larger research and
development programs, or have substantially greater financial resources than we do. 

As noted, while it is difficult to analyze our major competitors
since currently there are no non-invasive diagnostic medical devices to continuously monitor blood glucose levels, we anticipate that
specific companies may compete with us in the future. 

8 

Regulatory Requirements 

Our device has undergone the applicable
electrical safety testing and biocompatibility has been demonstrated against the relevant European Directives, Regulations and Standards.
If and when new materials are introduced, they will undergo a biocompatibility risk assessment, and further testing where necessary. Batches
of the device and patches were manufactured for human clinical studies that took place between November 2014 and December 2015. This was
a functional watch device with a wire connection to a skin adhered sensor and electrode. Subsequent to studies conducted in India the
device received a CE mark approval in February 2016. The device has since been upgraded to reduce it in size, include an enhanced sensor
system and allow wireless communication from a body worn transmitter. This miniaturized wireless device achieved CE approval in May 2019,
and a PMA was submitted to the U.S. FDA in July 2020 and is currently in review. An application for CE mark approval requires the Company
to have an ISO13485 Quality Management System, covering the design, development and manufacture of a medical device. Nemaura Medical does
not have this accreditation, and instead under the terms of a service contract dated April 4, 2018, with Nemaura Pharma Limited Pharma ),
Nemaura Medical has outsourced the CE approval registration process to Pharma. Pharma, a related company, is controlled by our Chief Executive
Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and majority shareholder, Dr D.F.H. Chowdhury. Under the terms of the service contract Pharma
has undertaken all required activities to register the product for CE approval under a fee for service arrangement, while Nemaura Medical
will retain full title and beneficial ownership of the CE mark, and all related intellectual property without any further payments or
royalties becoming due other than the fee for service. 

Intellectual Property 

We believe that clear and extensive intellectual
property relating to our technologies is central to long-term success and we intend to invest accordingly. This applies to both domestic
and international patent coverage, and trade secrets, and trademarks. 

The sugarBEAT technology is protected by our portfolio
of intellectual property comprised of issued and pending patents and trade secrets covering a range of claims, including the methods
and apparatus for measuring glucose extracted from human skin in a non-invasive manner, devices for extracting glucose from the skin
is a stable manner, devices for reducing background noise signals, algorithm for converting raw data in to glucose values to calibrate
the device, and the formulation and process for preparation of the enzyme solution used in the sensor. 

 On May 8, 2014, NDM Technologies Limited,
a related company, assigned the UK patent application 1208950.4 and International (PCT) patent application PCT/GB2013/051322 entitled
 Cumulative Measurement of an Analyte to Dermal Diagnostics Limited DDL for a nominal consideration. 

Additional patents are intended to be filed
in the future relating to the device and sensor, providing new intellectual property protection. Some of the recently filed patents and
future patents may supersede previous intellectual property. 

Additionally, we retain substantial
trade secrets relating to aspects of the sensor manufacture process and the sensor formulation, which have taken
several years to develop, and will prove challenging to reverse engineer as it consists of formulation components in addition to processing
methods in complex combinations that are unique to the final functional sensor. Patents will not be filed on this aspect of the technology
to avoid any public dissemination of the know-how. 

These patents and know-how cover aspects
of the technology platform. Furthermore, the trademarks BEAT and sugarBEAT have been registered in multiple key global territories.
Accordingly, all intellectual property essential to the sugarBEAT product is owned by us, and not subject to royalty payments.
We intend to take the lead in the preservation and/or prosecution of these patents and patent applications going forward as required.
We intend to file additional patents as the development progresses, where deemed to be of value to protecting the technology platform
and future modifications and improvements. Where patents cannot be secured, or existing patents are superseded by new know-how or technical
developments that cannot be patented the intellectual property will be limited to know-how and trade secrets, and these will be diligently
guarded. 

9 

Trade Secrets, Trademarks, and Patents Filed, Granted and
Pending 

IP: Patent (Core Claim),
 Know-how, Trademark 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Jurisdictions in which
 Granted / Issued 
 
 Jurisdictions in which
 Pending 
 
 Ongoing Royalty or Milestone
 Payments 

Patent: Cumulative Measurement of an Analyte (1) 
 
 May 20, 2033 
 
 Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain, Netherlands, UK, China, Japan, USA, Canada, UAE, Brazil 
 
 Qatar 
 
 None. Internal development 
 
 Skin Prep Patch (2) 
 
 December 2, 2039 
 
 UK 
 
 Europe, USA 
 
 None. Internal development 
 
 Know-how: Sensor Formulation and manufacture processes 
 
 N/A 
 
 Trade Secret 
 
 N/A 
 
 None. Internal development 

Trademark: 
 BEAT 
 
 Renewal due in 2026 
 
 UK, Canada, China, EU, India, Japan, Norway, Russia, Singapore 
 
 Malaysia, Brazil, Mexico, Switzerland, Turkey 
 
 None. Internal development 
 
 Trademark: sugarBEAT 
 
 Renewal due in 2025 
 
 UK, Canada, Australia, Switzerland, China, Egypt, EU, Israel, India, Iran, Japan, North Korea, Morocco, Mexico, Norway, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, Tunisia, Turkey, USA 
 
 N/A 
 
 None. Internal development 

Sensors for metabolic health (3) 

December 7, 2041 
 
 N/A 
 
 UK 
 
 None. Internal development 

(1) This patent provides a formula for
calculating the amount of glucose extracted over a defined period of time by deducting the difference between two readings to allow rapid
sensing without needing to deplete the analyte being measured. 

 (2) This patent describes a device and
method for preparing the skin for extraction of glucose. 

Clinical Trials 

 Our clinical testing have been conducted
by contract clinical research organizations in various centers around the world to cover a wide demographic including Asia and
Europe and is managed by our in-house management team. 

We had 2 pre-submission meetings with the
FDA in June 2016, to define the clinical roadmap. As a result, a detailed clinical plan was developed and approved internally and a clinical
site in Europe was selected and audited and approved for commencement of clinical studies using the body worn transmitter device version
of the sugarBEAT . The study was completed, and a PMA application submitted to the FDA in July 2020. 

The data from these studies was also submitted
as part of the CE approval in Europe was received in May 2019. 

Research and development 

We spent 1,538,615 and 1,556,988 during the
fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, on research and development; management currently anticipated that spend in
this area will remain reasonably consistent in the coming fiscal year. 

 Manufacturing 

 The manufacture and sale of CE certified
medical devices are controlled and governed by guidelines stipulated in the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), more
specifically ISO13485; sugarBEAT will be manufactured and marketed according to ISO13485 quality standards. 

In support of commercial sales of sugarBEAT 
in the UK and EU we have worked with our manufacturing partner Nemaura Pharma, to scale-up manufacturing of the various sugarBEAT 
components alongside facilities for final assembly and packaging. As part of this process, we have expanded our manufacturing and assembly
capabilities by occupying additional space within our existing headquarters site at Loughborough University Science and Enterprise Park
(LUSEP) in the UK. 

10 

We have entered into the following types
of agreements with various manufacturing partners: 

Manufacturing agreements for the sensor manufacture 

Manufacturing agreements for the patch manufacture 

Manufacturing agreements for the CGM transmitter device and re-charging
station manufacture 

 Sales and Marketing 

 An Exclusive Marketing Rights agreement
for the UK and Republic of Ireland was signed on March 31, 2014 with Dallas Burston Pharma, a Jersey (Channel Island) based company DB
Pharma (subsequently updated in 2018 and again in 2021 to include a change in the company name to MySugarWatch Limited MSW ),
who has pharmaceutical product marketing operations in the UK and has demonstrated a very successful model for the marketing of prescription
medical products directly to general practitioners. We received a non-refundable upfront payment of 1 million 1.67 million at
the then exchange rate) in return for providing MSW with the exclusive right to sell the sugarBEAT device in the UK and Republic
of Ireland, both direct to consumer and through prescriptions by general practitioners. The key terms of the Exclusive Marketing Rights
Agreement were concluded in a Commercial Agreement signed in August 2015. This agreement was updated and re-issued in October 2019 to
cover new IP / improvements to the technology. 

In addition, a joint venture agreement was entered into with
MySugar Watch (Europe) Limited (previously known as Dallas Burston Ethitronix (Europe) Limited) in May 2018, whereby we will share equally
the costs and net profits of the sales of our sugarBEAT system in all territories in Europe, with the exception of the United Kingdom,
which is the subject of a separate agreement with MSW. This agreement was updated and re-issued in October 2019 to cover new IP/ improvements
to the technology. Commercial agreements were signed in 2018 with TPMENA and Al-Danah Medical, for the Gulf Region (GCC) and Qatar respectively. 

 Regulatory matters 

Government Regulation 

 Our business is subject to extensive federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to the protection of the environment, and health and safety. Some of the pertinent
laws have not been definitively interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of
subjective interpretations. In addition, these laws and their interpretations are subject to change, or new laws may be enacted. 

 Both federal and state governmental agencies continue to subject
the healthcare industry to intense regulatory scrutiny, including heightened civil and criminal enforcement efforts. We believe that
we have structured our business operations to comply with all applicable legal requirements. However, it is possible that governmental
entities or other third parties could interpret these laws differently and assert otherwise. We discuss below the statutes and regulations
that are most relevant to our business. 

 United Kingdom and Wales and the European Union regulations 

 Government authorities in the United Kingdom
and Wales and the European Union as well as other foreign countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development,
testing, manufacture, labelling, promotion, advertising, distribution, sampling, marketing and import and export of medical devices, including
patches and other pharmaceutical products. Our body worn transmitter devices in the United Kingdom and Wales will be subject to strict
regulation and require regulatory approval prior to commercial distribution. The process of obtaining governmental approvals and complying
with ongoing regulatory requirements requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. In addition, statutes, rules,
regulations and policies may change and new legislation or regulations may be issued that could delay such approvals. If we fail to comply
with applicable regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process, or after approval, we may
become subject to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the authority's refusal to approve pending applications,
withdrawals of approvals, clinical holds, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of our operations,
injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. Any agency enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 

11 

The European Commission on Public Health
(the ECPH provides the regulation for the development and commercialization of new medical diagnostic devices. Any medical
device placed on the European market must comply with the relevant legislation, notably with Directive 93/42/EEC for medical devices,
with the active implantable devices Directive (90/385/EEC) or with the in vitro devices Directive (98/79/EC). From 26 th 
May 2021, all newly approved medical devices must comply with the Medical Device Regulation (2017/745). Before manufacture / import, it
must be determined whether the device in question falls under any of these Directives. All medical devices must fulfil the essential requirements
set out in the above-mentioned directives. Where available, relevant standards may be used to demonstrate compliance with the essential
requirements defined in the devices Directives. 

Manufacturers also need to determine the
appropriate conformity assessment route. For devices falling under Directive 93/42/EEC / Regulation 2017/745, other than custom-made devices
and devices intended for clinical investigation, the conformity assessment route depends on the class of the device, to be determined
in accordance with certain rules set forth in the directives / regulations. Once the applicable class or list has been determined, manufacturers
need to follow the appropriate conformity assessment procedure. Subject to the type of the device, this may require manufacturers to have
their quality systems and technical documentation reviewed by a Notified Body before they can place their products on the market. A Notified
Body is a third-party body that can carry out a conformity assessment recognized by the European Union. The Notified Body will need to
assure itself that relevant requirements have been met before issuing relevant certification. Manufacturers can then place the CE marking
on their products to demonstrate compliance with the requirements. 

The CE approval is the process of achieving
a mandatory conformity marking for the sugarBEAT device to allow it to be legally sold in the European Union. It is a manufacturers'
declaration that the product meets the requirements of the applicable European laws. The process for the sugarBEAT device CE submission
and approval involved the following: 

1. The device is classified depending
on certain categories described by the European Directive with Class I products being low risk (e.g., band aid plasters), with Class III
devices being the highest risk. The classes are Class I, IIa, IIb and III. Risk is based upon the potential harm to the patient should
a problem arise with a product or its use. The sugarBEAT device is classified as a IIb device. 

2. A 'technical file' containing all of
the information required to demonstrate that the product meets the essential requirements of the European directive will be prepared.
This includes information relating to performance and safety of the device such as product specifications, labelling, instructions for
use, risk analysis and specific test information/clinical evidence relating to the product that support the claims being made for the
product. 

3. Clinical evidence included in the technical
file is expected to demonstrate that the device is safe and meets defined performance requirements. This clinical evidence can be in the
form of literature data where substantial published data exists that utilizes the same technique for glucose extraction and measurement
(albeit in a different device format), or data from actual clinical studies performed using the sugarBEAT device. The first CE mark
submission was based on literature evaluation of 3 rd party published clinical data available in the public domain. The final
CE mark submission has claims based on the clinical performance of the device, based on clinical studies described earlier herein. The
clinical data showed that the sugarBEAT device can trend blood glucose levels in a human subject by taking measurements every 5 minutes.
The clinical trial data demonstrates the sugarBEAT device blood glucose trend can be used to supplement normal finger prick measurements. 

4. The technical file has been assessed
by an independent inspector (the Notified Body), regulated by the competent authority, (Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency,
MHRA in the United Kingdom). The Notified Body (an organization in the European Union that has been accredited by a member state to determine
whether a medical device complies with the European medical device directives), will then notify The European Commission on Public Health
(the ECPH of the approval and a certificate will be issued to the Company by the notified body and we will then be able to
apply the CE mark to the device, and legally offer the product for sale in the European Economic Area (EEA). The CE mark has been issued
as of May 2019 and the company is now able to offer the device for commercial sale in the EU. 

5. The review of the technical file commenced
in August 2018, and the final review and sign off was received in May 2019. Since the CE mark was approved, we have undergone routine
inspections of our ISO 13485 Quality Management System in order to maintain our CE mark accreditation. An addendum was also submitted
to the notified body and approval obtained, to include within the approved CE marked device, the iOS version of the smart device app that
the transmitter connects to. 

12 

U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulation of medical
devices 

 The US Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA and FDA regulations establish a comprehensive system for the regulation of medical devices intended for human use. sugarBEAT is
a medical device that is subject to these, as well as other federal, state, local and foreign, laws and regulations. The FDA is responsible
for enforcing the laws and regulations governing medical devices in the United States. 

 The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes
(Class I, Class II, or Class III) depending on their level of risk and the types of controls that are necessary to ensure device safety
and effectiveness. The class assignment is a factor in determining the type of premarketing submission or application, if any, that will
be required before marketing in the United States. SugarBEAT falls under Class III. 

Class I devices present a low risk and are not life-sustaining
or life-supporting. The majority of Class I devices are subject only to general controls (e.g., prohibition against adulteration
and misbranding, registration and listing, good manufacturing practices, labelling, and adverse event reporting. General controls are
baseline requirements that apply to all classes of medical devices.) 

Class II devices present a moderate risk and are devices
for which general controls alone are not sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Devices in Class II
are subject to both general controls and special controls (e.g., special labelling, compliance with performance standards,
and post market surveillance. Unless exempted, Class II devices typically require FDA clearance before marketing, through the premarket
notification (510(k)) process.) 

Class III devices present the highest risk. These
devices generally are life-sustaining, life-supporting, or for a use that is of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human
health or present a potential unreasonable risk of illness or injury. Class III devices are devices for which general controls, by themselves,
are insufficient and for which there is insufficient information to determine that application of special controls would provide a reasonable
assurance of safety and effectiveness. Class III devices are subject to general controls and typically require FDA approval of a PMA application
before marketing. 

Unless it is exempt from premarket review requirements, a medical
device must receive marketing authorization from the FDA prior to being commercially marketed, distributed or sold in the United States.
The most common pathways for obtaining marketing authorization are 510(k) clearance and PMA. After preliminary discussions with
the FDA in June 2016 as part of a pre-submission meeting it was determined that the pathway for sugarBEAT would be a PMA approval. 

 Premarket approval pathway 

 The PMA approval process requires an independent demonstration
of the safety and effectiveness of a device. PMA is the most stringent type of device marketing application required by the FDA. PMA
approval is based on a determination by the FDA that the PMA contains sufficient valid scientific evidence to ensure that the device
is safe and effective for its intended use(s). A PMA application generally includes extensive information about the device including
the results of clinical testing conducted on the device and a detailed description of the manufacturing process. 

 After a PMA application is accepted for review, the FDA begins
an in-depth review of the submitted information. FDA regulations provide 180 days to review the PMA and make a determination; however,
in reality, the review time is normally longer (e.g., 1-3 years). During this review period, the FDA may request additional information
or clarification of information already provided. Also, during the review period, an advisory panel of experts from outside the FDA may
be convened to review and evaluate the data supporting the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as to whether the data
provides a reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended use. In addition, the FDA generally will conduct
a preapproval inspection of the manufacturing facility to ensure compliance with Quality System Regulation, which imposes comprehensive
development, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance requirements for the design and manufacturing of a medical device. 

 Based on its review, the FDA may (i) issue
an order approving the PMA, (ii) issue a letter stating the PMA is approvable (e.g., minor additional information is needed),
(iii) issue a letter stating the PMA is not approvable, or (iv) issue an order denying PMA. A company may not market a device
subject to PMA review until the FDA issues an order approving the PMA. As part of a PMA approval, the FDA may impose post-approval conditions
intended to ensure the continued safety and effectiveness of the device including, among other things, restrictions on labelling, promotion,
sale and distribution, and requiring the collection of additional clinical data. Failure to comply with the conditions of approval can
result in materially adverse enforcement action, including withdrawal of the approval. 

13 

Most modifications to a PMA approved device,
including changes to the design, labelling, or manufacturing process, require prior approval before being implemented. Prior approval
is obtained through submission of a PMA supplement. The type of information required to support a PMA supplement and the FDA's time for
review of a PMA supplement vary depending on the nature of the modification. 

In February
2020 Nemaura announced that following discussions with the FDA, it was established that Nemaura may sell its CGM product with a digital
service offering in the U.S. without FDA approval as a non-medical wellbeing application. Nemaura further announced that it intended to
launch this product under the brand proBEAT in the
U.S. in October to December 2020. The product enables users to wear the CGM device from which data will be sent to Nemaura s servers
in the cloud, from where data will be processed to provide users with educational material and insights into factors that can affect their
sugar levels and tips for healthy lifestyle and diet, with a view to helping pre-diabetics and diabetics alike live healthier lives. A
limited product launch commenced in the U.S. in December 2020 to enabled potential customers to register their interest utilizing proBEAT 
 in conjunction with a digital program for weight loss targeted at persons with diabetes, under the brand
BEATdiabetes.life. 

Clinical trials 

 Clinical trials of medical devices in the U.S. are governed
by the FDA's Investigational Device Exemption IDE regulation. This regulation places significant responsibility on the
sponsor of the clinical study including, but not limited to, choosing qualified investigators, monitoring the trial, submitting required
reports, maintaining required records, and assuring investigators obtain informed consent, comply with the study protocol, control the
disposition of the investigational device, submit required reports, etc. 

 Clinical trials of significant risk devices (e.g., implants,
devices used in supporting or sustaining human life, devices of substantial importance in diagnosing, curing, mitigating or treating
disease or otherwise preventing impairment of human health) require FDA and Institutional Review Board IRB approval prior
to starting the trial. FDA approval is obtained through submission of an IDE application. Clinical trials of non-significant risk NSR devices (i.e., devices that do not meet the regulatory definition of a significant risk device) only require IRB approval before starting.
The clinical trial sponsor is responsible for making the initial determination of whether a clinical study is significant risk or NSR;
however, a reviewing IRB and/or FDA may review this decision and disagree with the determination. 

 An IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such
as performance data, animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to evaluate the device in humans and that the clinical
study protocol is scientifically sound. There is no assurance that submission of an IDE will result in the ability to commence clinical
trials. Additionally, after a trial begins, the FDA may place it on hold or terminate it if, among other reasons, it concludes that the
clinical subjects are exposed to an unacceptable health risk. 

 As noted above, the FDA may require a company to collect clinical
data on a device in the post-market setting. 

 The collection of such data may be required as a condition
of PMA approval. The FDA also has the authority to order, via a letter, a post-market surveillance study for certain devices at any time
after they have been cleared or approved. 

 Pervasive and continuing FDA regulation 

 After a device is placed on the market,
regardless of its classification or premarket pathway, numerous additional FDA requirements generally apply. These include, but are not
limited to: 

Establishment registration and device listing requirements; 

Quality System Regulation QSR ), which
governs the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, labelling, storage, installation,
and servicing of finished devices; 

Labelling requirements, which mandate the inclusion
of certain content in device labels and labelling, and generally require the label and package of medical devices to include a unique
device identifier UDI ), and which also prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved, i.e., off-label, 
uses; 

Medical Device Reporting MDR regulation,
which requires that manufacturers and importers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious
injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur; and 

Reports of Corrections and Removals regulation, which
requires that manufacturers and importers report to the FDA recalls (i.e., corrections or removals) if undertaken to reduce a risk to
health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act that may present a risk to health; manufacturers
and importers must keep records of recalls that they determine to be non-reportable. 

14 

The FDA enforces these requirements by inspection
and market surveillance. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which
may include, but is not limited to, the following sanctions: 

Untitled letters or warning letters; 

Fines, injunctions and civil penalties; 

Recall or seizure of our products; 

Operating restrictions, partial suspension or total
shutdown of production; 

Refusing a request for 510(k) clearance or premarket
approval of new products; 

Withdrawing 510(k) clearance or premarket approvals
that are already granted; and 

Criminal prosecution. 

We would be subject to unannounced device inspections by the
FDA, as well as other regulatory agencies overseeing the implementation of and compliance with applicable state public health regulations.
These inspections may include our suppliers' facilities. 

 Other Regulation in the United Kingdom
and Wales and the EU 

Healthcare Reimbursement 

Government and private sector initiatives
to limit the growth of healthcare costs, including price regulation, competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, and managed-care
arrangements, are continuing in many countries where we do business, including the United Kingdom and Wales. These changes are causing
the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective medical products. Government programs, private healthcare
insurance and managed-care plans have attempted to control costs by limiting the amount of reimbursement they will pay for particular
procedures or treatments. This has created an increasing level of price sensitivity among customers for products. Some third-party payers
must also approve coverage for new or innovative devices or therapies before they will reimburse healthcare providers who use the medical
devices or therapies. Even though a new medical product may have been cleared for commercial distribution, we may find limited demand
for the product until reimbursement approval has been obtained from governmental and private third-party payers. 

Environmental Regulation 

We are also subject to various environmental laws and regulations
both within and outside the United Kingdom and Wales. Like many other medical device companies, our operations involve the use of substances,
including hazardous wastes, which are regulated under environmental laws, primarily manufacturing and sterilization processes. We do
not expect that compliance with environmental protection laws will have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations,
financial position or cash flow. These laws and regulations are all subject to change, however, and we cannot predict what impact, if
any, such changes might have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 Foreign Regulation 

 Whether or not we obtain regulatory approval
for a product, we must obtain approval from the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical
trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country, and the time may be longer
or shorter than that required for EC approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and
reimbursement also vary greatly from country to country. 

In addition, regulatory approval of prices is required in most
countries other than the United States. We face the risk that the prices which result from the regulatory approval process would be insufficient
to generate an acceptable return to us or our collaborators. 

 EU General Data Protection Regulation 

 The EU General Data Protection Regulation
(the GDPR came into force in all EU Member States from May 25, 2018 and replaced previous EU data privacy laws. Although
a number of basic existing principles will remain the same, the GDPR introduces new obligations on data controllers and rights for data
subjects, including, among others: 

accountability and transparency requirements, which will require data controllers
to demonstrate and record compliance with the GDPR and to provide more detailed information to data subjects regarding processing; 

enhanced data consent requirements, which includes explicit 
consent in relation to the processing of sensitive data; 

obligations to consider data privacy as any new products or services are
developed and limit the amount of information collected, processed, stored and its accessibility; 

constraints on using data to profile data subjects; 

providing data subjects with personal data in a useable format on request
and erasing personal data in certain circumstances; and 

reporting of breaches without undue delay (72 hours where feasible). 

15 

The GDPR also introduced new fines and penalties
for a breach of requirements, including fines for serious breaches of up to the higher of 4 of annual worldwide revenue or 20m
and fines of up to the higher of 2 of annual worldwide revenue or 10m (whichever is highest) for other specified infringements.
The GDPR identifies a list of points to consider when imposing fines (including the nature, gravity and duration of the infringement). 

The Company has assessed the implications
of the GDPR on all personal data it holds and has implemented measures to ensure that personal data shall be: 

- Processed lawfully, fairly and
in a transparent manner in relation to the data subject. 

- Collected for a specified, explicit
and legitimate purpose and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes. 

- Adequate, relevant and limited
to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed. 

- Kept in a form which permits
identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data is processed. 

- Processed in a manner that ensures
appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss,
destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organisational measures. 

- Maintained accurately and up
to date and that every reasonable step is taken to ensure that personal data that is inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which
they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay. 

At the current stage of the Company s
development and, with being pre-revenue at this stage, the scope of data held, and consequently the impact of GDPR, is limited. Increased
application of GDPR will be assessed and implemented prior to further Company developments that warrant additional GDPR measures. As the
Company progresses with product commercialization, the extent to which GDPR will affect the Company will increase, which will require
additional changes to the Company s procedures and policies which could adversely impact operational and compliance costs. Further,
there is a risk that the measures will not be implemented correctly or that individuals within the business will not be fully compliant
with the new procedures. If there are breaches of these measures, the Company could face significant administrative and monetary sanctions
as well as reputational damage which may have a material adverse effect on its operations, financial condition, and prospects. 

 Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices are located
at 57 West 57 th Street New York, NY 10019. Our website is located at www.nemauramedical.com and our telephone number is + 1
646-416-7912. Information found on, or accessible through, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report,
and you should not consider it part of the Annual Report. 

Human Capital Management 

 We believe that a diverse workforce is important
to our success. We will continue to focus on the hiring, retention and advancement of women and underrepresented populations, and to cultivate
an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. In the future, we intend to continue to evaluate our use of human capital measures or objectives
in managing our business such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in the development, attraction and retention of personnel and
maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

The success of our business is fundamentally
connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety, and wellness of our employees. We provide
our employees with access to a variety of flexible and convenient health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection
and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being;
that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and
encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs
and the needs of their families. 

We also provide robust compensation and
benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. We believe that we maintain a satisfactory working relationship with our employees
and have not experienced any labor disputes. As of March 31, 2023, we had 38 personnel employed on our payroll, which equates to approximately
36 full-time equivalents. 

16 

Corporate History and Restructuring 

 We are a holding corporation that owns 100 of a diagnostic
medical device company specializing in discovering, developing, and commercializing specialty medical devices. We were organized on December
24, 2013, under the laws of the State of Nevada. We own 100 of Dermal Diagnostic (Holdings) Limited, an England and Wales corporation
formed on December 11, 2013. Dermal Diagnostics (Holdings) Limited owns 100 of the stock in Dermal Diagnostics Limited DDL ),
an England and Wales corporation formed on January 20, 2009, and 100 of the stock in Trial Clinic Limited TCL ), an England
and Wales corporation formed on January 12, 2011. 

 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Board of Directors
assessed the adequacy of the group s organizational structure and concluded that an intermediary holding company, Region Green
Limited, was no longer required as the entity had been effectively dormant since inception and no longer represented a requirement to
be maintained. It was therefore determined that Region Green Limited should be unwound, with the assets held by Region Green Limited
being transferred up to Nemaura Medical Inc. following which Region Green Limited would be dissolved. 

 The transfer of assets took place on March
5, 2021 and Region Green Limited was formally dissolved as of April 23, 2021. 

In December 2013, we restructured the Company
and re-domiciled as a domestic corporation in the United States. The corporate re-organization was accomplished to preserve the tax advantages
under the laws of the England and Wales tax laws for the benefit of the shareholders of both Dermal Diagnostics Limited and Trial Clinic
Limited. 

DDL is a diagnostic medical device company
headquartered in Loughborough, Leicestershire, England. DDL was founded on January 20, 2009, to engage in the discovery, development and
commercialization of diagnostic medical devices. The Company s initial focus has been on the development of a novel CGM device. 

17 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our securities is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and other
information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings before deciding to invest. Additional risks and uncertainties
that we are unaware of may become relevant to us. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results
of operations or financial condition. In that event, the trading price of our common stock and warrants may decline, and you could lose
all or part of your investment. 

We will need to raise additional funds in order to finance
the anticipated commercialization of our product by incurring indebtedness, through collaboration and licensing arrangements, or by issuing
securities which may cause dilution to existing stockholders, or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies and our product. 

 Developing our product, conducting clinical trials, establishing
manufacturing facilities and developing marketing and distribution capabilities is expensive. We will need to finance future cash needs
through additional public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. We cannot
be certain that additional funding will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may
be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs or our commercialization
efforts. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. To the
extent that we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish some rights
to our technologies or our product or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

 We have a limited operating history, and you should not rely
on our historical financial data as an indicator of our future financial performance. 

 We have a limited operating history in the medical device industry.
You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we face with our limited operating history and
should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. In particular, we may face challenges in planning our
growth strategy and forecasting market demand accurately as a result of our limited historical data and limited experience in implementing
and evaluating our business strategies. If we are unable to successfully address these risks, difficulties and challenges as a result
of our limited operating history, our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected, which may in turn have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

 We have a history of losses and may not achieve or maintain profitability. 

 We have incurred net losses every year since our inception
in 2009 and have generated minimal revenue from the period of our inception from product sales or licenses to date. As of March 31, 2023,
we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 52.5 million. We expect to incur losses until our product is successfully launched and
cannot be certain that we will ever achieve profitability. As a result, our business is subject to all of the risks inherent in the development
of a new business enterprise, such as the risk that we may not obtain substantial additional capital needed to support the expenses of
developing our technology and commercializing our potential products; develop a market for our potential products; successfully transition
from a company with a research focus to a company capable of either manufacturing and selling potential products or profitably licensing
our potential products to others; and/or attract and retain qualified management, technical and scientific staff. 

 There is substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company
recorded a net loss of 14,143,735 and used cash in operations of 8,451,781. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the financial statements are issued. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. In addition, the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, in their report on the Company s March 31, 2023 audited financial statements, raised
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

 In evaluating the going concern
position of the company, management has considered potential funding providers and believes that financing to fund future operations could
be provided by equity and/or debt financing. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions
on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity financing. 

 Revenue generation from product sales has only commenced in the current fiscal
year and may never become profitable. 

 To date, we have generated revenue for the
first time in the current fiscal period for product sales. Our ability to generate and grow revenue depends on several factors, including
our ability to support the market launch of our UK Licensee, successfully obtain regulatory approval in all key markets identified to
commercialize our product pipeline. Even then, we will need to establish and maintain sales, marketing, distribution and to the extent
we do not outsource manufacturing, manufacturing capabilities. We plan to rely on one or more strategic collaborators to help generate
revenues in markets outside of Great Britain however, we cannot be sure that our collaborators, if any, will be successful. Our ability
to generate revenue will also be impacted by certain challenges, risks and uncertainties frequently encountered in the establishment of
new technologies and products in emerging markets and evolving industries. These challenges include our ability to: 

execute our business model; 

create brand recognition; 

manage growth in our operations; 

create a customer base cost-effectively; 

retain customers; 

access additional capital when required; and 

attract and retain key personnel. 

18 

We cannot be certain that our business model
will be successful or that it will successfully address these and other challenges, risks, and uncertainties. If we are unable to generate
significant revenue, we may not become profitable, and we may be unable to continue our operations. Even if we are able to commercialize
the sugarBEAT device, we may not achieve profitability for at least several years, if at all, after generating material revenue. 

Our substantial
amount of indebtedness may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants
and make payments on our indebtedness. 

Our substantial
level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal or interest
on or other amounts due with respect to our indebtedness. Our indebtedness could have other important consequences to you as a stockholder.
For example, it could: 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and any failure
to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including financial and other restrictive covenants, could result in an
event of default under the senior secured credit facility and the senior subordinated note; 

make is more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
and adverse change in government regulation; 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cashflow from operations to payments on our indebtedness,
thereby reducing the availability of our cashflows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate
purposes; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which
we operate; 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

limit our ability to borrow amounts for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service
requirements, execution of our business strategy or other purposes. 

Risks Related to Our Product Candidate
and Operations 

We are largely dependent on the success
of our sole product candidate, the sugarBEAT device, and we may not be able to successfully commercialize this potential product. 

We have incurred and will continue to incur
significant costs relating to the development and marketing of our sole product candidate, the sugarBEAT device. We have obtained
approval to market this product in the EU, but it is not guaranteed that we will achieve this in any jurisdiction and we may never be
able to obtain approval or, if approvals are obtained, to commercialize this product successfully in other territories. 

If we fail to successfully commercialize
our product(s) in multiple territories, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to sustain and grow our business, and our business,
financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

If we fail to obtain regulatory approval
of the sugarBEAT device or any of our other future products, we will be unable to commercialize these potential products. 

The development, testing, manufacturing
and marketing of our product is subject to extensive regulation by governmental authorities in Great Britain and the European Union. In
particular, the process of obtaining CE approval by a Notified Body, a third party that can carry out a conformity assessment recognized
by the European Union, is costly and time consuming, and the time required for such approval is uncertain. Our product must undergo rigorous
preclinical and clinical testing and an extensive regulatory approval process mandated for the CE. Such regulatory review includes the
determination of manufacturing capability and product performance. CE approval was granted by the European Notified Body BSI in May 2019,
allowing the product to be made available for commercial sale. This approval is subject to an annual review of the underlying ISO 13485
accredited Quality Management System. The accreditation was successfully renewed in November 2021. 

There can be no assurance that all necessary
approvals will be granted for future products or that CE review or actions will not involve delays caused by requests for additional information
or testing that could adversely affect the time to market for and sale of our product. Further failure to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements can, among other things, result in the suspension of regulatory approval as well as possible civil and criminal sanctions. 

19 

Failure to enroll patients in future clinical trials may cause delays in developing the sugarBEAT device or any of our future products. 

We may encounter delays in the development
and commercialization, or fail to obtain marketing approval, of the sugarBEAT device or any other future products if we are unable
to enroll enough patients to complete clinical trials. Our ability to enroll sufficient numbers of patients in our clinical trials depends
on many factors, including the severity of illness of the population, the size of the patient population, the nature of the clinical protocol,
the proximity of patients to clinical sites, and the eligibility criteria for the trial and competing clinical trials. Delays in any possible
future patient enrolment, based on request by local regulatory agencies to conduct studies in their territory, may result in increased
costs and harm our ability to complete our clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval. 

 Delays in clinical testing could result
in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate revenue. 

Significant delays in clinical testing could
materially, adversely impact our product development costs. We do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, will need
to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, if at all. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays
in obtaining regulatory approval to commence and continue a study, delays in reaching agreement on acceptable clinical study terms with
prospective sites, delays in obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a study at a prospective site and delays in recruiting
patients to participate in a study. 

Significant delays in testing or regulatory approvals for any
of our current or future products, including the sugarBEAT device, could prevent or cause delays in the commercialization of such
product candidates, reduce potential revenues from the sale of such product candidates and cause our costs to increase. 

 Further clinical trials for any of our current or future
products may produce negative or inconclusive results and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical
and/or preclinical testing for these products or cease our trials. 

We will only receive regulatory approval
to commercialize a product candidate if we can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the applicable regulatory agency that the product is
safe and effective. We do not know whether our future clinical trials will demonstrate safety and efficacy sufficiently to result in marketable
products. Because our clinical trials for the sugarBEAT device may produce negative or inconclusive results, we may decide, or regulators
may require us, to conduct additional clinical and/or preclinical testing for this product or cease our clinical trials. If this occurs,
we may not be able to obtain approval for this product or our anticipated time to market for this product may be substantially delayed
and we may also experience significant additional development costs. We may also be required to undertake additional clinical testing
if we change or expand the indications for our product. 

If approved, the commercialization of
our product, the sugarBEAT device, may not be profitable due to the need to develop sales, marketing and distribution capabilities,
or make arrangements with a third party to perform these functions. 

In order for the commercialization of our potential product
to be profitable, our product must be cost-effective and economical to manufacture on a commercial scale. Subject to regulatory approval,
we expect to incur significant sales, marketing, distribution, and to the extent we do not outsource manufacturing, manufacturing expenses
in connection with the commercialization of the sugarBEAT device and our other potential products. We do not currently have a dedicated
sales force and our current manufacturing capability has limited capacity, we also have limited experience in the sales, marketing and
distribution of medical diagnostic device products. In order to commercialize the sugarBEAT device or any of our other potential
products that we may develop, we must develop sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or make arrangements with a third party
to perform these functions. Developing a sales force is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to develop this capacity.
If we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, independently or with others, we may not be able
to generate significant revenue and may not become profitable. Our future profitability will depend on many factors, including, but not
limited to: 

the costs and timing of developing a commercial scale manufacturing facility
or the costs of outsourcing the manufacturing of the sugarBEAT device; 

receipt of regulatory approval of the sugarBEAT device; 

the terms of any marketing restrictions or post-marketing commitments imposed
as a condition of approval by regulatory authorities; 

the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims
and other intellectual property rights; 

costs of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 

the effect of competing technological and market developments; and 

the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing and other arrangements
that we may establish. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval for
the sugarBEAT device or any other product candidates, we may never receive significant revenues from any of them. To the extent that
we are not successful in commercializing our potential products, we will incur significant additional losses. 

20 

Our proprietary rights may not adequately protect our intellectual property
and product and if we cannot obtain adequate protection of our intellectual property and product, we may not be able to successfully
market our product. 

 Our commercial success will depend in part
on obtaining and maintaining intellectual property protection for our technologies and product. We will only be able to protect our technologies
and product from unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that valid and enforceable patents cover them, or that other market exclusionary
rights apply. While we have issued enforceable patents covering the sugarBEAT device, the patent positions of companies like ours
can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent
policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in such companies patents has emerged to date in Great Britain and the European
Union. The general patent environment outside the United States involves significant uncertainty. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth
of claims that may be allowed or that the scope of these patent rights would provide a sufficient degree of future protection that would
permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage with respect to this product and technology. Additionally, companies like ours are
dependent on creating a pipeline of products. We may not be able to develop additional proprietary technologies or products that produce
commercially viable products or that are themselves patentable. 

Our issued patents may be subject to challenge
and possibly invalidated by third parties. Changes in either the patent laws or in the interpretations of patent laws in Great Britain
or the European Union or other countries may diminish the market exclusionary ability of our intellectual property. 

In addition, others may independently develop
similar or alternative technologies that may be outside the scope of our intellectual property. Should third parties obtain patent rights
to similar technology, this may have an adverse effect on our business. Similarly future developments and improvements could lead to our
existing patents becoming obsolete and leaving intellectual property secured primarily in the form of know-how. 

To the extent that consultants or key employees
apply technological information independently developed by them or by others to our product, disputes may arise as to the proprietary
rights of the information, which may not be resolved in our favor. Consultants and key employees that work with our confidential and proprietary
technologies are required to assign all intellectual property rights in their discoveries to us. However, these consultants or key employees
may terminate their relationship with us, and we cannot preclude them indefinitely from dealing with our competitors. If our trade secrets
become known to competitors with greater experience and financial resources, the competitors may copy or use our trade secrets and other
proprietary information in the advancement of their products, methods or technologies. If we were to prosecute a claim that a third party
had illegally obtained and was using our trade secrets, it would be expensive and time consuming and the outcome would be unpredictable.
In addition, courts in Great Britain and the European Union are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets than courts in the United
States. Moreover, if our competitors independently develop equivalent knowledge, we would lack any contractual claim to this information,
and our business could be harmed. 

Our ability to commercialize our product
will depend on our ability to sell such products without infringing the patent or proprietary rights of third parties. If we are sued
for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation will be costly and time consuming and an unfavorable outcome
would have a significant adverse effect on our business. 

Our ability to commercialize our product
will depend on our ability to sell such products without infringing the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. Third-party
intellectual property in the field of diagnostic medical devices is complicated, and third-party intellectual property rights in this
field are continuously evolving. We have not performed searches for third-party intellectual property rights that may raise freedom-to-operate
issues, and we have not obtained legal opinions regarding commercialization of our product other than patent research prior to the filing
of our patent applications, and search and examination reports from the respective patent examination offices. 

In addition, because patent applications are published months
after their filing, and because applications can take several years to issue, there may be currently pending third-party patent applications
that are unknown to us, which may later result in issued patents. If a third-party claim that we infringe on its patents or other proprietary
rights, we could face a number of issues that could seriously harm our competitive position, including: 

infringement claims that, with or without merit, can be costly and time
consuming to litigate, can delay the regulatory approval process and can divert management s attention from our core business strategy; 

substantial damages for past infringement which we may have to pay if a
court determines that our products or technologies infringe upon a competitor s patent or other proprietary rights; 

if a license is available from a holder, we may have to pay substantial
royalties or grant cross licenses to our patents or other proprietary rights; and 

Re-designing our process so that it does not infringe the third-party intellectual
property, which may not be possible, or which may require substantial time and expense including delays in bringing our own products to
market. 

Such actions could harm our competitive
position and our ability to generate revenue and could result in increased costs. 

21 

If our product, the sugarBEAT 
 device, does not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients and the medical community, we will be unable to generate significant
revenue, if any. 

The sugarBEAT device that we developed may not achieve
market acceptance among physicians, patients, third-party payers and others in the medical community. If we receive the regulatory approvals
necessary for commercialization, the degree of market acceptance will depend upon a number of factors, including: 

limited indications of regulatory approvals; 

the establishment and demonstration in the medical community of the clinical efficacy and safety of
our product and its potential advantages over existing diagnostic medical devices; 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

our ability to offer our product at an acceptable price; 

the relative convenience and ease of use of our product; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support; and 

sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement. 

The market may not accept the sugarBEAT device based on
any number of the above factors. If the sugarBEAT device is approved, there may be other therapies available which directly compete
for the same target market. The market may choose to continue utilizing the existing products for any number of reasons, including familiarity
with or pricing of these existing products. The failure of any of our products to gain market acceptance could impair our ability to
generate revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our future business. 

 We have outsourced the bulk of the commercial manufacturing
operations for the various components of the sugarBEAT , with the exception of the Sensor chemistry which is being conducted
in-house. The failure to find manufacturing partners or expand our internal manufacturing facility could have an adverse impact on our
ability to grow our business. 

 We are largely dependent on third parties
to supply our product according to our specifications, in sufficient quantities, on time, in compliance with appropriate regulatory standards
and at competitive prices. We cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain an adequate supply of our product candidates on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

Manufacturers supplying diagnostic medical devices must comply
with regulations which require, among other things, compliance with evolving regulations under Medical Device Directives stipulated under
ISO13485. The manufacturing of products at any facility will be subject to strict quality control, testing and record keeping requirements,
and continuing obligations regarding the submission of safety reports and other post-market information. Both the sensor and patch manufacturing
facilities for the sugarBEAT device are currently ISO13485 certified. We cannot guarantee that the facilities will continue to pass
regulatory inspection, or that future changes to ISO13485 standards will not also affect the manufacture of the sensors and patches. 

 If we fail to attract and retain senior
management, consultants, advisors and scientific and technical personnel, our product development and commercialization efforts could
be impaired. 

Our performance is substantially dependent
on the performance of our senior management and key scientific and technical personnel, particularly Dr. Dewan Fazlul Hoque Chowdhury,
President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of any member of our senior management or our scientific or
technical staff may significantly delay or prevent the development of our product and other business objectives by diverting management s
attention to transition matters and identification of suitable replacements, if any, and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

We also rely on consultants and advisors
to assist us in formulating our research and development strategy. All of our consultants and advisors are either self-employed or employed
by other organizations, and they may have conflicts of interest or other commitments, such as consulting or advisory contracts with other
organizations, that may affect their ability to contribute to us. 

In addition, we believe that we will need
to recruit additional executive management and scientific and technical personnel. There is currently intense competition for skilled
executives and employees with relevant scientific and technical expertise, and this competition is likely to continue. The inability to
attract and retain sufficient scientific, technical and managerial personnel could limit or delay our product development efforts, which
would adversely affect the development of our product and commercialization of our potential product and growth of our business. 

22 

We expect to expand our marketing capabilities and, as a result of which we may
encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 

 We expect to have growth in expenditures, the number of our
employees and the scope of our operations, in particular with respect to those potential products that we elect to commercialize independently
or together with others. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational
and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to train qualified personnel. Due to our limited resources, we may not be able
to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or train additional qualified personnel. The physical expansion of our operations
may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could
delay the execution of our business plan or disrupt our operations. 

 Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. 

 Our functional currency is the Great Britain
Pound Sterling GBP ). The reporting currency is the United States dollar (U.S. ). Income and expenditures are translated
at the appropriate weighted average exchange rates prevailing during the reporting period. Assets and liabilities are translated at the
exchange rates as of balance sheet date. Stockholders equity is translated into United States dollars from GBP at historical exchange
rates. Currency fluctuations and restrictions on currency exchange may adversely affect our business, including limiting our ability to
convert GBP into foreign currencies and, if the GBP were to decline in value, reducing our revenue in U.S. dollar terms. To the extent
the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currencies denominated transactions results in
reduced revenue, operating expenses and net income for our international operations. Similarly, to the extent the U.S. dollar weakens
against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions results in increased revenue, operating
expenses and net income for our international operations. We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we convert the
financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange
rates, the conversion of the foreign subsidiaries financial statements into U.S. dollars will lead to a translation gain or loss
which is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). We have not entered into agreements or purchased instruments to
hedge our exchange rate risks. The availability and effectiveness of any hedging transaction may be limited, and we may not be able to
successfully hedge our exchange rate risks. 

In addition, a number of events have occurred
in recent years, including the UK s Brexit vote to leave the EU, the impact of Covid-19, and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia,
that have had significant and potentially lasting effect of both the global economic outlook as well as a weakening of GBP against many
currencies. We expect to have to pay some of our service providers and vendors in U.S. which given the exchange rate impact and knock
on inflationary pressure, will represent a significant increase in costs to the business compared to prior years. The currency exchange
rate continues to be very unstable and therefore the future impact or further weakening of GBP is not known at this time. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be materially adversely affected by global health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 A regional or global
health pandemic, including COVID-19, could severely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. A regional or
global health pandemic, depending upon its duration and severity, could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, the
COVID-19 pandemic has had numerous effects on the global economy and governmental authorities around the world have implemented measures
to reduce the spread of COVID-19. These measures, including shutdowns and shelter-in-place orders suggested or mandated
by governmental authorities or otherwise elected by companies as a preventive measure, have adversely affected workforces, customers,
consumer sentiment, economies and financial markets, and, along with decreased consumer spending, have led to an economic downturn in
many of our markets. 

As a result of
the COVID-19 pandemic, we evaluated and executed the steps available to us to ensure we were able to provide protection of our employees
and instigated remote working where possible combined with following all government advice and guidance regarding any engagement within
the workplace that could not be completed remotely. To date this transition has had little impact on our employee productivity and has
caused limited interruption to our business. Whilst restrictions associated with COVID-19 have largely been removed, we will continue
to assess the situation, including abiding by any government-imposed restrictions, as and where relevant. 

At this point in
time, there remains some uncertainty relating to the potential effect of COVID-19 on our business. As infections may continue to become
more widespread, we could experience a severe negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. To the
extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of
the other risks described in this Risk factors section. 

23 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

 Our competitors may develop products that are less expensive,
safer or more effective, which may diminish or eliminate the commercial success of any potential products that we may commercialize. 

 If our competitors market products that
are less expensive, safer or more effective than our future products developed from our product candidates, or that reach the market before
our products, we may not achieve commercial success. For example, if approved, the sugarBEAT device s primary competition in
the glucose monitoring device setting will be companies such as Dexcom, Abbott, and Senseonics who produce glucose monitoring devices.
 The market may choose to continue utilizing the existing products for any number of reasons, including familiarity with or pricing
of these existing products. The failure of our product to compete with products marketed by our competitors would impair our ability to
generate revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We expect to compete with several companies including Dexcom,
Abbott, and Senseonics, and our competitors may: 

develop and market products that are less expensive or more effective than
our future product; 

commercialize competing products before we can launch any products developed
from our product candidate; 

operate larger research and development programs or have substantially greater
financial resources than we do; 

initiate or withstand substantial price competition more successfully than
we can; 

have greater success in recruiting skilled technical and scientific workers
from the limited pool of available talent; 

more effectively negotiate third-party licenses and strategic relationships;
and 

take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily than we
can. 

We expect to compete for market share against
large medical diagnostic device manufacturing companies, smaller companies that are collaborating with larger companies, new companies,
and other public and private research organizations. 

In addition, our industry is characterized by rapid technological
change. Because our research approach integrates many technologies, it may be difficult for us to stay abreast of the rapid changes in
each technology. If we fail to stay at the forefront of technological change, we may be unable to compete effectively. Our competitors
may render our technologies obsolete by advances in existing technological approaches or the development of new or different approaches,
potentially eliminating the advantages in our product discovery process that we believe we derive from our research approach and proprietary
technologies. 

 The use of hazardous materials in our operations may subject
us to environmental claims or liabilities. 

 Our research and development activities
involve the use of hazardous chemical materials. Injury or contamination from these materials may occur and we could be held liable for
any damages, which could exceed our available financial resources. This liability could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture,
storage, handling and disposal of hazardous materials and waste products. We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with
environmental laws and regulations in the future that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

 If we fail to comply with extensive regulations
enforced by regulatory agencies with respect to diagnostic medical device products, the commercialization of our product could be prevented,
delayed or halted. 

Research, preclinical development, clinical
trials, manufacturing and marketing of our product is subject to extensive regulation by various government authorities. We have not received
marketing approval for the sugarBEAT device in all of our target markets. The process of obtaining the required regulatory approvals
is lengthy and expensive, and the time required for such approvals is uncertain. The approval process is affected by such factors as: 

the indication and claims of the diagnostic device; 

the quality of submission relating to the product; 

the product s clinical efficacy and safety; 

the manufacturing facility compliance; 

the availability of alternative devices; 

the risks and benefits demonstrated in clinical trials; and 

the patent status and marketing exclusivity rights of certain innovative
products. 

24 

Any regulatory approvals that we or our
partners receive for our product may also be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or contain
requirements for potentially costly post-marketing follow-up studies. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with the
product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, may result in restrictions on the marketing of the product and
withdrawal of the product from the market. 

Manufacturing, labelling, storage and distribution
activities also are subject to strict regulation and licensing by government authorities. The manufacturing facilities for our product
will be subject to periodic inspection by the regulatory authorities and from time to time, these agencies may send notice of deficiencies
as a result of such inspections. Our failure, or the failure of our manufacturing facilities, to continue to meet regulatory standards
or to remedy any deficiencies could result in corrective action by the authorities, including the interruption or prevention of marketing,
closure of our manufacturing facilities, and fines or penalties. 

Regulatory authorities also will require
post-marketing surveillance to monitor and report potential adverse effects of our product. If approved, any of our products subsequent
failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could, among other things, result in warning letters, fines, suspension or revocation
of regulatory approvals, product recalls or seizures, operating restrictions, injunctions and criminal prosecutions. 

Government policies may change, and additional
government regulations may be enacted that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our product. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of adverse government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action. If we are not able
to maintain regulatory compliance, we might not be permitted to market our product and our business could suffer. 

In the future, we hope to distribute
and sell our product outside of the United Kingdom and the European Union, which will subject us to further regulatory risk. 

In addition to maintaining approval from
the United Kingdom and the European Union for the sugarBEAT device, we may seek regulatory approval from Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates, Hong Kong, Australia, and the U.S., to market the sugarBEAT device, however, there is no guarantee we will do so.
We may in the future also seek approvals for additional countries. The regulatory review process varies from country to country, and approval
by foreign government authorities is unpredictable, uncertain and generally expensive. The ability to market our product could be substantially
limited due to delays in receipt of, or failure to receive, the necessary approvals or clearances. Marketing of our product in these countries,
and in most other countries, is not permitted until we have obtained required approvals or exemptions in each individual country. Failure
to obtain necessary regulatory approvals could impair our ability to generate revenue from international sources. 

Market acceptance of our product will
be limited if users are unable to obtain adequate reimbursement from third-party payers. 

Government health administration authorities,
private health insurers and other organizations generally provide reimbursement for products like our product and our commercial success
will depend in part on these third-party payers agreeing to reimburse patients for the costs of our product. Even if we succeed in bringing
our product to market, we cannot assure you that third-party payers will consider our product cost effective or provide reimbursement
in whole or in part for its use. 

Significant uncertainty exists as to the
reimbursement status of newly approved health care products. Our product is intended to replace or alter existing therapies or procedures.
These third-party payers may conclude that our product is less safe, effective or cost-effective than existing therapies or procedures.
Therefore, third-party payers may not approve our product for reimbursement. 

If third-party payers do not approve our
product for reimbursement or fail to reimburse for them adequately, sales will suffer as some physicians, or their patients will opt for
a competing product that is approved for reimbursement or is adequately reimbursed. Even if third-party payers make reimbursement available,
these payers reimbursement policies may adversely affect our ability and the ability of our potential collaborators to sell our
product on a profitable basis. 

The trend toward managed healthcare, the
growth of organizations such as health maintenance organizations and legislative proposals to reform healthcare and government insurance
programs could significantly influence the purchase of healthcare services and products, resulting in lower prices and reduced demand
for our product which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, legislation and regulations
affecting the pricing of our product may change in ways adverse to us before or after the regulatory agencies approve our product for
marketing. While we cannot predict the likelihood of any of these legislative or regulatory proposals, if any government or regulatory
agencies adopt these proposals, they could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

25 

Product liability claims may damage our
reputation and, if insurance proves inadequate, the product liability claims may harm our business. 

As with other companies in our field, we
may be exposed to the risk of product liability claims that is inherent in the diagnostic medical device sector. A product liability claim
may damage our reputation by raising questions about our product s safety and efficacy and could limit our ability to sell our product
by preventing or interfering with commercialization of our product. 

In addition, product liability insurance
for our industry is generally expensive to the extent it is available at all. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain
such insurance on acceptable terms or that we will be able to secure increased coverage as the commercialization of our product progresses,
or that future claims against us will be covered by our product liability insurance. Moreover, there can be no assurance that any product
liability coverage from any insurance policy and/or any rights of indemnification and contribution that we have in place currently will
offset any / all future claims. A successful claim against us with respect to uninsured liabilities and not subject to any indemnification
or contribution could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We could be negatively impacted by the
application or enforcement of fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback laws and other anti-referral laws. 

We are not aware of any current business
practice which is in violation of any fraud and abuse law. However, continued vigilance to assure compliance with all potentially applicable
laws will be a necessary expense associated with product development. For example, all product marketing efforts must be strictly scrutinized
to assure that they are not associated with improper remunerations to referral sources in violation of any anti-kickback statutes. Remunerations
may include potential future activities for our product, including discounts, rebates and bundled sales, which must be appropriately structured
to take advantage of statutory and regulatory safe harbors . From time to time we may engage physicians in consulting activities.
In addition, we may decide to sponsor continuing medical education activities for physicians or other medical personnel. We may also award
or sponsor study grants to physicians from time to time. All relationships with physicians, including consulting arrangements, continuing
medical education and study grants, must be similarly reviewed for compliance with any anti-kickback statute to assure that remuneration
is not provided in return for referrals. Patient inducements may also be unlawful. Inaccurate reports of product pricing, or a failure
to provide a product at an appropriate price to various governmental entities, could also serve as a basis for an enforcement action under
various theories. 

Claims which are tainted by
virtue of kickbacks or a violation of self-referral rules may be alleged as false claims if other elements of a violation are established.
Because our potential customers may seek payments from healthcare programs for our product, even during the clinical trial stages, we
must assure that we take no actions which could result in the submission of false claims. For example, free product samples which are
knowingly or with reckless disregard billed to healthcare programs could constitute false claims. If the practice was facilitated or fostered
by us, we could be liable. Moreover, inadequate accounting for or a misuse of grant funds used for product research and development could
be alleged as a violation of relevant statutes. 

The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased
by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open
to a variety of interpretations, and additional legal or regulatory change. 

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our stock price may be volatile. 

The stock market, particularly in recent
years, has experienced significant volatility with respect to pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other diagnostic medical device company
stocks. The volatility of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other diagnostic medical device company stocks often does not relate to the
operating performance of the companies represented by the stock. Factors that could cause this volatility in the market price of our common
stock include: 

results from and any delays in our clinical trials; 

failure or delays in entering our product into clinical trials; 

failure or discontinuation of any of our research programs; 

delays in establishing new strategic relationships; 

delays in the development or commercialization of our product; 

market conditions in the diagnostic medical device sectors and issuance
of new or changed securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

actual and anticipated fluctuations in our financial and operating results; 

developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary
rights; 

introduction of technological innovations or new commercial products by
us or our competitors; 

26 

issues in manufacturing our product; 

market acceptance of our product; 

third-party healthcare reimbursement policies; 

regulatory actions affecting us or our industry; 

litigation or public concern about the safety of our product; and 

additions or departures of key personnel. 

These and other external factors may cause the market price
and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of
common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In the past, when the market price of a stock has
been volatile, holders of that stock have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If
any of our stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also
divert the time and attention of our management. 

 We have not paid and may not pay any
dividends on our common stock. 

 We have paid no dividends on our common
stock to date and may not pay dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. While our future dividend policy will
be based on the operating results and capital needs of the business, it is currently anticipated that any earnings will be retained to
finance our future expansion and for the implementation of our business plan. As an investor, you should take note of the fact that a
lack of a dividend can further affect the market value of our stock and could significantly affect the value of any investment in our
Company. 

We are subject to the reporting requirements
of federal securities laws. This can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects, and thus impairing our ability to grow. 

We are subject to the information and reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and other federal securities laws, including
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly
reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC (including reporting of
any Merger that may occur in the future) and furnishing audited reports to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they
would have been if we had remained privately held. 

If we fail to establish and maintain
an effective system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability
to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our
common stock. 

We are subject to reporting obligations
under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act SOX ), adopted rules requiring
every public company to include a management report on such company s internal control over financial reporting in its annual report,
which contains management s assessment of the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Public company compliance may make it
more difficult to attract and retain officers and directors. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules subsequently
implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company, we expect these
rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly.
As a public company, we also expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director
and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons
to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. 

If our common stock is deemed a penny
stock, it will make it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares. 

Our common stock will be subject to the
 penny stock rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose
common stock is not listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than 5.00 per share, other
than companies that have had average revenue of at least 6,000,000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of at least
 5,000,000 2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require, among other things, that brokers
who trade penny stock to persons other than established customers complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries
of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and
quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the
penny stock rules and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we
remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for our securities.
If our securities are subject to the penny stock rules, investors will find it more difficult to dispose of our securities. 

27 

Offers or availability for sale of a
substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common
stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period, under Rule 144, or issued upon the exercise of outstanding
options or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which the
market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also
could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future
at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

 The interests of Dr D.F.H. Chowdhury,
or the controlling shareholders, may not always coincide with the interests of us and our other shareholders, and the controlling shareholders
may exert significant control or substantial influence over us and may take actions that are not in, or may conflict with, public shareholders 
best interests. 

The controlling shareholders control the
exercise of voting rights of over 50 of the shares eligible to vote in any of our annual or special meetings. Therefore, these controlling
shareholders will be able to exercise significant influence over all matters that require us to obtain shareholder approval, including
the election of directors to our board and approval of significant corporate transactions that we may consider, such as a merger or other
sale of our company or its assets. The controlling shareholders may cause us to take actions that are not in, or may conflict with, the
interests of us or the public shareholders. In the case where the interests of the controlling shareholders conflict with those of our
other shareholders, or if the controlling shareholders choose to cause us to pursue objectives that would conflict with the interests
of our other shareholders, such other shareholders could be left in a disadvantageous position by such actions caused by the controlling
shareholders and the price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 

We are subject to the anti-takeover provisions
of the Nevada Revised Statutes governing business combinations and control share acquisitions. 

Applicability of the Nevada business combination
statute would discourage parties interested in taking control of our company if they cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors.
These provisions could prohibit or delay a merger or other takeover or change in control attempt and, accordingly, may discourage attempts
to acquire our company even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above
the prevailing market price. 

The effect of the Nevada control share statute
is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with the acquiring person, will obtain only such voting rights in the control
shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders. The Nevada control share
law, if applicable, could have the effect of discouraging takeovers of our company based on our organizational structure. 

We are subject to compliance with multiple
tax jurisdictions. 

As we transact out of both the UK and United
States, we must comply with tax filing requirements in both jurisdictions. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

 We have registered corporate offices in
the U.S. at 57 West 57 th Street, Manhattan, NY 10019. We have offices and laboratories located across two locations on the
Loughborough University Science and Enterprise Park (LUSEP), Loughborough, Leicestershire, United Kingdom. The aggregate monthly rent
is approximately 51,000. All leases are currently operated on rolling 12-month terms. The terms of the different leases provide break
options allowing both landlord and tenant to terminate on provision of not less than one month s prior written notice. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

 We do not know of any material, active, pending or threatened
proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved as a plaintiff or defendant in any material proceeding
or pending litigation. 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

 Not applicable 

28 

PART II 

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under
the trading symbol, NMRD . On July 12, 2023, the closing price for our common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market
was 0.9901. 

As of July 12, 2023, we had 80 holders on
record of our common stock. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the
names of banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. 

Dividends 

 Since incorporation, we have not paid any
dividend on any class of equity securities. We anticipate that for the foreseeable future all earnings will be retained for use in our
business and no cash dividends will be paid to stockholders. Any payment of cash dividends in the future on the Company s common
stock or preferred stock, will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, current and anticipated cash requirements,
plans for expansion, as well as other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. The ability to pay dividends will be reliant
on the ability of DDL, the UK trading entity, to pay dividends to the Company and satisfying the capital maintenance requirements of UK
company s legislation in line with statutory and company law. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

We approved the adoption of an employee equity compensation
plan at our Annual General Meeting AGM on May 15, 2020. No awards have been made to date. 

 Unregistered Sales of Securities 

 None. 

 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers 

 We have not repurchased any shares of our common stock during the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2023. 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You should read the following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the notes to those statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical financial information, this discussion and analysis
contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including but not limited to those set forth under Risk
Factors, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. . 

Overview 

 Business Review and Outlook 

It is management s view that the Company
has made good progress during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and some of the key developments are listed as follows: 

1. The
 company continued to support its UK licensee with its endeavours to obtain reimbursement
 for the sensors in the UK. 

2. Advanced
 development of its BEATdiabetes offering in readiness for a commercial launch in due course.

3. Entered
 in to a term sheet with Eversana, an organisation with expertise in taking medicines, devices
 and digital healthcare products to market, with a view to entering in to a future commercial
 agreement to support its launch of BEATdiabetes in the USA using proBEAT sensors. 

4. Continued
 development of its consumer metabolic health platform and potential deployment as a bolt-on
 service into existing metabolic and wellness programs. 

5. Supported
 its partner TP-MENA with the submission for registration of sugarBEAT in the Kingdom of Saudi
 Arabia (KSA). 

6. Received
 a provisional purchase order for 1.7 million sensors from its partner TPMENA in anticipation
 of product registration in the KSA. 

29 

Management is working towards fulfilling the remainder
of the UK licensees initial orders and supporting MSW s UK launch plans, and for potential supplies to fulfill the provisional
purchase order for the KSA from TPMENA.The company continues to also develop capabilities to develop and service new channels of business
across other geographic markets via the use of our BEAT platform. To this end the company is now actively planning product launch in
other territories that accept the CE mark registration. In addition, the company is seeking to exploit its product platform in the consumer
space. All of these avenues are expected to strengthen revenue generation in future periods. 

 In line with this view, the Company has taken the following
actions during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023: 

Increased headcount of production operatives; this will
be phased in line with the volume forecasts currently available, however the Company has also factored in an ability to scale further
and faster should this be required. 

 Moved forward with placing phased orders for raw materials
to ensure future product availability to support both our UK Licensee while also providing for capacity to flex up further as other routes
to market materialize in line with management s commercialization program. 

 Engaged with external third-party manufacturers with the
ability to provide significant scale up services for product manufacture moving forward. 

Affiliated Company Relationships 

Pharma was incorporated in November 2005.
Through October 2013, all technology development and related transactions were incurred by Pharma. As new technology platforms were invented
and developed, additional companies were set up to contain these new technology platforms, and to aid in the process of raising further
investments to progress the development of these subsequent technologies. However, due to the small size of the operations, low number
of employees and laboratory and office space required, initially, certain costs were borne by Pharma and charged to DDL as required. On
April 4, 2018, a service agreement was put into place between Pharma and DDL which covered the development of sugarBEAT under
Pharma s ISO13485 Accreditation. In lieu of these services, Pharma invoices DDL on a periodic basis for said services. Services
are provided at cost plus a service surcharge amounting to less than 10 of the total costs incurred. This agreement includes all
aspects of the development, registration and manufacture of sugarBEAT . 

Full legal title and beneficial ownership
of the CE mark and all related intellectual property remains with Nemaura Medical under the terms of the service contract. 

Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury and Mr. Bashir Timol are officers of Pharma.
The current management at DDL, including Dr. D. F. H. Chowdhury allocate 15 - 20 of their time to oversee the current operations at
Pharma and will in due course implement a new management team in Pharma, and provide ongoing support in an advisory role. Pharma is a
drug delivery company, which means that its activities are entirely related to the administration of drugs to the body of a human or
animal subject. DDL is a diagnostic company, which means it is entirely focused on extracting molecules from the human or animal subject
and analyzing it to make a diagnosis or to monitor the level of a particular molecule such as glucose. These are two independent businesses
engaged in different activities, therefore there is no conflict of interest between the two and management does not see any conflicts
arising from the allocations of some of DDL management time to overseeing the operations of Pharma. 

 Payments made solely for work that Dr. D.
F. H. Chowdhury performs for Pharma in his capacity as manager are not charged to Nemaura Medical Inc. and are not included in our consolidated
financial statements. 

30 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s plans and basis of
presentation 

The Company has experienced recurring losses
and negative cash flows from operations. On March 31, 2023, the Company had total stockholders deficit
of (11,814,198) and an accumulated deficit of 51,875,211. To date, the Company has in large part relied on equity financing to fund
its operations. Initially additional funding also came from related party contributions. The Company expects to continue to incur
losses from operations for the near-term and these losses could be significant as the Company implements and scales its product commercialization
strategy. 

 Management s strategic assessment
includes the following potential options: 

support the UK and EU launch of sugarBEAT 

obtaining further regulatory approval for the sugarBEAT device in other
countries such as the U.S.; 

exploring licensing and partnership opportunities in other territories; 

developing the sugarBEAT device for commercialization for other applications;
and 

considering whether additional future capital raises can further enhance
and accelerate the delivery of the Company s strategic growth objectives. 

Results of Operations 

 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year
Ended March 31, 2022 

 Revenue 

Sales of 77,044 were recognised during the
2023 fiscal year, compared to 503,906 during fiscal year 2022.. 

 December 2021 marked a pivotal milestone
for the Company as the Company commenced deliveries of sugarBEAT to MSW pursuant to the initial order placed in April 2021. These
deliveries continued in line with the schedule agreed with MSW during the remainder of this fiscal year. 

While the majority of the revenue recognized in 2022
related to the delivery of goods, revenue recognized in 2022 also included the recognition a proportion the GBP 1 million
(approximately 1.32 million), that was previously received and held within deferred revenue, relating to the exclusive Marketing
Rights Agreement that was signed with MSW. We expect to record the remainder of the revenue over an approximately 10-year term from
the date sales to MSW commenced. 

 Gross profit (loss) 

 Gross loss was (1,476,392) compared to gross profit of 159,606
for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Cost of sales for fiscal year 2023 has been impacted by the impairment
of older inventory of 1,478,107. 

 Research and Development Expenses 

 Research and development expenses were 1,538,615
and 1,556,988 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The stabilization in costs here being established as
the Company s historically more significant research and development expenditure relating to clinical trials and improvements made
to the sugarBEAT device started to flatten out over the year. We expect that the sugarBEAT related research and development
expenses will reduce in future periods as the product is launched, however the Company expects to continue to incur research and development
costs to both enhance, refine and extend the platform capabilities for alternative applications. 

 General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were
 6,580,227 and 6,173,049 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These consisted of fees for legal, professional,
consultancy, audit services, investor relations, insurance, advertising, general and operational wages, and impairment of intangible assets.
The increase in expenses being driven predominantly by increased wages, as additional headcount has been added to support the operational
scale up process across both our UK and U.S. teams. Increases have also been seen in insurance, rent and depreciation and amortization,
which are considered to be directly related to the commercialization steps undertaken during the period. In addition to this, a non-cash
item charge of 291,534 was booked as a result of the mark-to-market impact from the revaluation of the foreign currency forward contracts
in place as of the fiscal period end, and one off impairment of intangible long held assets of 980,039. 

 As the Company continues
to scale up to service its existing order book, it is expected that general and administrative expenses will continue to exhibit a similar
higher cost profile moving forward, as the business continues to transition to an operationally focused base that is expected to result
in increased functional expenses relating to production, sales, marketing, customer service, as well as enhancements to other existing
functions. 

 Other Comprehensive Income 

For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022 other comprehensive income saw a charge of 836,946 (2022 Charge of 257,885), arising from foreign currency translation adjustments. 

31 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Going Concern and Liquidity 

 For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company
recorded a net loss of 14,143,735 and used cash in operations of 8,451,781. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the financial statements are issued. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. In addition, the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, in their report on the Company s March 31, 2023 audited financial statements, raised
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

 In evaluating the going concern position of
the company, management has considered potential funding providers and believes that financing to fund future operations could be provided
by equity and/or debt financing. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our
operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity financing. 

 We have historically financed our operations
through a combination of debt and equity funding. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, 4,796,536 shares of common stock were issued
for gross proceeds of 8,394,056, and net proceeds of 7,656,398 after deducting cost incurred in relation to the financing of 737,658. 

 At March 31, 2023, the Company had net working
capital deficiency of 8,730,734) which included cash balances of 10,105,135 and current notes payable of 16,942,500. 

 Cash Flows 

Net cash used by our operating activities
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, was 8,451,781 which reflected the following key cashflow movements: a net loss of
 14,143,735 which included non-cash items booked as an expense relating to the accretion of the debt discount 1,871,593, change in
fair value of foreign exchange contract derivative liability of 291,534, change in fair value of warrant liability of 1,864,000
depreciation and amortization 444,177, inventory write down of 1,478,108, and impairment of intangible assets of 980,039. 

 Cashflows were also impacted by increases in
inventory of 1,745,189 and receivable/payable to related parties of 1,022,077 relating to the acquisition of raw materials to support
manufacture and delivery of product to our UK Licensee. 

 Working capital cashflow was also impacted
by an increase in accounts payable of 190,330, due to timing of purchases and a decrease in other liabilities and accrued expenses of
 427,748. 

 Net cash used by our operating activities
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, was 6,504,041 which reflected the following key cashflow movements: a net loss of 13,886,805
which included non-cash items booked as an expense relating to the accretion of the debt discount 6,666,630), mark-to-market valuation
of the foreign currency forward contracts that were held at fiscal year-end 440,196), stock-based compensation paid to an employee combined
the fair value of options issued to directors 220,917), and depreciation and amortization 229,810). 

 Net cash used in investing activities was
 539,217 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, which reflected expenditure on property and equipment to support the commencement of
manufacture of product for sale during the year of 376,170, combined with ongoing spend on software development 27,879) and patent
costs 135,168), to enhance the businesses digital offering and protect the intellectual property developed. 

32 

Net cash used in investing activities was
 956,482 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, which reflected expenditure on property and equipment to support the commencement of
manufacture of product for sale during the year of 481,718, combined with ongoing spend on software development 391,073) and patent
costs 83,691), to enhance the businesses digital offering and protect the intellectual property developed. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, was 2,082,117. This includes repayments made in relation to debt funding of 10,274,281, which
was offset by the proceeds from the issuance of common stock in relation to equity funding of 8,393,361 with associated cash costs of
 737,658, and the receipt of funds from a new loan facility for 4,700,000. 

 Net cash utilized in financing activities
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, was 6,368,315. This includes repayments made in relation to debt funding of 12,400,000, which
was partially offset by the proceeds from the issuance of common stock in relation to equity funding was 3,118,792, with associated cash
costs of 50,765, combined with the sale of warrants which provided a further 2,963,658 of cash funding. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Contractual Obligations 

None. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported results
of operations during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we
believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. Our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

33 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 - 21 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Nemaura
Medical Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Nemaura Medical Inc. (the Company as of March 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, during the year ended
March 31, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss and utilized cash flows in operations, and has had recurring losses since inception. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regards
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Inventory Valuation 

As described in Notes 3 and 5 to the financial statements,
the Company s inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, determined on first-in, first-out FIFO basis. As of March 31, 2023, the Company held inventory of 1.8 million. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of inventory,
which requires management to make assumptions and estimate the amount necessary to adjust inventory for markdowns. 

We identified the valuation of inventories as a critical
audit matter due to the significant judgments and estimates required by management. Determining whether a decline in value has occurred
requires significant judgments in estimating future demand and market conditions. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and
increased auditor effort in auditing such assumptions. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter included: 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s adjustment to inventory for markdowns by developing estimates of the adjustment to inventory for markdowns and comparing our estimates to management s estimate. 

We tested the accuracy and completeness of the inventory balance and the overall aging of inventory. 

We tested the completeness of the inventory valuation adjustment by identifying slow-moving inventory and comparing to management s analysis. 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculation of the adjustment to inventory for markdowns. 

F- 2 

Warrant liability 

As described in Note 8 to the financial statements,
during the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued warrants that required management to assess whether the warrants required liability
classification. Management determined that the warrants were required to be accounted for as liabilities and recorded at fair value when
issued and subsequently remeasured to fair value upon settlement or at the end of each reporting period. The Company s warrant liability
balance was 3.1 million at March 31, 2023. Management estimates the fair value of the warrant liabilities utilizing the Black-Scholes
pricing model. 

We identified the accounting for and valuation of
the warrant liabilities as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements used by management in determining whether the warrants
required liability classification, and the significant judgements used in determining the fair value of the warrant liabilities. This
required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased auditor effort in auditing the accounting for and valuation of the warrant liabilities. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter included: 

We obtained and read the warrant agreements to evaluate managements determination that the warrants met the criteria for classification as a liability. 

We tested the reasonableness of the assumptions used by management in the Black-Scholes model, including exercise price, expected term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate. 

We developed an independent expectation of the warrant liability using a Black-Scholes model and compared our independent expectation to managements estimate. 

Foreign exchange contract derivative liability

As described in Note 8 to the financial statements,
the Company has a foreign exchange contract that meets the definition of a derivative subject to the guidance of ASC 815, and is recognized
at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings at the end of each reporting period. The Company s foreign exchange
contract derivative liability was 731,730 at March 31, 2023. 

We identified auditing the valuation of the foreign
exchange contract derivative liability as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements used by management in determining
the fair value of the foreign exchange contract derivative liability. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased auditor
effort in auditing the valuation of the foreign exchange contract derivative liability. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter included: 

We obtained and read the foreign exchange contract, and agreed the notional and leveraged amounts at March 31, 2023 to the terms of the contract. 

We obtained management s calculation of the fair value of the foreign exchange contract derivative liability. 

We developed an independent expectation of the fair value of the foreign exchange contract derivative liability and compared our independent expectation to the Company s estimate. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2023. 

/s/ 

July 13, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Nemaura Medical
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Nemaura Medical Inc. (the Company) as of March 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2022,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company
has suffered recurring losses from operations, current debt due over current cash balances, and has accumulated deficits that raised substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ . 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

 Denver, 

June 29, 2022 

F- 4 

NEMAURA MEDICAL INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of March 31, 
 As of March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

VAT receivable 

Deposit on foreign exchange contract 

Receivable from related parties 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Notes payable, current portion 

Payable to related parties 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

Foreign exchange contract derivative liability 

Warrant liability 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable, non-current portion 

Deferred revenue, non-current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Common stock, par value 
 authorized: 
 shares; issued and outstanding: 
 and 
 as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

NEMAURA MEDICAL INC. Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Loss 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Sales 

Cost of sales 

Cost of sales-inventory write down 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Loss before income tax benefit 

Provision for income tax benefit 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

See notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

NEMAURA MEDICAL INC. Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Balance at March 31, 2021 

() 

Issuance of common shares, net of costs of 

Exercise of warrants 

Restricted shares issued as stock-based compensation 

Options issued to directors 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares, net of costs 

Fair value of warrant liability recognized in connection with issuance of common shares 

) 

() 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2023 

() 

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

NEMAURA MEDICAL INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Accretion of debt discount 

Monitoring fee interest expense added to notes payable 

Fees for note amendments expense added to note payable 

Inventory write-down 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Change in fair value of foreign exchange contract derivative liability 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and VAT receivable 

Deposit on foreign exchange contract 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Receivable/payable to related parties 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Capitalized patent costs 

Capitalized software development costs 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares 

Costs incurred in relation to equity financing 

Proceeds from warrant exercise 

Proceeds from issuance of long term debt, net of discount 

Repayments of notes payable 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Fair value of warrant liability recognized in connection with issuance
of common shares 

Monitoring fees added to notes payable 

See notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 8 

NEMAURA MEDICAL INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements For the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and
2022 

and used cash in operations of .
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date
that the financial statements are issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the
Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

 In evaluating the going
concern position of the company, management has considered potential funding providers and believes that financing to fund future operations
could be provided by equity and/or debt financing. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions
on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity financing. 

GBP 

Euro 

Total 

. 

t have any accrued interest or penalties
associated with any unrecognized tax benefits, nor was any interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits recognized for the years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Stock options 

EURO:USD 

For the Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Average exchange rate during the year ended March 31: 

GBP:USD 

The following table sets
forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy, the Company s assets and liabilities at fair value as of March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Liabilities 

Foreign exchange contract derivative
 liability 

Warrant derivative liability 

Total liabilities 

March
 31, 2022 

Level
 1 
 Level
 2 
 Level
 3 
 Total 
 
 Assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Foreign exchange contract derivative
 liability 

Total liabilities 

As of March 31, 2022, there
was no warrant derivative liability. The following table provides a roll-forward of the warrant derivative liability measured at fair
value on a recurring basis using unobservable level 3 inputs for the year ended March 31, 2023 as follows: 

Fair value of warrant liability recognized upon issuance of warrants in January 2023 

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liability 

Balance as of end of period March 31, 2023 

The Company believes the
carrying amount of its financial instruments (consisting of cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities) approximates
fair value due to the short-term nature of such instruments. 

and , respectively. 

VAT receivable as part of prepaid expenses and other receivables of . In presenting the Company s consolidated
balance sheet at March 31, 2023, the Company has reclassified the balance of as a separate line item VAT receivable, and the
balance of is presented as prepaid expenses in the accompanying March 31, 2022 financial statements. 

(approximately 
million and 
million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). 

 As the Company has continuing performance
obligations under the agreement, the up-front fees received from this agreement have been deferred and will be recorded as income over
the term of the commercial licensing agreement as the Company completes its performance obligations. At March 31, 2023, total deferred
revenue for the licensing agreement was . 

Finished products 

Total 

At March 31, 2023, management
determined that the net realizable value of the Company s inventory had fallen below its historical carrying cost.
Accordingly, for the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recorded a write down of inventory of , which is included in cost of goods sold. At March 31, 2023, the
balance of inventory shown above reflects its new cost basis after the write down. For the year ended March 31, 2022, there was write
down of inventory recorded. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property and equipment gross 

Less Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Book Value 

Depreciation expense relating to property
and equipment for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was approximately 
and , respectively. 

Less accumulated amortization 

Less impairment 

Software development costs 

Less impairment 

Amortization expensed within the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss relating to intangible assets for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was approximately and ,
respectively. At March 31, 2023, intangible assets and capitalized software costs
have been reduced for impairments of and , respectively. At March 31, 2022, impairments were recorded 

warrants. Upon the occurrence of certain transactions Fundamental Transactions, as defined), the warrants provide for
a value determined using a Black Scholes model with inputs calculated as described in the warrant agreement which includes a 
 floor on the volatility input to be utilized. The Company has determined that this provision introduces leverage to the holders of the warrants that could result in a
value that would be greater than the settlement amount of a fixed-for-fixed option on the Company s own equity shares.
Accordingly, pursuant to ASC 815, the Company has classified the fair value of the warrants as a liability to be re-measured at the
end of every reporting period with the change in value reported in the statement of operations. 

The warrant liability was valued at the following
dates using a Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair value of Warrant liability 

The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant. Expected volatility was determined based on the historical volatility data of the Company, and the
expected term of the warrants granted are determined based on the duration of time the warrants are expected to be outstanding. The dividend
yield on the Company s warrants is assumed to be zero as the Company has not historically paid dividends. 

Foreign exchange contract liability 

The Company is exposed to the impact of foreign
currency exchange fluctuations as a significant proportion of its expenses are denominated in GBP, and the Company s cash is
in USD and GBP. In February 2021, the Company entered into a forward contract to sell USD and buy GBP. The contract meets the
definition of a derivative subject to the guidance of ASC 815, does not qualify for hedge accounting, and accordingly is recognized
at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 

The term of the contract is 25 months, beginning
July, 2022, and ending August, 2024. The contract initially had a maximum notional amount of 
(and a maximum leveraged amount equal to two times the notional amount, or ).
 
of the contractual notional amount is settled (expires) each month through August 2024. During the
year ended March 31, 2023, 
of the leveraged amount (and 
of the notional amount) expired. 

At March 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of the
foreign currency contract liability was valued as follows: 

Leveraged amount (used to determine fair value of contract
 liability at March 31, 2023 and 2022) 

Expected remaining term (in months) 

Fair Value: 

Foreign currency contract liability 

The Company s foreign currency forward contracts are measured
at fair value on a recurring basis and are classified as Level 2 fair value measurement. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has deposited
 as collateral with the counterparty related to the foreign currency forward contract. 

Note Purchase Agreement 2 

Note Purchase Agreement 3 

Total notes payable 

Unamortized debt discount 

Notes payable, net of note discounts 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 1 (paid off
April 2022) 

On April 15, 2020, the Company issued a
note payable Note Purchase Agreement 1 to a third-party investor. The note was for , matured on ,
and was secured by all the assets of the Company. The Company received cash proceeds of , resulting in a discount of 
made up of an original issue discount OID of , commission of that was paid from proceeds, and 
to cover transaction expenses. In addition, the Company recorded a fee of 0.833 per month, which was in substance interest at an annual
rate of approximately , that was added to the note principal each month (as payment in kind, or PIK interest). The debt
less discount and transaction expenses were accreted over the term of the note using the effective interest rate method. Note Purchase
Agreement 1 was repaid in April 2022 and replaced by Note Purchase Agreement 3 issued in May 2022 (see below). 

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 2 

On February 8, 2021, the Company
issued a note payable Note Purchase Agreement 2 , Note 2 to a third-party investor. The note was for
 , originally matured on , and is secured by all the assets of the Company. The Company received cash proceeds
of , resulting in a discount of made up of an original issue discount OID of , commission
of that was paid from proceeds, and to cover transaction expenses. The Company agreed to make principal payments beginning
in August 2021 of monthly, which increased in February 2022 to monthly. In addition, the Company is required to accrue
a monthly PIK fee equal to 0.833 of the outstanding balance, which is in substance interest at an annual rate of approximately , that
is added to the note principal each month. The debt less discount and transaction expenses will be accreted over the term of the note
using the effective interest rate method. 

 Note 2 was amended in May 2022 to
reduce principal payments from 
a month to 
a month. Note 2 was amended again in October 2022 to extend the maturity from February 9, 2023 to , and to increase principal payments to 
a month beginning in March 2023. In consideration, the Company agreed to pay aggregate fees of 
to the investor which were added to the principal balance of Note 2. The Company accounted for the amendments under the debt
extinguishment model as the present value of cash flows of Note 2 under the terms of the amendments (the new note) was
more than 10 different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the original terms of Note 2 (the old 
note). The fair value of the new note was determined to be , less the carrying amount of the old note of ,
plus the fees of , resulted in a loss on extinguishment of ,
which is included in interest expense for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 3 

 On May 20, 2022, the Company issued a note payable Note
Purchase Agreement 3 with a third-party investor. The note was for ,
matures on , and is secured by all the assets of the Company. The Company received cash proceeds of ,
resulting in a discount of 
 made up of an original issue discount OID of ,
commission of 
 that was paid from proceeds, and 
 to cover transaction expenses. In addition, the Company is required to accrue a monthly PIK fee equal to 0.833 of the outstanding
balance, which is in substance interest at an annual rate of approximately ,
that is added to the note principal each month. The debt less discount and transaction expenses will be accreted over the term of the
note using the effective interest rate method. At March 31, 2023, the remaining debt discount to be amortized was . 

Amounts invoiced by Pharma to DDL, NM and TCL primarily relating to
research and development expenses 

Amounts invoiced by DDL to Pharma 

Amounts repaid by DDL to Pharma 

Foreign exchange differences 

Due to/(from) related parties at end of year 

for the year ended March 31, 2023 and for the year ended March 2022. 

British Virgin Islands 

RGL was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands BVI ).
Under the current laws of the BVI, RGL was not subject to tax on income or capital gains. In addition, upon payments of dividends by
RGL, no BVI withholding tax was imposed. During the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no income or expenses in the BVI;
RGL was formally dissolved as of April 23, 2021. 

UK 

DDL, TCL and DDHL are all incorporated in
the UK and the applicable UK statutory income tax rate for these companies is . 

For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022 loss before income tax benefit arose in the UK and U.S. as follows: 

Loss before income taxes arising in U.S. 

Total loss
 before income tax benefit 

Reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the loss calculated at the statutory
U.S. federal tax rate is as follows: 

Expected tax benefit 

Foreign tax differential 

Enhanced research and development 

Prior year true-up of NOL s 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

R D credit received 

Actual income tax benefit 

The tax effects of the temporary differences that give rise
to significant portions of deferred income tax assets are presented below: 

Research and development enhancement 

Other items 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred
 tax assets 

In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company received
 reimbursement from HMRC (Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs) in tax credits relating to research and development expenses incurred
during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company received from HMRC in tax credits relating to the reimbursement of research and development expenses incurred during the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2021. 

 For each of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company did not have unrecognized tax benefits, and therefore no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were
accrued. Management does not expect that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly within the next twelve months. 

 The Company mainly files income tax returns in the U.S. and
the UK. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax examination by tax authorities for tax years beginning in 2019. The UK
tax returns for the Company s UK subsidiaries are open to examination by the UK tax authorities for the tax years beginning April
1, 2018. 

 As of March 31, 2023, the Company has net
operating losses NOLs of approximately in the U.S. and in the UK. NOLs may be carried forward
indefinitely. Additionally, the Company has a research and development enhancement deduction carry forward of approximately 
for purposes of UK income tax filings. 

million,
dependent upon available shares. 

 In January 2023, Armistice Capital LLC and Alyeska Master
Fund LLC agreed to buy a total of 
 shares of common stock at 
per share plus warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock with an exercise price equal to 
per share The gross proceeds totaled before costs of 
were deducted. 

On July 23, 2021, the Company entered into an At The Market
Offering Agreement (the 2021 ATM with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC pursuant to which the Company may offer and
sell from time to time to, at its option, up to an aggregate of 100 million of shares (amended to 
million as at April 1, 2022) in of its common stock. 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued
and sold shares
of its common stock (including shares to Tiger Trading Partners L.L.C., see below) at an average price of per
share under the 2021 ATM for aggregate net proceeds of million
after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company. 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company agreed to sell 
shares to Tiger Trading Partners L.L.C. (an affiliate of Tiger Management L.L.C. (a vehicle for the family
office of Julian H. Robertson) at a price of 
per share and gross proceeds of 
million; of the shares were sold within the 2021 ATM facility noted above,
and of the shares were sold in a direct issuance completed on February 10, 2022. 

Stock options 

A summary of option activity for the years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022 is presented below: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Vested and exercisable at March 31, 2023 

No stock options were granted during the fiscal year ended March
31, 2023. 

 On January 28, 2022, the Board of Directors
granted its directors options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, which was the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The options were fully vested at grant and are exercisable for a period
of five years from the date of grant. The fair value of the stock options was determined to be using a Black-Scholes Option
Pricing Model with the following assumptions: 

Exercise Price 

Term 
 years 
 
 Volatility 

Expected dividend yield ) 

Discount Rate (Bond Equivalent Yield) 

Stock Warrants 

 A summary of warrant activity for the years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 is presented below: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Vested and exercisable at March 31, 2023 

F- 21 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

The disclosure with respect to the change in our accountants
required under this section was previously reported as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 31, 2022. As previously disclosed, there
were no disagreements or any reportable events to disclose. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

We have established
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files
or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the officers
who certify the Company's financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 The Company s
Chief Executive Officer / Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of March 31, 2023. Based on their evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of March 31, 2023 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 

 Management's
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the
Chief Executive Officer / Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1.
Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of our company; 

2.
Provide reasonable assurance that the transaction is recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial 

 statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the
consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

In evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). 

Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
/ Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of March 31, 2023. Management
has identified the following material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023: 

Subsequent to filing our Form 10-Q for the second
quarter ended September 30, 2022 and as a result of additional analysis performed in preparation for the Form 10-Q for the third quarter
ended December 31, 2022 audit, management became aware that the Company did not maintain effective controls over the preparation and review
of (i) accounting for the foreign currency balance for a mark-to-market contract; and (ii) accounting for certain debt issuance costs
in the computation of the effective interest rate for a loan note, mainly due to the lack of adequate technical expertise, and the subsequent
impact on the quarterly periods ended June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022. This resulted in an error in our interim consolidated quarterly
financial statements as originally reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022 and June
30, 2022, which in turn required a restatement of our interim consolidated financial data for those periods. Management determined that
this control deficiency constituted a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022, and September
30, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

34 

Since we are a smaller
reporting company, this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting
firm on internal control over financial reporting. 

 Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

 There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) during
the quarter ended March 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

 Remediation of Material Weaknesses 

Subsequent to September 30, 2022, the Company adopted
additional internal controls wherein if the accounting for (i) the foreign currency balance for a mark-to-market contract; and (ii) for
certain debt issuance costs in the computation of the effective interest rate for a loan note, or any other complex transaction is contemplated,
an accounting consultant will be engaged as to the financial statement impact that any such transaction may have, prior to consummation
of the transaction. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

Not applicable. 

 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

35 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following persons are our executive officers and directors, and hold the positions
set forth opposite their respective names as of the date hereof. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Date of Appointment 
 
 Dewan Fazlul Hoque Chowdhury 
 50 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 December 24, 2013 
 
 Arash Ghadar 
 46 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 January 5, 2022 
 
 Bashir Timol 
 47 
 Director, Chief Business Officer 
 December 24, 2013 April 9, 2018 
 
 Thomas Moore 
 59 
 Independent Director 
 August 3, 2017 
 
 Dr. Salim Natha 
 56 
 Independent Director 
 July 26, 2017 
 
 Timothy Johnson 
 39 
 Independent Director 
 July 17, 2017 

Our directors hold office until the earlier
of their death, resignation, or removal or until their successors have been qualified. 

Dewan Fazlul Hoque Chowdhury. Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury has
been our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors since the incorporation of DDL on January 20, 2009.
He is in charge of research and development of our core technologies, product development, innovation and commercialization. He also
coordinates and oversees legal compliance; development of the company mission; policy and planning. Prior to establishing the Company,
Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury was the founder and CEO of Microneedle Technologies and Nemaura Pharma Limited. Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury has been responsible
for negotiating licensing deals for a transdermal patch to treat Alzheimer s disease. Additionally, he is involved in commercial
negotiations and global strategy development. 

Arash Ghadar . Dr Ghadar joined the
business as Chief Operating Officer on January 5, 2022, prior to joining Nemaura, Dr. Ghadar spent a decade as the Technical Director
of Datalink Electronics (Datalink) in Loughborough, England where he managed the design team as an autonomous entity within Datalink.
He was responsible for management of the day-to-day operations, business planning, legal affairs, finance, sales, and business development
of the design team. In this role, he also oversaw numerous technical projects for healthcare and industrial customers that included product
development lifecycle, feasibility studies, design, development, prototyping, validation, certification, quality management, and volume
manufacturing. 

Dr. Ghadar is also currently a non-executive
director at Medilink Midlands, the Midlands (England) Life Sciences industry association with a vision to stimulate the growth of the
Midlands life science sector. He has a BSc Degree and Masters in Electronics and Control Systems Engineering, where he achieved a First
Class degree and Distinction respectively, and he also has a Ph.D. in Biosensors from the University of Warwick (U.K.). 

Bashir Timol . Mr.
Timol has served as member of the board of Nemaura Medical since formation in December 2013. He has co-founded, managed, and funded several
biotech and life science companies, and led the investment consortium that provided capital for the initial two funding rounds for
Nemaura Medical. Mr. Timol obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of Central Lancashire, UK. 

Timothy Johnson . Mr. Johnson was
elected as a director in July 2017. He is currently serving in executive positions in several tax consultancy and accountancy businesses
in the UK. He is a practicing Chartered Tax Adviser and holds a first-class Master of Science in Mathematics and Physics from the University
of Manchester, UK. Mr Johnson s work involves in depth review and analysis of financial statements on a daily basis, and he has
significant experience in matters relating to financial accounts, tax, financial management, financial regulatory requirements and anti-money
laundering requirements. 

Thomas Moore. Mr. Moore was elected
as a director in August 2017. He is currently working as a director, tax consultant and co-owner of a tax consultancy and pensions administration
business (WestBridge), having built up three decades of experience in accounting and consulting fields at leading accounting firms including
Grant Thornton, KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Throughout the last five years, Mr Moore has held his current role with WestBridge since
May 2017 and before that was a Director with Grant Thornton UK PLC. He is a practicing Chartered Tax Adviser and earned his first-class
Bachelor of Arts in French and Russian from the University of Northumbria, UK. The qualifications Mr Moore brings to the role include
a wealth of experience in matters relating to accounts, financial management and financial regulatory requirements including his current
experience as an MLRO in two companies. 

36 

Dr. Salim Natha. Dr. Natha was elected as a director
in July 2017. He is currently practicing as an Eye Surgeon in the UK National Health Service (NHS), and is the clinical lead for a retinopathy
screening program for over 20,000 diabetics in the Ashton, Wigan and Leigh region. He has published several articles in the medical literature
and is a peer reviewer for the English National Diabetic Retinopathy Screening Program. Dr. Natha graduated with honours from the University
of Liverpool Medical School. 

 Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any of our directors
or executive officers. 

 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

 None. 

Board of Directors 

 All directors hold office until the next
Annual Meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Directors are elected at the annual meetings
to serve for one-year terms. Officers are elected by, and serve at the discretion of, the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors shall
hold meetings on at least a quarterly basis. 

The Board of Directors complies with the NASDAQ Listing Rules
with respect to corporate governance matters. Under the NASDAQ rules we are required to maintain a board of directors comprised of at
least 50 independent directors, and an audit committee of at least two members, comprised solely of independent directors who also meet
the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 Director Independence 

 The board of directors has reviewed the independence of our
directors, applying the NASDAQ independence standards. Based on this review, the board of directors determined that each of Thomas Moore,
Dr. Salim Natha and Timothy Johnson are independent within the meaning of the NASDAQ rules. In making this determination, our board of
directors considered the relationships that each of these non-employee directors has with us and all other facts and circumstances our
board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence. As required under applicable NASDAQ rules, we anticipate that our
independent directors will meet on a regular basis as often as necessary to fulfil their responsibilities, including at least annually
in executive session without the presence of non-independent directors and management. 

 Board Committees 

 Our board of directors has established standing committees
in connection with the discharge of its responsibilities. These committees include an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Our board of directors has adopted written charters for each of these committees. Copies
of the charters are available on our website. Our board of directors may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate
from time to time. 

 Audit Committee 

 Our Audit Committee is comprised of our
independent directors: Thomas Moore, Dr. Salim Natha and Timothy Johnson. Mr. Johnson qualifies as the Audit Committee financial expert
as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act. 

According to its charter, the Audit Committee
consists of at least three members, each of whom shall be a non-employee director who has been determined by the Board to meet the independence
requirements of NASDAQ, and also Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the SEC, subject to the exemptions provided in Rule 10A-3(c). The Audit Committee
Charter describes the primary functions of the Audit Committee, including the following: 

Oversee the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes;

Oversee audits of the Company s consolidated financial statements;

Discuss policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, and
discuss the Company s major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; 

37 

Review and discuss with management the Company s audited consolidated
financial statements and review with management and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm the Company s
consolidated financial statements prior to the filing with the SEC of any report containing such consolidated financial statements. 

Recommend to the board that the Company s audited consolidated financial
statements be included in its annual report on Form 10-K for the last fiscal year; 

Meet separately, periodically, with management, with the Company s
internal auditors (or other personnel responsible for the internal audit function) and with the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm; 

Be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and
oversight of the work of any independent registered public accounting firm engaged to prepare or issue an audit report for the Company;

Take, or recommend that the board take, appropriate action to oversee and
ensure the independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm; and 

Review major changes to the Company s auditing and accounting principles
and practices as suggested by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, internal auditors or management. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee is responsible
for, among other matters: 

reviewing and approving, or recommending to the board of directors to approve
the compensation of our CEO and other executive officers and directors reviewing key employee compensation goals, policies, plans and
programs; 

administering incentive and equity-based compensation; 

reviewing and approving employment agreements and other similar arrangements
between us and our executive officers; and 

appointing and overseeing any compensation consultants or advisors. 

Our Compensation Committee consists of Thomas
Moore, Dr. Salim Natha and Timothy Johnson. Dr. Salim Natha serves as chair of the Compensation Committee. 

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 

The Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee is responsible for, among other matters: 

selecting or recommending for selection candidates for directorships; 

evaluating the independence of directors and director nominees; 

reviewing and making recommendations regarding the structure and composition
of our board and the board committees; 

developing and recommending to the board corporate governance principles
and practices; 

reviewing and monitoring the Company s Code of Ethics; and 

overseeing the evaluation of the Company s management. 

Our Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee consists of Thomas Moore, Dr. Salim Natha and Timothy Johnson. Mr. Johnson serves as chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee. 

38 

Material Changes to Procedures by which Security Holders
May Recommend Board Nominees 

 We do not currently have a procedure by which security holders
may recommend nominees to the Board. Prior to the listing of our common stock on NASDAQ, as a private company with a limited shareholder
base, we did not believe that it was important to provide such a procedure. However, as a publicly traded NASDAQ company with the requirement
to hold annual shareholder meetings, we will consider implementing such a policy in the future. 

 The Board does not have a formal policy on Board candidate
qualifications. The Board may consider those factors it deems appropriate in evaluating director nominees made either by the Board or
stockholders, including judgment, skill, strength of character, experience with businesses and organizations comparable in size or scope
to the Company, experience and skill relative to other Board members, and specialized knowledge or experience. Depending upon the current
needs of the Board, certain factors may be weighed more or less heavily. In considering candidates for the Board, the directors evaluate
the entirety of each candidate s credentials and do not have any specific minimum qualifications that must be met. The directors
will consider candidates from any reasonable source, including current Board members, stockholders, professional search firms or other
persons. The directors will not evaluate candidates differently based on who has made the recommendation. 

 Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

 Dr. Chowdhury holds the positions of chief
financial officer, chief executive officer, and chairman of the board of the Company. Mr. Justin Mclarney held the position of chief financial
officer from September 2020 until July 2022. The board believes that Dr. Chowdhury s services as chief financial officer, chief
executive officer and chairman of the board is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. The process is ongoing in recruiting
for the position of chief financial officer. Dr. Chowdhury possesses detailed and in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities and
challenges facing the Company in its business and is thus best positioned to develop agendas that ensure that the Board s time and
attention are focused on the most critical matters relating to the business of the Company. His combined role enables decisive leadership,
ensures clear accountability, and enhances the Company s ability to communicate its message and strategy clearly and consistently
to the Company s shareholders, employees and customers. 

The board has not designated a lead director. Given the limited
number of directors comprising the Board, the independent directors call and plan their executive sessions collaboratively and, between
meetings of the Board, communicate with management and one another directly. Under these circumstances, the directors believe designating
a lead director to take on responsibility for functions in which they all currently participate might detract from rather than enhance
performance of their responsibilities as directors. 

 Management is responsible for assessing
and managing risk, subject to oversight by the board of directors. The board oversees our risk management policies and risk appetite,
including operational risks and risks relating to our business strategy and transactions. Various committees of the board assist the board
in this oversight responsibility in their respective areas of expertise. 

The Audit Committee assists the board with the oversight of our financial
reporting, independent auditors, and internal controls. It is charged with identifying any flaws in business management and recommending
remedies, detecting fraud risks and implementing anti-fraud measures. The audit committee further discusses Nemaura s policies with
respect to risk assessment and management with respect to financial reporting. 

The Compensation Committee oversees compensation, retention, succession
and other human resources-related issues and risks. 

The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee overviews risks relating
to our governance policies and initiatives. 

Code of Ethics 

 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies
to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and other persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of
Ethics is available on our website. We intend to post amendments to, or waivers from a provision of, our Code of Ethics that apply to
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions on our website. 

39 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

2023 Summary Compensation Table 

 This table provides disclosure, for fiscal
years 2023 and 2022, of the compensation paid to our named executive officers. 

Named Executive Officer and Principal
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock
 Awards 
 Option
 Awards 
 All Other
 Compensation 
 Total 

Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury, 
 2023 
 98,913 

239,665 (4) 
 337,577 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 2022 
 109,416 

26,706 (1) 
 3,849 
 139,971 
 
 Justin McLarney 
 2023 
 28,245 

50,728 
 78,973 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2022 
 256,444 (3) 

2,498 
 258,942 

(1) 
 On January 28, 2022, in compensation for Dr. Chowdhury s service as a director, the Company s Board of Directors granted to Dr. Chowdhury an option to purchase 8,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.98 per share, the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The option was fully vested at grant and is exercisable for a period of five years from the date of grant. The fair value attributed to the options has been calculated using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr. Mclarney left his position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company in July 2022. Thereafter, Dr. Chowdhury acted as Interim Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 (3) 
 Of this amount, 169,055 was paid in cash, and 87,389 was paid in stock. At Mr. Mclarney s election, a portion of his base salary was paid in stock. Accordingly, on January 31, 2022, Mr. Mclarney received 22,293 shares at the market price of 3.92. 
 
 (4) 
 In April 2022 the remuneration Committee agreed to change the remuneration for Dr. Chowdhury, which had not changed since 2013. It was determined that his remuneration should be 400,000 per annum plus a discretionary bonus (performance requirements to be determined at a later date). The Board approved this in July 2022. This also includes payments into the pension scheme. 

Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury 

We entered into an employment agreement
with Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury on November 2, 2013. Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury s contract is for an unspecified period. He may leave the Company
with notice, or the Company may terminate his contract with notice. Termination may be with or without cause. Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury receives
an annual salary of 80,000 pounds sterling (approximately 109,000). Our contract with Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury does not include any
provision for stock options or equity incentives. 

Under the executive employment agreement
Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury s annual salary was adjusted on a pro rata basis to reflect only work that was performed for Nemaura Medical
Inc. The disclosure set forth in the table reflects his pro rata compensation for the periods ending March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021,
respectively. 

Mr. J. McLarney 

We entered into an employment agreement
with our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Justin Mclarney on September 15, 2020. Mr Mclarney s contract is for an unspecified period.
He may leave the Company with notice, or the Company may terminate his contract with notice. Termination may be with or without cause.
Mr Mclarney receives an annual base salary of 90,000 pounds sterling (approximately 123,000). Our contractual arrangements with
Mr Mclarney allow for stock options, and equity or cash incentives to be provided upon certain conditions having been met. Employment
was terminated by mutual consent in July 2022. 

Outstanding Equity Awards for fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023. 

The table below sets forth the outstanding option awards for
the named executive officers, as of March 31, 2023; there were no new outstanding stock awards as of this date: 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury 
 8,000 
 
 3.98 
 January 28, 2027 

Potential payments upon termination or change-in-control. 

 None. 

40 

Director Compensation 

 Each of our independent directors received annual fees of 5,000
pounds sterling (approximately 6,182) for the year ended March 31, 2023, for their service on our board of directors and committees. 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 
 Timothy Johnson 
 6,182 
 
 Dr. Salim Natha 
 6,182 
 
 Thomas Moore 
 6,182 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following tables set forth certain information
as of March 31, 2022, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock, by (i) each person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns
more than 5 of our common stock; (ii) our named executive officers; (iii) each director; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors
as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes
to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and that person s address is c/o NEMAURA
MEDICAL INC., Advanced Technology Innovation Centre, 5 Oakwood Drive, Loughborough, Leicestershire, United Kingdom LE11 3QF. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage (1) 
 
 Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury 
 8,761,700 (2) 
 30.3 
 
 Bashir Timol 
 2,798,310 (3) 
 9.7 
 
 Timothy Johnson 
 8,000 (4) 

Dr. Salim Natha 
 408,640 (2) 
 1.4 
 
 Thomas Moore 
 8,000 (4) 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (6 persons) 
 12,025,693 (5) 
 41.5 
 
 Holders of 5 or more of our common stock 

Ismail, Sufyan (6) 
 2,134,295 
 7.4 

Less than 1 . 

 (1) Based upon 24,102,866 shares of our common stock outstanding
at March 31, 2022. 

 (2) Includes 8,000 shares the reporting person has the right
to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2022 upon exercise of a vested option to purchase 8,000 shares of common stock. 

 (3) Represents (i) 2,708,210 shares held directly by the reporting
person, (ii) 82,100 shares held by the reporting person s spouse, and (iii) 8,000 shares the reporting person has the right to acquire
within 60 days of March 31, 2022 upon exercise of a vested option to purchase 8,000 shares of common stock. 

 (4) Represents 8,000 shares the reporting person has the right
to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2022 upon exercise of a vested option to purchase 8,000 shares of common stock. 

 (5) Includes 40,000 shares the Company s executive officers
and directors have the right to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2022 upon exercise of vested options to purchase 40,000 shares of
common stock. 

 (6) Mr. Ismail s address is Hollybank High Bank Lane, Lostock,
Bolton, Lancashire BL6 HDT United Kingdom. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Pharma and NDM are entities controlled by
our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and majority shareholder, Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury. 

Pharma has invoiced our subsidiaries, DDL
and TCL for research and development services. In addition, certain operating expenses of DDL and TCL were incurred and paid by Pharma
and NDM which have been invoiced to us. Certain costs incurred by Pharma and NDM are directly attributable to DDL and TCL and such costs
were billed to us. 

Total costs charged to us by Pharma and NDM were 4,767,586
for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

41 

The following is a summary of activity between
the Company and Pharma and NDM for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

March
 31, 

2023 
 2022 

) 
 ) 
 
 Liability due to related parties at beginning of year 
 (101,297 
 148,795 
 
 Amounts invoiced by Pharma to DDL, NM and TCL 
 4,767,586 
 3,245,985 
 
 Amounts invoiced by DDL to Pharma 
 (3,245 
 (2,495 
 
 Amounts paid by DDL to Pharma 
 (3,773,217 
 (3,492,962 
 
 Foreign exchange differences 
 30,953 
 (620 
 
 (Receivable) / Liability due (from) / to related parties at end of year 
 920,780 
 (101,297 

REVIEW, APPROVAL OR RATIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS
WITH RELATED PERSONS 

It is Company policy to not enter any transaction (other than
compensation arrangements in the ordinary course) with any director, executive officer, employee, or principal stockholder or party related
to them, unless authorized by a majority of the directors having no interest in the transaction, upon a favorable recommendation by the
Audit Committee (or a majority of its disinterested members). 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth the aggregate
fees billed in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 by Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. and Weinberg Company P.A. 

2023 
 2022 

) 
 ) 
 
 Audit Fees 
 217,000 
 87,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 40,000 
 80,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 10,000 
 
 Other Fees 
 31,000 
 10,000 
 
 Totals 
 288,000 
 187,500 

Audit fees represent amounts billed for professional services
rendered or expected to be rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements. 

 Audit-related fees represent professional services rendered
or expected to be rendered for assurance and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of
the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements that are not reported under audit fees. 

 Tax fees represent professional services
rendered by the accounting firm for tax compliance and this includes preparing our annual tax filings. 

Other fees represent charges made for the provision of a comfort
letter.. 

 The Audit Committee approves all auditing services and the
terms thereof and non-audit services (other than non-audit services published under Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act or the applicable
rules of the SEC or the Pubic Company Accounting Oversight Board) to be provided to us by the independent auditor; provided, however,
the pre-approval requirement is waived with respect to the provisions of non-audit services for us if the de minimus provisions
of Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act are satisfied. 

 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy 

Under provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, our principal accountant may not be engaged to provide non-audit services that are prohibited by law or regulation to be provided
by it, and the Audit Committee must pre-approve the engagement of our independent accountant to provide audit and permissible non-audit
services. The Audit Committee has not established any policies or procedures other than those required by applicable laws and regulations. 

42 

PART IV 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 
 Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation December 24, 2013 (Incorporated by reference from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-194857)) 
 
 3.1(a) 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation 
(Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, filed June
12, 2018) 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on June 12, 2018 
 
 3.3 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-194857), filed March 28, 2014) 
 
 3.4 
 Amended and Restated Company By-laws Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, filed June 12, 2018 
 
 4.1 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2015) 
 
 4.2 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant by and between Nemaura Medical Inc. and Dr. Dallas John Burston, dated November 26, 2015 Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2, 2015 
 
 4.3 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Incorporated by reference from
the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, filed June 29, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 Employment Agreement dated November 1, 2013, between the Company and Dewan F.H. Chowdhury (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-194857), filed March 28, 2014) 
 
 10.2 
 Exclusive Rights License Agreement between Dallas Burston Pharma (DBP) Jersey Limited and Dermal Diagnostics Limited, dated March 31, 2014 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-194857), filed July 11, 2014) 
 
 10.3 
 Assignment Agreement between NDM Technologies Limited and Dermal Diagnostics Limited, dated May 8, 2014 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-194857), filed July 30, 2014) 
 
 10.4 
 Assignment Agreement between Nemaura Pharma Limited and Dermal Diagnostics Limited, dated May 8, 2014 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-194857), filed July 30, 2014) 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 License, Supply and Distribution Agreement (incorporated by reference from
the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2015) 
 
 10.6 
 Form of Common Stock Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2017) 
 
 10.7+ 
 Joint Collaboration Agreement, between Dallas Burston Ethitronix (Europe) Limited and Nemaura Medical Inc., dated May 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 25, 2018) 
 
 10.8 
 Employment Agreement dated September 15, 2020 between Dermal Diagnostics Limited and Justin Mclarney (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2020). 
 
 10.9 
 Healthimation
 License Agreement dated as of September 16, 2020 by and between Healthimation, LLC and the registrant (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2020). 
 
 10.10 
 Amendment,
 dated as of October 23, 2020, to Healthimation License Agreement by and between Healthimation, LLC and the registrant 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2,
 2020). 
 
 10.11 
 Note Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Uptown Capital, LLC dated February 8, 2021 (Please note that portions of this exhibit have been omitted) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2021). 
 
 10.12 
 Secured Promissory Note of the Registrant issued to Uptown Capital, LLC dated February 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2021). 
 
 10.13 
 Security Agreement between the Registrant and Uptown Capital, LLC dated February 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2021). 
 
 10.14 
 License, Supply and Distribution Agreement, entered into on September 24, 2021 and dated as of September 17, 2021, by and between Nemaura Medical Inc. and MySugarWatch Duopack Limited (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 31, 2021). 
 
 10.15 
 Statement of Main Terms of Employment dated January 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2022). 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Ethics adopted by the Board of Directors (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-194857), filed March 28, 2014) 
 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 Consent of Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 
 
 23.2 
 Consent of Weinberg Company, P.A. 
 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
 - Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished herewith. 

 +Portions of this Exhibit have been omitted
pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

 Management contract or compensatory
plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf on July 13, 2023,
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NEMAURA MEDICAL INC. 

/s/ Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury 

 Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury 

 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 July 13, 2023 
 
 Dr. D.F.H.Chowdhury 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Bashir Timol 
 
 Director 
 
 July 13, 2023 
 
 Bashir Timol 

/s/ Timothy Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 July 13, 2023 
 
 Timothy Johnson 

/s/ Salim Natha 
 
 Director 
 
 July 13, 2023 
 
 Salim Natha 

/s/ Thomas Moore 
 
 Director 
 
 July 13, 2023 
 
 Thomas Moore 

44 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES 

Entity Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Dermal Diagnostics (Holdings) Limited 

England and Wales 

Dermal Diagnostics Limited 

England and Wales 

Trial Clinic Limited 
 
 England and Wales 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23x1.htm
 CONSENT OF AUDITOR

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the inclusion in Form
10-K of our report dated June 29, 2022, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Nemaura Medical, Inc. as of March 31,
2022 and for the year then ended, which report includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the existence of substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern, included in this annual report on Form 10-K of Nemaura Medical, Inc. as of and
for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

/s/ Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 

Denver, Colorado 

 July 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex23x2.htm
 CONSENT OF AUDITOR

Exhibit
23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-230535) of our report dated July 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements
of Nemaura Medical Inc. as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023 (which report includes an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern) which appear in Nemaura Medical Inc. s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

/s/Weinberg and Company,
P.A. 

 Los Angeles, California 

 July 13, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of Nemaura Medical Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: July 13, 2023 

By: /s/ Dr. D. F. H. Chowdhury 

Name: Dr. D. F. H. Chowdhury 

Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Dr. D.F.H. Chowdhury, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of Nemaura Medical Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: July 13, 2023 

By: /s/ Dr. D. F. H. Chowdhury 

Name: Dr. D. F. H. Chowdhury 

Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Each of the
undersigned, Dr.D.F.H. Chowdhury , Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) and Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the
Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (the
 Report ). 

 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company 

July 13, 2023 

/s/ Dr. D. F. H. Chowdhury 
 
 Dr. D. F. H. Chowdhury 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 nmrd-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 nmrd-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nmrd-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 nmrd-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

