<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_1811530_0001599916-23-000212.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3852210</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138573</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2014296</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>577913</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>449532</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>619964</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001599916-23-000212.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928170426
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001599916-23-000212
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Next Meats Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001811530
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				854008709
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56167
		FILM NUMBER:		231290686

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3F 1-16-13 EBISU MINAMI
		STREET 2:		SHIBUYA-KU
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			150-0022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		819060024978

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3F 1-16-13 EBISU MINAMI
		STREET 2:		SHIBUYA-KU
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			150-0022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Turnkey Solutions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001599916-23-000212.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 nxmh_ye23o.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

FOR THE
FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

 OR 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

3F 1-16-13 Ebisu Minami Shibuya-ku, Tokyo Japan 
 150-0022 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Company Phone Number: 81-90-6002-4978 

Securities to be registered under Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

 Securities to be registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 

Name of each exchange on which 
 registered 

Common Stock, 0.001 
 
 None; Shares are however quoted on the OTC Markets Group Inc s Pink Open Market. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 [X] Yes
[ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 [X] 
 [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ]
 [X] Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

[ ] Yes [X] 

As of October 31, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing price per share (or 0.75), of the
registrant s common stock as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. 

The public float has been determined by
multiplying the total non-restricted common shares, issued and outstanding held by non-affiliates as of October 31, 2022, by the
market price of the issuer's common stock at the close of the October 31, 2022 business day. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

shares of common
stock, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2023 

 0 shares of preferred stock,
 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 NEXT
MEATS HOLDINGS, INC. 

PART
 I 

PAGE 
 
 Item
 1 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 6 

PART
 II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 7 
 
 Item
 6 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F1-10 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 10 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 10 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 
 10 

PART
 III 

Item
 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 11 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 15 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 16 
 
 Item
 16 
 10-K
 Summary 

Signatures 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain statements and information included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023 (this Report ), contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), Section 21 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements are not statements of historical facts, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future events and results. We
generally use the words may, should, believe, expect, intend, plan, 
 anticipate, likely, estimate, potential, continue, will, 
and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements, including those concerning our expectations,
involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance,
or achievements, or industry results to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we undertake
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
You are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this Report. 

CERTAIN TERMS USED IN THIS
REPORT 

We, us, our, 
 the Registrant, the Company, NXMH , and Next Meats Holdings are synonymous with
Next Meats Holdings, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Corporate History 

Next Meats Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Turnkey
Solutions, Inc., was incorporated on April 15, 2020 in the State of Nevada. 

On
April 15, 2020, Paul Moody was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director of the Company, at the time known
as Turnkey Solutions, Inc. 

On
October 1, 2020, the Company, at the time known as Turnkey Solutions, Inc. (the Company or Successor announced on Form 8-K plans to participate in a holding company reorganization the Reorganization or Merger with Intermedia Marketing Solutions, Inc. IMMM or Predecessor and Intermedia Marketing Solutions Merger
Sub, Inc. Merger Sub collectively (the Constituent Corporations pursuant to NRS 92A.180, NRS A.200, NRS
92A.230 and NRS 92A.250. Immediately prior to the Reorganization, the Company was a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of Intermedia
Marketing Solutions, Inc. and Intermedia Marketing Solutions Merger Sub, Inc. was a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The
effective date and time of the Reorganization was October 28, 2020 at 4PM PST (the Effective Time ). The entire plan of
Merger is on file with Nevada Secretary of State NSOS and included in the Articles of Merger pursuant to NRS 92A.200
Nevada Secretary of State NSOS and attached to and made a part thereof to the Articles of Merger pursuant to NRS 92A.200
filed with NSOS on October 16, 2020. At the Effective Time, Predecessor merged with and into its indirect and wholly owned subsidiary,
Merger Sub with Predecessor as the surviving corporation resulting in Predecessor as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Concurrently
and after the Effective Time, the Company cancelled all of its stock held in Predecessor resulting in the Company as a stand-alone and
separate entity with no subsidiaries, no assets and negligible liabilities. The assets and liabilities of Predecessor, if any, remained
with Predecessor. The Company abandoned the business plan of its Predecessor and resumed its former business plan of a blank check company
after completion of the Merger. 

Full
details pertaining to the Reorganization can be viewed in the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2020. 

On
November 18, 2020 our now former controlling shareholder, Flint Consulting Services, LLC sold 35,000,000 shares of common stock to Next
Meats Co., Ltd., a Japan Company. Next Meats Co., Ltd. is a Japanese Company that operates in the alternative meat industry.
It currently offers, and plans to continue to offer, amongst other things, artificial chicken and beef products made from meat substitutes.
As will be described later on, Next Meats Co., Ltd. is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On
November 18, 2020, Paul Moody resigned from his position of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer
and Director. 

Simultaneous
to Paul Moody s resignations, Ryo Shirai was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Hideyuki Sasaki as our Chief
Operating Officer and Director, and Koichi Ishizuka as our Chief Financial Officer. 

On
January 8, 2021 our now former majority shareholder, Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japan Company, along with our Board of Directors, took action
to ratify, affirm, and approve a name change of the Company from Turnkey Solutions, Inc., to Next Meats Holdings, Inc. The Company filed
a Certificate of Amendment with the Nevada Secretary of State NVSOS to enact the name change with an effective date of
January 19, 2021. This was previously disclosed in the Form 8-K we filed on January 25, 2021. 

Also
on January 8, 2021, our now former majority shareholder Next Meats Co., Ltd., along with our Board of Directors took action to ratify,
affirm, and approve a change of the Company s ticker symbol from TKSI to NXMH. 

Pursuant
to the above, the Company carried out a FINRA corporate action. As a result of the aforementioned actions the Company s CUSIP number
was changed from 90043H102 to 65345L 100. The change in CUSIP,
name change, and symbol change were posted on the FINRA daily list on January 25, 2021 with a market effective date of January 26, 2021. 

On
January 28, 2021, Next Meats Co., Ltd., along with our Board of Directors, took action to ratify, affirm, and approve the issuance of
452,352,298 shares of restricted common stock to Next Meats Co., Ltd. The shares were issued for services rendered to the Company. 

On
June 9, 2021 the Company entered into a Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement (referred to herein as the Agreement with Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japan Company. Pursuant to the Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement, effective on December 16,
2021, Next Meats Holdings, Inc. acquired Next Meats Co., Ltd. as a wholly owned subsidiary. Commensurate with this action, there was
a conversion of the Next Meats Holdings, Inc. percentile share interest in exchange for the Company s 100 share interest in Next
Meats Co., Ltd. Immediately prior to the effective time, each (now former) shareholder of Next Meats Co., Ltd. cancelled and exchanged
their percentile share interest in Next Meats Co., Ltd. for an equivalent percentile share interest in Next Meats Holdings, Inc. at a
pro rata percentage. As a result of the Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement, we now own 100 of the issued and outstanding shares
of Next Meats Co., Ltd., which constitutes 1,000 shares of common stock. 

We
believe that the aforementioned transaction(s) relating to the Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement described above constituted
a tax-free organization pursuant to Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. Full details of the Share Cancellation and Exchange
Agreement are contained within our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021. 

Following
the acquisition of Next Meats Co., Ltd. on December 16, 2021, we ceased to be a shell company. Currently, and going forward, we intend
to act as a holding company for our subsidiaries which develop and sell alternative meat products, created from various meat substitutes. 

On
 December 28, 2021, Ryo Shirai resigned as our Chief Executive Officer and was appointed Chairman
 of the Board of Directors. 

The
resignation of Mr. Ryo Shirai, as Chief Executive Officer, was not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter
relating to its operations, policies, or practices. 

On
December 28, 2021, Mr. Koichi Ishizuka was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

On
December 28, 2021 we filed an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State, resulting in an increase
to our authorized shares of Common Stock from 500,000,000 to 1,000,000,000. 

-
1 - 

Table of Contents 

On
or about December 29, 2021, we sold 270,929 shares of restricted Common Stock to Demic Co., Ltd.., a Japanese Company, at a price of
 2.00 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Demic Co., Ltd. was approximately 541,858. Demic Co., Ltd. is
not considered a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as working capital. 

On
or about December 29, 2021, we sold 882,257 shares of restricted Common Stock to Kiyoshi Kobayashi, a Japanese Citizen, at a price of
 2.00 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Kiyoshi Kobayashi was approximately 1,764,513. Kiyoshi Kobayashi
is not considered a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as working capital. 

On
or about February 4, 2022, we sold 208,855 shares of restricted Common Stock to Daisuke Kuroika, a Japanese Citizen, at a price of 2.10
per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Daisuke Kuroika was approximately 438,596. Daisuke Kuroika is not considered
a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as working capital. 

On
or about March 7, 2022, we sold 668,780 shares of restricted Common Stock to Yakuodo Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company, at a price of 1.30
per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Yakuodo Co., Ltd. was approximately 869,414. Yakuodo Co., Ltd. is not
considered a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as working capital. 

On
or about March 29, 2022, we sold 133,779 shares of restricted Common Stock to Hidemi Arasaki, a Japanese Citizen, at a price of 1.30
per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Hidemi Arasaki was approximately 173,913. Hidemi Arasaki is not a related
party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as working capital. 

On
or about April 5, 2022, we sold 91,000 shares of restricted Common Stock to Interwoos Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company, at a price of 0.90
per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Interwoos Co., Ltd. was approximately 81,900. Interwoos Co., Ltd. is
not a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as working capital. 

The
aforementioned sales of shares detailed above were conducted pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation
S"). The sales of shares were made only to non-U.S. persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant
to offshore transactions, and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective
affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

On
or about July 20, 2021 we had acquired 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock of Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company, from CRS Consulting,
LLC, a Wyoming Limited Liability Company CRS ). 

On
or about July 1, 2022, we sold the 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock of Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company DRFS ),
to White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japan Company WK ), at a price of approximately 147,624 USD (20,000,000 Japanese Yen) The
Share Purchase Agreement ). White Knight Co., Ltd. is owned and controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Koichi Ishizuka. White
Knight Co., Ltd. is deemed to be an accredited investor. The purchase of shares was made for investment purposes. The consummation of
the transaction contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement resulted in us no longer having an equity position in DRFS and with WK becoming
the largest controlling shareholder of DRFS. 

We
intend to use the proceeds from the aforementioned sale for working capital. 

The
Board of Directors of NXMH, WK, and DRFS unanimously approved the above transaction. 

The
aforementioned sale of shares was conducted pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). The
sale of shares was made only to non-U.S. persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to
offshore transactions, and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective
affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

On
July 12, 2022, Mr. Ryo Shirai resigned as the Company s Chairman of the Board of Directors and as a Director. Mr. Shirai's resignations
are a result of personal health issues. The resignations of Mr. Ryo Shirai were not the result of any disagreement with the Company on
any matter relating to its operations, policies, or practices. 

On
or about November 28, 2022, we sold 306,680 shares of restricted Common Stock to Motohiro Tomiyama, a Japanese Citizen, at a price of
 0.67 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Motohiro Tomiyama was approximately 205,470. Motohiro Tomiyama
is not a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from this sale are to be used by the Company for working capital. 

The
aforementioned sale of shares was conducted pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). The
sale of shares was made only to non-U.S. persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to
offshore transactions, and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective
affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

On
November 22, 2022, Ryo Shirai sold 8,229,451 shares of restricted Common Stock of the Issuer to White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company
owned and controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors
of the Company, at a price of 0.001 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by White Knight Co., Ltd. was approximately
 8,229. Ryo Shirai was formerly the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, until his resignations
on December 28, 2021. 

On
November 22, 2022, Ryo Shirai sold 79,521,051 shares of restricted Common Stock of the Issuer to Koichi Ishizuka, a Japanese Citizen,
at a price of 0.001 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Koichi Ishizuka was approximately 79,521. 

On
November 22, 2022, Ryo Shirai sold 25,112,780 shares of restricted Common Stock of the Issuer to Hiroki Tajiri, a Japanese Citizen, at
a price of 0.001 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by White Knight Co., Ltd. was approximately 25,113.
Hiroki Tajiri is a board member of Next Meats Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Next Meats Holdings, Inc. 

On
November 22, 2022, Hideyuki Sasaki sold 112,863,282 shares of restricted Common Stock of the Issuer to White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japanese
Company owned and controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, at a price of 0.001 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by
White Knight Co., Ltd. was approximately 112,863. Hideyuki Sasaki is currently the Chief Operating Officer, and a Director, of the Company. 

The
above sales of shares were conducted for investment purposes and were recorded by the Company s transfer agent on December 16,
2022. 

The
aforementioned sale of shares was conducted pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). The
sale of shares was made only to non-U.S. persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to
offshore transactions, and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective
affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

On
or about June 26, 2023, the company consummated an agreement for the sale of 311,102 shares of restricted Common Stock to Ultimate One
LLC, a Japanese Company, at a price of 0.37 per share of Common Stock. The transaction was completed, and recorded by the Company s
transfer agent, on June 30, 2023. The total subscription amount paid by Ultimate One LLC was approximately 115,108. Ultimate One LLC
is not a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from this sale are to be used by the Company for working capital. 

The
aforementioned sale of shares was conducted pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). The
sale of shares was made only to non-U.S. persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to
offshore transactions, and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective
affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

The
Company s Board of Directors is now only comprised of two members. 

Non-Reliance
On Previously Issued Financial Statements Or A Related Audit Report Or Completed Interim Review 

On
January 28, 2021, our majority shareholder at the time, Next Meats Co., Ltd., the Company along with our Board of Directors,
took action to ratify, affirm, and approve the issuance of 452,352,298 shares of the Company's restricted common stock to Next Meats
Co., Ltd. The shares were originally accounted for based on the fair market value closing price per share of common stock based on the
open market at the time. However, the Company has determined that the subject valuation analysis was not credible resulting
in the subject value conclusion to not be meaningful given the issuance should have been accounted for as a common control transaction.
As such, it is the Company s belief that the open market value of its common shares did not, at that time, reflect the true value
of the shares. 

The
share valuation has been adjusted and is, in the Company s belief, now corrected and accounted for as a common control transaction,
with our now wholly owned subsidiary, at a valuation of 0. The 452,352 increase in the resulting par value of common shares on
the Company's balance sheet has been offset by a corresponding decrease in additional paid in capital in the equity portion
of the Company's balance sheet. 

The
Company currently estimates that the adjustments will have the effect of decreasing the net loss by approximately 5.8 billion as a result
of a non-cash expense, and decreasing additional paid-in capital by the same amount, starting at the three months ended January 31, 2021.
The adjustments are expected to impact the Company s consolidated financial statements for subsequent reporting periods through
year-end April 30, 2023. The adjustments are not expected to impact on the Company s liquidity or capital resources or compliance
with any material agreements. 

Given
the above issuance has now been reclassified as a common control transaction, the Company intends to file amendments to the following
reports to rectify the historical error regarding the aforementioned valuation of shares: the Form 10-Q for the period ended January 31,
2021, the Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2021, the Form 10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2021, the Form 10-Q for the period
ended October 31, 2021, the Form 10-Q for the period ended January 31, 2022, the Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022, the Form
10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2022, the Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2022, and the Form 10-Q for the period ended January
31, 2023. 

This
Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023, includes the above share issuance adjusted and reclassified as described
above. 

Our
Subsidiaries 

Currently,
we have four subsidiaries. Each of our subsidiaries furthers our business agenda by acting as regional hubs through which we may operate
in various strategically chosen geographic locations. 

On
December 16, 2021, we acquired Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japan Company. 

 On
or about February 7, 2022, we incorporated Next Meats USA, Inc., a California Company. 

 On
or about February 8, 2022, we incorporated Next Meats HK Co. Limited, a Hong Kong Company. 

 On
or about March 2, 2022, we incorporated Next Meats (S) Pte. Ltd., a Singapore Company. 

-
 2 - 

Table of Contents 

Business Information 

We share the same business plan as that of our subsidiaries and we
also act as a holding company for our subsidiaries. Through Next Meats Co., Ltd., Next Meats USA, Inc., Next Meats HK Co. Limited, and
Next Meats (S) Pte. Ltd., we develop and sell alternative meat products, with ingredients derived from predominantly, plant based materials.
For the purposes of the foregoing business plan, all references to Next Meats , Next Meats Co., Ltd. , Next
Meats USA , Next Meats HK , Next Meats (S) Pte. Ltd. , or the Company , refer collectively
to Next Meats Holdings, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted. 

Our mission, or philosophy, is that We Won t Let Earth
End . Next Meats works to provide a solution to the climate crisis and food insecurity problems by distributing, what we believe
to be, delicious alternative-meat products rooted in Japanese cuisine, worldwide. Next Meats is a food-tech venture founded in Tokyo,
by people passionate about delivering a better future for our children. We strive to create tasty alternatives to your favorite dishes,
without the same environmental impact of using meat. We believe in a more ecologically sustainable future for every person. 

At present, our principal focus is on the creation of plant-based
food products to replace traditional animal products, while retaining the taste and texture of the original. 

At Next Meats, safety and quality are our top priorities. Many people
imagine chemical additives when they hear the word alternative meat , but it is our intent to only use the minimum, necessary
ingredients, and keep additives at a minimum or as a last option. We combine vegetable proteins such as soybeans and peas and mold them
with heat and pressure to create a unique texture and flavor. We produce our products only in certified food factories. To ensure that
our products are safe, we produce them in clean food factories certified by the Japan Food Safety Management Association (JFS), HALAL,
etc., for thorough quality control. We are also exporting more and more of our products overseas as time progresses, and we believe part
of the reason is that our products are highly valued for their quality and Made in Japan taste. 

Below, pictured on the right, is the active production of one of
several of our product offerings, NEXT Yakiniku, a meat alternative to skirt steak. Pictured on the left is our NEXT Yakiniku once cooked
and prepared for consumption. 

While we maintain rigorous safety and cleanliness standards for the
factories that produce Next Meats products, it should be noted that we do not, at this time, directly manufacture any of our products.
As a result of one of our collaborative agreements, the majority of our products are manufactured utilizing the facilities of Mama Foods
Co., Ltd., while in other instances we use, and may continue to utilize, facilities of third party strategic partners to manufacture
certain products (for example, the Next Patty is manufactured by one of these third parties). In the future, we may seek to manufacture
our products internally, but at this time we have no plans to do so. We intend to maintain ongoing relationships and agreements with
local manufacturers for as long as they remain certified by JFS, HALAL, etc. and meet our rigorous safety and cleanliness standards.
From time to time we send out staff members into the facilities that manufacturer our products for ongoing inspections and observation. 

- 3 - 

Table of Contents 

Currently Available Products 

The
following list of products is not comprehensive, but it is a showcase of some of our most popular items: 

1. 
 NEXT Burger 2.1- The NEXT Burger is a meat (plant-based) patty made by combining the proteins of
 peas and soybeans. In comparison to regular burgers, we believe the NEXT Burger to be very gentle on the body while retaining the
 taste of a traditional burger patty. 

2. 
 NEXT Gyudon- Gyudon, also known as a beef bowl, is a Japanese dish traditionally consisting of
 a bowl of rice topped with beef and onion simmered in a mildly sweet sauce flavored with dashi, soy sauce and mirin. The NEXT Gyudon
 is made from processed soybeans and natural seasonings, without using any animal ingredients and without adding chemical seasonings.
 The cholesterol in this product is almost zero and we believe it to be a far healthier option than a typical gyudon, while retaining
 all the flavor. 

3. 
 NEXT Yakiniku- The world's first plant-based Yakiniku barbecue meats have two types, the Short-rib,
 and the Skirt-steak. Both are: 

- Free of artificial additives 

 - High in protein 

 - No Cholesterol 

 - Uses Non-GMO soy 

 - Low in saturated fat 

The textures slightly vary but they both have a non-intrusive,
lightly sweet and savory flavor which makes it extremely versatile. The NEXT Yakinikus are excellent grilled and topped on rice 
or in a stir fry, or in tacos, and in an endless possibility of dishes. 

4. 
 NEXT Tuna- The NEXT Tuna is 100 botanical and low in fat cholesterol. It is available in a can
 and there is no need to drain oil or water. We believe it is ideal for hand-rolled sushi and pasta, as well as being placed on a
 salad or sandwiched with mayonnaise. In addition, since it can be stored at room temperature for a long period of time (2 years after
 manufacture date), it can be used as an emergency food, given its long shelf life. 

A list of the majority of our currently available products can be
viewed at: https://www.nextmeats.global/product 

The vegetable protein for the Next Yakiniku is formed in a twin-screw
extruder, then dried, boiled, fried, and seasoned. Finally, it is heat sterilized and frozen. The Next Burger and Next Gyudon also use processed soy that comes out the extruder but they are cooked differently afterwards. 

The main ingredient for our products is predominantly soybeans.
Different varieties of soybeans and production areas are used for different products to give them varying textures and colors.
The products are all sold frozen with the exception of the canned Next Gyudon, and they are all classified as processed soy
products . In some stores, depending on the results of the bacteria count test, the product can be sold in the chilled zone in
the fridge (5 ). 

Other than the main ingredient, soybeans, the other part of the product
is the seasoning, such as yakiniku sauce, beef bowl sauce, and herb seasoning. 

The below is included to provide a visual of some our current product
offerings detailed above. 

Trademarks 

We have obtained trademarks within Japan for the names of our existing
products. Any proposed or future products are also trademarked, or will likely be trademarked, within Japan or are pending receipt of
such trademark rights within Japan. In Taiwan we have also trademarked our NEXT Yakiniku product. Additionally, our name,
 Next Meats is trademarked in the United States, Japan, China, and Taiwan. 

Future Products 

Development of new products is ongoing, and in some instances may
not be to the point where we can publicly announce our plans. However, we can state that as of the date of this report we are in active
development of Next Beef and Next Rice, although we cannot state with any level of specificity when development of these future products
will conclude. We continually strive to create and sell new products, and we anticipate our product line will continue to expand and
diversify in fiscal year 2024 and the years to follow as our business expands and grows. 

Distribution 

At present, we distribute our products through several wholesale
companies, while also selling directly through our website. The USA version of our website can be viewed at the following link: https://www.nextmeatsusa.com/.
We have accounts with Kokubu and NIPPON ACCESS, two of the largest food wholesalers in Japan, and they distribute our products to restaurants
and supermarkets throughout the country. 

- 4 - 

Table of Contents 

 We have been, or will be, distributing our products in various countries
through the efforts of our subsidiaries. Namely, Next Meats USA, Inc., Next Meats HK Co. Limited, and Next Meats (S) Pte. Ltd. will continue
to spearhead distribution of our products in the United States, China, and Singapore respectively. These strategically incorporated subsidiaries
will also allow us to create regional hubs in these countries, through which, in the future, we may launch further expansion efforts
into surrounding countries. 

As a result of our wholesale and distribution channels mentioned
above, Next Meats products are widely distributed in supermarkets and restaurant chains as an alternative meat brand. Notably, several
of our food products can be found in Wayback Burgers Japanese Restaurant locations. These Wayback Burgers locations are owned
and controlled by WB Burgers Asia, Inc. Koichi Ishizuka is the sole officer, director, and controlling shareholder of WB Burgers Asia,
Inc. 

Below are some of the various supermarkets and restaurants (this
is not a full list) that our products can be found in. 

Pictured below is one of our scientists on staff developing and producing
one of our various alternative meats products using the TVP method described above. 

Marketing Strategy 

At present, our marketing plan is comprised of daily
posts and releases through various social networking platforms, SNS messaging, and we have also appeared at events throughout Japan,
distributed press releases, and attempted to have our company featured on various news media. Whenever we release a new product, we also
release an official press release and/or we hold a press conference in Japan. We have also created a television commercial, which can
be viewed on our website. The commercial was originally created in Japanese, and has only aired on television in Japan thus far, but
has also been translated into English and Chinese. It was, and is, our belief that creating and running a television commercial would
help to differentiate us from many other startups who do not reach out to the general public through this medium. We have also held various
tasting events to allow potential customers to sample our various products and spread awareness of our brand name. As our operations
progress, our marketing initiatives will remain ongoing and we will continually seek to identify and explore new methods of increasing
consumers awareness of our products. 

Collaborative Efforts 

On December 11, 2020, Next Meats Co., Ltd. entered into a Joint Development
Agreement with Euglena Co., Ltd. with the intent to jointly develop artificial meat products containing Euglena. To date, this has resulted
in the creation of Next Yakiniku Euglena EX which integrates the microalgae euglena into our Next Yakiniku product. We
are currently working on developing a burger patty alongside Euglena Co., Ltd. 

On December 28, 2020, Next Meats Co., Ltd. entered into a Memorandum of
Understanding with Toyota Tsusho Corporation to agree to consider this partnership with the aim of taking measures to make a new food
culture permeate society and contribute to the achievement of SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals), by making use of each companies 
strengths in forming an ecosystem that expands the Japanese and overseas plant meat market and reinforces its value chain. Thus far,
this has resulted in introductions to new retailers, assistance with our exporting plans to China (including introductions to factories
in China), as well as the development of the Menchikatsu cutlet product which was released recently. 

On May 5, 2021, Next Meats Co., Ltd. entered into a Joint Research Agreement
with Nagaoka University of Technology. The research pertains to regulatory mechanisms of iron-binding protein gene expression in leguminosae
plants. Leguminosae plants possess a gene that encodes iron-binding protein, but this gene is not expressed in the seeds, so plant-based
meat made using seeds from leguminosae plants, like soybean, lack iron-binding proteins when compared to animal meats. One solution to
this problem is the production of cultivars wherein iron-binding protein genes are expressed within the seeds; the elucidation and usage
of epigenetic control mechanisms will be effective in modifying gene expression. Therefore, we will conduct fundamental research on the
development of plant variant that can produce seeds that contain high levels of iron-binding protein through the usage of the plant epigenetics
technology at the Nagaoka University of Technology. 

On October 11, 2021, we, through our now wholly owned subsidiary Next
Meats Co., Ltd., entered into and consummated a Collaboration Agreement with Dr. Foods Co., Ltd., a Japan company and wholly
owned subsidiary of Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company, that shares common management with the Company, to co-develop new food products
and subsequently offer them for sale. Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. operates in the plant-based food industry. It currently offers,
and plans to continue to offer, amongst other things, artificial foie gras made from meat substitutes, and intends to offer, in the future,
a diverse range of microalgae-based foods. 

The Collaboration Agreement with Dr. Foods, Inc. is
for a period of two years, and may be renewed thereafter under the same terms for additional one-year terms unless terminated in writing,
with three months notice, by either party. The Collaboration Agreement, amongst other things, details the terms and conditions
by which Next Meats Co., Ltd. and Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. may co-develop, cooperate and contribute towards the development of new products
and technologies. The specific allotment of tasks per project will be determined in writing by each party at the outset of collaborative
efforts. Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. will primarily, although not exclusively, contribute to research and development, and Next Meats Co., Ltd.
will primarily, although not exclusively, contribute to distribution of new products/technologies. Costs pursuant to the collaborative
efforts of the partners, will be the respective responsibility of the party responsible for fulfilling such tasks. 

- 5 - 

Table of Contents 

On March 17, 2022, Next Meats Co., Ltd, a subsidiary
of Next Meats Holdings, Inc. has agreed to conclude a business alliance agreement with Yakuodo Co., a subsidiary of Yakuodo Holdings,
Inc. and as a part of this alliance, Yakuodo has agreed to purchase certain shares of Next Meats Holdings, Inc., to strengthen the relationship
between the two companies. Moving forward, the two companies will consider the following possibilities for collaboration with a particular
focus on utilization of data owned by Yakuodo, product development utilizing Yakuodo s employee assets, and improvement of logistics
efficiency. All such future plans have not been outlined with any further specificity at this time. 

At this time, the majority of Next Meats products
are manufactured at facilities owned by Mama Foods Co., Ltd. Mama Foods ), a Japan Company. Mama Foods is owned and controlled,
at this time, by White Knight Co., Ltd., which in turn is owned and controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Koichi Ishizuka. 

On April 10, 2023, Next Meats Co., Ltd. and Van Gelder,
a Netherlands Company, signed an exclusive distribution contract which enables them to start importing Next Meats products from Japan,
and selling in European markets starting from April 2023, with Bidfood and Van der Valk Hotel as the first customers. The primary product
of relevance to this agreement is the Next Short Rib 2.0" also called Next Kalbi . 

Future Plans 

We anticipate that continued development of new products will be an ongoing
process. Simultaneously, we are focused on expanding our sales distribution channels, and issuing pertinent press releases while conducting
media interviews. We are in the process of developing our subsidiaries which includes, in some cases, the preparation of specialized
domestic products (which we are not yet ready to announce). Increasing production, and local distribution via our subsidiaries, will
be a developing process going into the future, and we cannot forecast with any level of specificity, at this time, when such plans will
be realized. 

During fiscal year 2024, we intend to begin the process of listing on
the NASDAQ if our financial situation is conducive to such an effort. Further, we intend to increase our mass media exposure and
have tentative plans to begin placing OOH (Out of Home) advertisements in strategic locations throughout Japan. In fiscal year 2024
and beyond we tentatively intend to increase our overseas media and event exposure, with a particular focus on offering Next Kalbi
2.0 in the United States and the Netherlands. 

Government Regulations 

The below does not extensively detail every law and
regulation to which the Company may be subject to, but rather provides an overview of the kind of food safety standards to which our
product(s) will be held. 

The main law that governs food quality and integrity
in Japan is the Food Sanitation Act FSA and the law that comprehensively governs food labeling regulation is the Food Labeling
Act. 

The FSA regulates food quality and integrity by: 

- Establishing standards and specifications for food,
additives, apparatus, and food containers and packaging; 

 - Providing for inspection to see whether the established
standards are met; 

 - Providing for hygiene management in the manufacture
and sale of food; and 

 - Requiring food businesses to be licensed. 

Under the FSA, additives and foods containing additives
must not be sold, or be produced, imported, processed, used, stored, or displayed for marketing purposes unless the Minister of Health,
Labour and Welfare MHLW has declared them as having no risk to human health after seeking the views of the Pharmaceutical
Affairs and Food Sanitation Council PAFSC ). In addition, it is not permissible to add any processing aids, vitamins, minerals,
novel foods or nutritive substances to food unless they have been expressly declared by the MHLW as having no risk to human health. 

The MHLW may establish specifications for methods
of producing, processing, using, cooking, or preserving food or additives to be served to the public for marketing purposes Specifications ),
or may establish standards for food ingredients or additives to be served to the public for marketing purposes Standards pursuant to the FSA. Accordingly, where substances are allowed to be added to food, they may only be used within the limits expressly
set by the Specifications and Standards. 

Our Facilities 

At present, Next Meats Co., Ltd. rents a Tokyo office from an unrelated
third party at a price of 426,662 JPY per month. 

In May of 2023, we closed our Niigata research lab. 

As a result, we moved our research and development, which was previously
conducted at the Niigata research lab, to a new facility in Iwate, Japan. This location is not rented, owned, or leased by Next Meats
Holdings, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries. It should be noted that the research lab in Iwate is being provided rent free to the company
by Mama Foods Co., Ltd., which is owned and controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, our Chief Executive Officer, through White Knight Co., Ltd.,
which is also controlled by Mr. Ishizuka. 

We had previously developed plans to construct our own NEXT factory
dedicated to alternative protein/product development. It was to include sustainable technologies and DX Systems (HVAC air conditioning
unit). However, we have determined to put such plans on indefinite hiatus given management s belief that such an endeavor would
result in a large capital expenditure. Management believes it can fulfill its current and anticipated future levels of production with
current manufacturers. 

Employees 

At present, Next Meats Holdings, Inc. has two employees, solely comprised
of our officers and Directors. Next Meats Co., Ltd. has seven employees, five of which are full time employees and two are part time
employees. Non executive employees of Next Meats Co., Ltd. who are full time employees receive, in addition to their salaries, social
insurance in Japan. Social insurance is comprised of Pension, Health, Unemployment and Worker's Accident Compensation. The remainder
of our subsidiaries do not have employees, with the exception of their officers and directors, and such executive members do not receive
any benefits at this time. 

Competition 

The alternative meat industry is highly competitive, with a major
market share held by prominent companies, such as Beyond Meat, a Los Angeles-based producer of plant-based meat substitutes. In 2019,
Beyond Meat, which manufactures the plant-based Beyond Burger, went public at a valuation of almost 1.5B. Beyond Meat began offering
direct-to-consumer (D2C) sales in August 2020 and announced partnerships with Yum! Brands and McDonald s in 2021. 

In Japan, there are also several prominent alternative-meat companies
which we consider to be our direct competitors including, but not necessarily limited to, Marukome Co., Ltd., Maisen Fine Foods Co.,
and Kabaya Foods Corporation. Marukome Co., Ltd, one of Japan s oldest and top miso paste producers, launched their Daizu Labo
(Soybean Laboratories) brand, which features over 30 soy-based substitutes for animal products, eight advertised as meat 
(ready to eat, dried, and frozen). Maisen Fine Foods Co., gradually expanded its business from organic brown rice to rice-based and allergy-friendly
food products. In 2016, they launched a series of gluten-free soybean and rice-based meat products. Kabaya Foods Corporation, a confectionery
company founded in 1946, launched a soy-based jerky in 2018 with the slogan a new era of snack is coming. 

Despite these, and other, competitors, we believe that we have significant
competitive strengths which poise Next Meats to become a prominent market participant in the alternative food industry going forward. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We rent office space in Tokyo, Japan from an unrelated third
party. Our Tokyo offices are rented at a rate of 426,662 JPY per month (approximately 3,118). 

Previously, we conducted research and development out of a lab
in Nagaoka, Niigata Prefecture, Japan. We no longer rent this space or conduct operations at this facility. We now conduct research
and development at a location provided to us rent free by Mama Foods Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company. Our new location for research
and development is in Hanamaki City, Iwate Prefecture, Japan. 

Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is owned and controlled by White
Knight Co., Ltd. White Knight Co., Ltd. is controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Koichi Ishizuka. 

Our subsidiaries may also rent office space on a need be basis
to hold inventory, and perform daily operative tasks. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

In May, 2023, a shareholder of Next Meats Holdings,
Inc. the Company brought an action against Koichi Ishizuka and White Knight Co., Ltd., in the Southern District of New
York for recovery of alleged short swing profits earned under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Koichi Ishizuka and
White Knight Co., Ltd. are vigorously defending this matter. Although recovery was sought only from Koichi Ishizuka and White Knight
Co., Ltd., the Company was also named as a nominal defendant. The plaintiff seeks no relief against the Company. Next Meats Holdings,
Inc. has no direct exposure in connection with the lawsuit and this action should not be considered material to the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

 - 6 - 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock was quoted on the over-the-counter
market (the OTC Markets in the Pink Open Market (the Pink Market under the symbol
 NXMH . Following the filing of this Annual Report we believe we will be current with our SEC Reporting obligations.
Prior to the filing of this report, due to our delinquent SEC Reporting status, we were demoted by the OTC Markets to the "Expert
Market" tier. 

Quotations in Expert Market securities are restricted
from public viewing. 

We anticipate that we will resume trading on the Pink
Open Market now that we are current in our SEC reporting obligations once again, given the filing of this Annual Report. 

There is currently a limited trading market in the Company s
shares of common stock. 

Set forth in the below table
are the range of high and low bid closing bid prices for the periods indicated as reported by the OTC Markets Group Inc. The market quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
The below values are approximate. 

Quarter
 Ended 
 High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 April
 30, 2023 
 0.85 
 0.07 
 
 January
 31, 2023 
 0.99 
 0.21 
 
 October
 31, 2022 
 1.30 
 0.75 
 
 July
 31, 2022 
 1.25 
 0.31 
 
 April
 30, 2022 
 1.85 
 0.76 
 
 January
 31, 2022 
 3.57 
 0.87 
 
 October
 31, 2021 
 6.00 
 2.00 
 
 July
 31, 2021 
 8.47 
 2.30 

Holders 

As
of September 28, 2023, the Company has 502,873,382 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding and no shares of
preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

As
of September 28, 2023, we have approximately 87 shareholders of record of our common stock. This is inclusive of Cede and Co.,
which is deemed to be one shareholder of record . For further clarification, Cede Co. is currently defined by the NASDAQ ,
as a Nominee name for The Depository Trust Company, a large clearing house that holds shares in its name for banks, brokers and
institutions in order to expedite the sale and transfer of stock. 

Dividends and Share Repurchases 

We have not paid any dividends to our shareholders.
There are no restrictions which would limit our ability to pay dividends on common equity or that are likely to do so in the future. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Not applicable. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Uses of
Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On January 28, 2021, Next Meats Co., Ltd., along with our Board of Directors,
took action to ratify, affirm, and approve the issuance of 452,352,298 shares of restricted common stock to Next Meats Co., Ltd. The shares
were issued for services rendered to the Company. 

On or about December 29, 2021, we sold 270,929 shares of restricted Common
Stock to Demic Co., Ltd.., a Japanese Company, at a price of 2.00 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Demic
Co., Ltd. was approximately 541,858. Demic Co., Ltd. is not considered a related party to the Company. 

The proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as
working capital. 

On or about December 29, 2021, we sold 882,257 shares of restricted Common
Stock to Kiyoshi Kobayashi, a Japanese Citizen, at a price of 2.00 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Kiyoshi
Kobayashi was approximately 1,764,513. Kiyoshi Kobayashi is not considered a related party to the Company. 

The proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as
working capital. 

On or about February 4, 2022, we sold 208,855 shares of restricted Common
Stock to Daisuke Kuroika, a Japanese Citizen, at a price of 2.10 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Daisuke
Kuroika was approximately 438,596. Daisuke Kuroika is not considered a related party to the Company. 

The proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as
working capital. 

On or about March 7, 2022, we sold 668,780 shares of restricted Common
Stock to Yakuodo Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company, at a price of 1.30 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Yakuodo
Co., Ltd. was approximately 869,414. Yakuodo Co., Ltd. is not considered a related party to the Company. 

The proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as
working capital. 

On or about March 29, 2022, we sold 133,779 shares of restricted Common
Stock to Hidemi Arasaki, a Japanese Citizen, at a price of 1.30 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Hidemi
Arasaki was approximately 173,913. Hidemi Arasaki is not a related party to the Company. 

The proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as
working capital. 

On or about April 5, 2022, we sold 91,000 shares of restricted Common
Stock to Interwoos Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company, at a price of 0.90 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by
Interwoos Co., Ltd. was approximately 81,900. Interwoos Co., Ltd. is not a related party to the Company. 

The proceeds from the sale of shares went to the Company to be used as
working capital. 

On
or about July 20, 2021 we had acquired 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock of Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company, from CRS Consulting,
LLC, a Wyoming Limited Liability Company CRS ). 

On
or about July 1, 2022, we sold the 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock of Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company DRFS ),
to White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japan Company WK ), at a price of approximately 147,624 USD (20,000,000 Japanese Yen) The
Share Purchase Agreement ). White Knight Co., Ltd. is owned and controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Koichi Ishizuka. White
Knight Co., Ltd. is deemed to be an accredited investor. The purchase of shares was made for investment purposes. The consummation of
the transaction contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement resulted in us no longer having an equity position in DRFS and with WK becoming
the largest controlling shareholder of DRFS. 

We
intend to use the proceeds from the aforementioned sale for working capital. 

The
Board of Directors of NXMH, WK, and DRFS unanimously approved the above transaction. 

On
or about November 28, 2022, we sold 306,680 shares of restricted Common Stock to Motohiro Tomiyama, a Japanese Citizen, at a price of
 0.67 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Motohiro Tomiyama was approximately 205,470. Motohiro Tomiyama
is not a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from this sale are to be used by the Company for working capital. 

On
or about June 26, 2023, the company consummated an agreement for the sale of 311,102 shares of restricted Common Stock to Ultimate One
LLC, a Japanese Company, at a price of 0.37 per share of Common Stock. The transaction was completed, and recorded by the Company s
transfer agent, on June 30, 2023. The total subscription amount paid by Ultimate One LLC was approximately 115,108. Ultimate One LLC
is not a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from this sale are to be used by the Company for working capital. 

The aforementioned sales of shares detailed above were conducted
pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Regulation S ). The sales of shares were made only to
non-U.S. persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to offshore transactions, and no directed
selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates, or any person acting
on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

- 7 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Selected Financial
Data. 

Not applicable because the Company is a smaller reporting
company. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements, other than purely historical information,
including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions
upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements generally are identified
by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, estimates, 
 intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, will
be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations
and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which
could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to:
changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted
accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance
should not be placed on such statements. 

Business 

We share the same business plan as that of our subsidiaries
and we also act as a holding company for our subsidiaries. Through Next Meats Co., Ltd., Next Meats USA, Inc., Next Meats HK Co. Limited,
and Next Meats (S) Pte. Ltd., we develop and sell alternative meat products, with ingredients derived from predominantly, plant based
materials. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, we had cash and cash
equivalents in the amount of 292,454 and 620,297, respectively. The Company believes that the variance between periods is the result
of decreased revenue during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, which resulted in decreased gross profit, and therefore a decreased
amount of cash and cash equivalents. 

Currently, our cash balance is not sufficient to
fund our operations and our revenues cannot cover our cost and expenses for any extended period of time. We have primarily relied
upon fundraising activities from the sale of our common stock in order to fund our business activities, and we intend to continue to
relay upon sales of stock to fund operations in the future. 

We also intend to use future revenues to fund our
operating activities. However, if our revenue does not increase as we expect, then we may be forced to conduct future fundraising activities,
which may include, but are not limited to, the sale of our common stock, or capital contribution from our officers and directors. 

If we need additional cash and cannot raise it, we
will have to adjust our operating strategy accordingly. 

As of April 30, 2023, and 2022, we had total assets
of 1,224,683 and 5,728,600, respectively. We attribute the decrease in total assets primarily to a decrease in accounts receivable,
a decrease in advance payments and prepaid expenses, a decrease in land and improvements, and a decrease in inventory. Overall, our activities
and gross profit have decreased during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, compared to the year prior. 

As of April 30, 2023, and 2022, we had total liabilities
of 1,178,219 and 853,814, respectively. We attribute the increase in total liabilities, to larger loans and advance receipts during
the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, when compared to the year prior. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents 

Revenues 

For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022,
we generated revenue in the amount of 1,398,133 and 6,950,236, respectively. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, our
cost of revenues were 1,326,938 and 5,707,788, respectively. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, our gross profit was
 71,195 and 1,242,448, respectively. The decrease in gross profit came about as a result of decreased operations and profitability during
the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

We believe the products we offer, and continue to offer, to be a premium alternative to traditional food options, which
typically coincides with increased costs. Given the condition of the global economy, we believe there is likely less demand for premium
alternatives to traditional food products, such as those we currently offer. As described in more detail under "Going Concern", we also no longer offer various products which bolstered our balance sheet for the year
prior. 

In order to remediate our decreased revenue, profitability,
and activity for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we seek to reach a broader global audience for our products, which we believe
may result in increased customers and therefore revenue. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in this endeavor. We also seek
to continue to develop new products, in an effort to appeal to a wider array of customers. 

Net Loss 

We recorded a net income/loss of (4,873,010) and
 (5,795,980) for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decreased net loss for the year ended April 30, 2023, was
the result of a decrease in total operating expenses compared to the year prior. 

Cash flows 

For the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, we had
cash flows from operating activities in the amount of (1,659,270) and (8,452,904), respectively. The variance in cash flows is primarily
attributable to decreased operations for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

For the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, we had
cash flows from investing activities in the amount of 1,212,042 and (1,092,511), respectively. The variance in cash flows is attributable
to the disposal of land and improvements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

For the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, we had
net cash provided by financing activities in the amount of 447,202 and 4,084,478, respectively. The variance in cash flows is attributable
to a much larger number of shares sold during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, as compared to the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

Going Concern 

The
Company demonstrates adverse conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for one
year following the issuance of these financial statements. These adverse conditions are negative financial trends, specifically operating
loss, working capital deficiency, and other adverse key financial ratios. 

The
Company has not recorded enough revenue to cover its operating costs and gross revenue for the year ended April 30, 2023 decreased by
 5,551,102 or 79.87 as compared to the year ended April 30, 2023. Management attributes this drop in revenue to global economic challenges,
a restructuring of the Company s large-scale sales department, changes in product offerings, and discontinued operations in two
subsidiaries. 

We
believe the products we offer, and continue to offer, to be a premium alternative to traditional food options, which typically
coincides with increased costs. Given the condition of the global economy, we believe there is likely less demand for premium alternatives
to traditional food products, such as those we currently offer. Over the course of the last year, we believe we have been affected by
decreased demand for our products, our decision to no longer wholesale rice, and the decreased price at which we have offered our products,
resulting in less revenue for the year ended April 30, 2023. 

Previously,
we also had a wider selection of food options and other facets of our business which we believe drove revenues. Specifically, from time
to time we would engage in the wholesale sale of rice, however we no longer engage in the wholesale sale of rice because our previous
sole supplier is no longer in business. We believe that due to the current downtrend in the global economy, such efforts should not recommence,
if at all, until the global economy recovers to pre-pandemic levels. 

At
this time, we also no longer offer Next Milk which we believed would gain popularity in the near term. Various components
of the products we offered, or seek to continue to offer, are either not available, or available at price points that are not as attractive.
As a result, at this time, it is difficult for us to produce cost effective products that we believe would rival the cost of generic food
products, and thus bolster our revenues. We believe many consumers are purchasing more cost-effective options. Because of this, we are
exploring means to lessen the cost of our product lineup while maintaining what we believe to be the same quality products, but we cannot
forecast with any level of certainty if such efforts will be successful. Many of these endeavors rely on our ability to source ingredients
at a lower cost, which, at this time, is a challenge. 

In
December of 2022, we dissolved NextMeats France, a French Entity. We do not believe there to be a great enough demand for our products
in France and surrounding areas, although we do still intend to offer our products in areas of Europe in the future . We
have also paused efforts to pursue selling products in Hong Kong under our wholly owned subsidiary, Next Meats HK Co. Limited Next
Meats HK ), a Hong Kong Company. We do not believe the current market would be conducive to our business objectives in this area
at this point in time. However, we will reassess this decision in the future, although we cannot specifically identity when that may be.
Next Meats HK Co. Limited remains a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

We
expect our other wholly owned subsidiaries, Next Meats USA and Next Meats Japan Co. Ltd, to improve their operating income in the next
fiscal year. However, management plans to fund some operating expenses with related party contributions to capital until there is sufficient
revenue to cover all operating expenses. There is no assurance that management's plan will be successful. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that might be necessary in the event that the Company cannot continue as a going concern. 

Non-Reliance
On Previously Issued Financial Statements Or A Related Audit Report Or Completed Interim Review 

On
January 28, 2021, our majority shareholder at the time, Next Meats Co., Ltd., the Company along with our Board of Directors,
took action to ratify, affirm, and approve the issuance of 452,352,298 shares of the Company's restricted common stock to Next Meats
Co., Ltd. The shares were originally accounted for based on the fair market value closing price per share of common stock based on the
open market at the time. However, the Company has determined that the subject valuation analysis was not credible resulting
in the subject value conclusion to not be meaningful given the issuance should have been accounted for as a common control transaction.
As such, it is the Company s belief that the open market value of its common shares did not, at that time, reflect the true value
of the shares. 

The
share valuation has been adjusted and is, in the Company s belief, now corrected and accounted for as a common control transaction,
with our now wholly owned subsidiary, at a valuation of 0. The 452,352 increase in the resulting par value of common shares on
the Company's balance sheet has been offset by a corresponding decrease in additional paid in capital in the equity portion
of the Company's balance sheet. 

The
Company currently estimates that the adjustments will have the effect of decreasing the net loss by approximately 5.8 billion as a result
of a non-cash expense, and decreasing additional paid-in capital by the same amount, starting at the three months ended January 31, 2021.
The adjustments are expected to impact the Company s consolidated financial statements for subsequent reporting periods through
year-end April 30, 2023. The adjustments are not expected to impact on the Company s liquidity or capital resources or compliance
with any material agreements. 

Given
the above issuance has now been reclassified as a common control transaction, the Company intends to file amendments to the following
reports to rectify the historical error regarding the aforementioned valuation of shares: the Form 10-Q for the period ended January 31,
2021, the Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2021, the Form 10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2021, the Form 10-Q for the period
ended October 31, 2021, the Form 10-Q for the period ended January 31, 2022, the Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022, the Form
10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2022, the Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2022, and the Form 10-Q for the period ended January
31, 2023. 

This
Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023, includes the above share issuance adjusted and reclassified as described above. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company , we are
not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Pages 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB FIRM ID 5041) 
 
 F2 

Condensed
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F3 

Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F4 

Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 F5 

Condensed Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F7-F10 

- F1 - 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Next Meats Holdings, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Next Meats Holdings, Inc. as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30,
2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020 

September 28, 2023 

- F2 - 

Table of Contents 

NEXT MEATS HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 (AUDITED) 

April 30, 
 2023 

April 30, 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts
 receivable - related party 

- 
 
 Accounts receivable - related party from discontinued operations 

- 
 
 Advance payments and prepaid expenses 

Inventories 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Non-current assets 

Equipment, net depreciation 

Construction in progress 
 
 - 

Land and improvements 
 
 - 

Long term prepaid expenses 
 
 - 

Deferred assets 
 
 - 

Security deposits 

Stock 
 
 - 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Due to related party 

- 
 
 Advance receipts 

- 
 
 Short term loans 

- 
 
 Short term loans - related party 

- 
 
 Income tax payable 
 
 - 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Noncurrent Liabilities 

Loans 

Loans - related party 

- 
 
 Other long term liabilities 

- 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Shareholders' Equity 

Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income(loss) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income(loss) from discontinued operations 

- 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

- F3 - 

Table of Contents 

NEXT MEATS HOLDINGS,
INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 (AUDITED) 

Year 
 Ended 
 April 30, 
 2023 

Year 
 Ended 
 April 30, 
 2022 

REVENUES 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 

OPERATING EXPENSE 

Depreciation 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 
 
 ) 

) 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Other expense 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Provision for bad debt 
 
 ) 

- 
 
 Loss on sale and disposal of fixed assets 
 
 ) 

- 
 
 Stock loss 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Other income 

Total other income (expense) 
 
 ) 

) 

Net income (loss) before tax 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Income tax expense 

NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 
 ) 

) 

Gain from discontinued operations 

- 

NET LOSS 
 
 ) 

) 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 ) 

) 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 ) 

) 

Income per common share 

Basic and Diluted 
 
 ) 

) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

-
F4 - 

Table
of Contents 

NEXT
MEATS HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONDENSED
C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE PERIOD APRIL 30, 2021 TO April 30, 2023 

 (AUDITED) 

Common
 Shares 
 
 Par
 Value Common Shares 

Noncontrolling
 Interest 
 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated
 Other Income (Loss) 
 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 
 Total 

Balances,
 April 30, 2021 

) 

) 

Noncontrolling
 interest 
 
 - 
 
 - 

) 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Common
 shares sold 
 
 2,255,600 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Previously
 contributed expenses paid by company 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Net
 loss 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Balances,
 April 30, 2022 

- 

) 

) 

Common
 shares sold 
 
 306,680 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Contributed
 capital 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Balances,
 April 30, 2023 

- 

) 

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

-
F5 - 

Table
of Contents 

NEXT
MEATS HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 (AUDITED) 

Year 
 Ended 
 April 30, 
 2023 

Year 
 Ended 
 April 30, 
 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss from continuing operations 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on the sale of fixed asset 

- 
 
 Provision
 for bad debt - Advance payments 

- 
 
 Loss on the sale of stock 

- 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

) 
 
 Accounts receivable related party 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 Short term loans to the company 

- 
 
 Short term loans to the company related party 

- 
 
 Advance receipts 

- 
 
 Accrued expenses and other payables 
 
 ) 

Advance payments and prepaid expenses 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Accounts payable - related party 

) 
 
 Security deposits 

) 
 
 Deferred assets 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Income tax payable 
 
 ) 

Inventories 

) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash paid for equipment, net cash received for sale or disposal 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Disposal of construction in progress 

) 
 
 Disposal of land and improvements 

) 
 
 Cash received for stock 

- 
 
 Cash paid for stock 
 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Expenses contributed to capital 

) 
 
 Common shares sold 

Loans and other long term liabilities 

Loans - related party 

- 
 
 Stock issuance 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

- 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

- F6 - 

Table of Contents 

NEXT
MEATS HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- F8 - 

Table of Contents 

or 79.87 as compared to the year ended April 30, 2023. Management attributes this drop in revenue to global economic challenges, a restructuring
of the Company s large-scale sales department, changes in product offerings, and discontinued operations in two subsidiaries. 

We believe the products we offer, and continue
to offer, to be a premium alternative to traditional food options, which typically coincides with increased costs. Given
the condition of the global economy, we believe there is likely less demand for premium alternatives to traditional food products, such
as those we currently offer. Over the course of the last year, we believe we have been affected by decreased demand for our products,
our decision to no longer wholesale rice, and the decreased price at which we have offered our products, resulting in less revenue for
the year ended April 30, 2023. 

Previously, we also had a wider selection of food
options and other facets of our business which we believe drove revenues. Specifically, from time to time we would engage in the wholesale
sale of rice, however we no longer engage in the wholesale sale of rice because our previous sole supplier is no longer in business. We
believe that due to the current downtrend in the global economy, such efforts should not recommence, if at all, until the global economy
recovers to pre-pandemic levels. 

At this time, we also no longer offer Next
Milk which we believed would gain popularity in the near term. Various components of the products we offered, or seek to continue
to offer, are either not available, or available at price points that are not as attractive. As a result, at this time, it is difficult
for us to produce cost effective products that we believe would rival the cost of generic food products, and thus bolster our revenues.
We believe many consumers are purchasing more cost-effective options. Because of this, we are exploring means to lessen the cost of our
product lineup while maintaining what we believe to be the same quality products, but we cannot forecast with any level of certainty if
such efforts will be successful. Many of these endeavors rely on our ability to source ingredients at a lower cost, which, at this time,
is a challenge. 

In
December of 2022, we dissolved NextMeats France, a French Entity. We do not believe there to be a great enough demand for our products
in France and surrounding areas, although we do still intend to offer our products in areas of Europe in the future .
 We have also paused efforts to pursue selling products in Hong Kong under our
wholly owned subsidiary, Next Meats HK Co. Limited Next Meats HK ), a Hong Kong Company. We do not believe the current market
would be conducive to our business objectives in this area at this point in time. However, we will reassess this decision in the future,
although we cannot specifically identity when that may be. Next Meats HK Co. Limited remains a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

We expect
our other wholly owned subsidiaries, Next Meats USA and Next Meats Japan Co. Ltd, to improve their operating income in the next fiscal
year. However, management plans to fund some operating expenses with related party contributions to capital until there is sufficient
revenue to cover all operating expenses. There is no assurance that management's plan will be successful. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that might be necessary in the event that the Company cannot continue as a going concern. 

and , respectively. 

. 

During the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company
purchased long-term assets, including structures, and various tools, furniture and fixtures, totaling . The Company is depreciating
these assets over a 3 to 18 years period once they were put into use. Depreciation expense for the year ended April 30, 2022 was approximately
 . 

During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company,
through its subsidiary in Japan, disposed of fixed assets, including land and construction in progress due to cancellation of own factory
construction plan. The Company recorded a loss on the sale and disposal of these assets which totaled approximately . 

During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company,
through its subsidiary in France, disposed of fixed assets, including Machinery and equipment due to liquidation of subsidiary. The Company
recorded a profit from the liquidation of the assets as of other income. 

which resulted in a net operating loss for income tax purposes. The loss results in a deferred
tax asset of approximately at the effective statutory rate of 21 . The deferred tax asset has been offset by an equal
valuation allowance. Given our inception on April 15, 2020, and our fiscal year end of April 30, 2023, we have completed four taxable
fiscal years. 

Potential
benefits of income tax losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company has incurred a net operating
loss carryforward of which
begins expiring in 2040. The Company has adopted ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes , as of its inception. Pursuant to
ASC 740 the Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for non-capital losses carried forward. The potential benefit of the net
operating loss has not been recognized in these financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more likely than not
it will utilize the loss carried forward in future years. 

Due
to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting
purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as to
use in future years. 

and as of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, respectively, and consisted primarily of accrued professional fees, trade
and non-trade accounts payable to NMCO and accounts payable to Next Meats USA and accounts payable to NMCO, respectively. 

on behalf of WB Burgers
Japan Co., Ltd which is controlled by our CEO Koichi Ishizuka. 

During the
year ended April 30, 2023, our subsidiary, Next Meats Hong Kong Co., Ltd, paid expenses, totaling approximately , on behalf of a shareholder
of the Company. 

Short
term loans 

During the
year ended April 30, 2023, our subsidiary, Next Meats Japan Co., Ltd, was loaned approximately from officers of the company. These
loans are unsecured, noninterest-bearing, and payable upon demand. 

Additional
Paid-In Capital 

During the
period ended April 30, 2023, our subsidiary, Next Meats Hong Kong Co., Ltd, was loaned approximately from the director of the company.
This loan was forgiven and was recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

Office
Space 

From time
to time, we may utilize the office space and equipment of our management at no cost. 

- F10 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company has adopted and maintains disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is collected, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules of the SEC. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required
under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer,
have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, both of which are Koichi Ishizuka, concluded that
the disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective. 

Our Chief Executive
Officer, Koichi Ishizuka, has reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by the report April 30, 2023 and has concluded that (i) the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Commission, and (ii) the Company s controls
and procedures have not been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its principal executive and
principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management
and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Management conducted
an assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on the
assessment, management concluded that, as of April 30, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is ineffective
based on those criteria. 

The Company s management, including its
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Koichi Ishizuka, do not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures and its internal control processes will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
 Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of
controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of error or fraud, if any, within the Company have
been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that the
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of
some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of
controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may
not be detected. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore,
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures
that our Chief Executive Officer considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of Treadway Commission were: inadequate compensating controls, lack of a majority of outside directors on board of directors, resulting
in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, and lack of an audit committee. 

The Company believes that the material weaknesses
are due to the Company s limited resources and limited operating history. 

Our Chief Executive Officer believes that the material
weaknesses did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee
and inadequate segregation of duties results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

Our Chief Executive Officer recognizes that its controls
and procedures would be substantially improved if we had an audit committee and as such is actively seeking to remediate this issue. 

Changes in Internal Control 

There have been no changes in internal controls over the financial reporting
that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal controls over financial reporting. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s
registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject
to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company
to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

- 10 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Mr. Hideyuki Sasaki, Age 42 - Chief Operating Officer, Director 

Background of Mr. Hideyuki Sasaki 

Mr. Hideyuki Sasaki, age 42, was employed as an Executive
Vice President at Whitehole Limited from 2008 to 2019. From 2020, to the present date, he has served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer
of Next Meats Co., Ltd. 

The Board of Directors has determined to elect Mr.
Sasaki to the position of Chief Operating Officer due to his work acumen and industry experience. 

 Mr. Koichi Ishizuka, Age 52 - Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Background of Mr. Koichi Ishizuka 

Mr. Koichi Ishizuka attended the University of Aoyama
Gakuin where he received his MBA in 2004. Several years later in 2011 he graduated from the Advanced Management Program at Harvard School
of Business. Following Mr. Ishizuka s formal education, he took a position as the head of marketing with Thomson Reuters, a mass
media and information firm. Thereafter, he served as the CEO of Xinhua Finance Japan in 2006, Fate Corporation in 2008, and LCA Holdings.,
Ltd in 2009. Currently, Mr. Ishizuka serves as the Chief Executive Officer of OFF Line Co., Ltd., Photozou Co., Ltd., Photozou Holdings,
Inc., Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd., Off Line International, Inc. and OFF Line Japan Co., Ltd. He has held the position of CEO with OFF
Line Co., Ltd. since 2013, Photozou Co., Ltd since 2016, Photozou Holdings, Inc since 2017, Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd. since 2017, Zentrum
Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Off Line International, Inc.) since 2019 and OFF Line Japan Co., Ltd. since 2018. On November 18, 2020
he was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Director, and on December 28, 2021 he was appointed Chief Executive Officer, of Next
Meats Holdings, Inc.; he holds these positions to this date. Koichi Ishizuka also has an equity interest in Next Meats Holdings, Inc.
Koichi Ishizuka is also Chief Financial Officer of Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japanese alternative meat company. Since its inception on
April 14, 2021, Koichi Ishizuka has served as CEO of WB Burgers Japan Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company. On May 7, 2021, Mr. Koichi Ishiukza
was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director of Business Solutions
Plus, Inc., which is now known as WB Burgers Asia, Inc. On July 23, 2021, Mr. Ishizuka was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, President, Treasurer and Director of Dr. Foods, Inc. (formerly known as Catapult Solutions, Inc.). On March 21, 2022,
Mr. Ishizuka was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director of
Perfect Solutions Group, Inc. 

The Board of Directors has determined to elect Mr.
Ishizuka to the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer due to his expansive business and industry experience. 

As of the date of this filing, there has not been
any material plan, contract or arrangement (whether or not written) to which our officers or directors are a party in connection with
their positions at Next Meats Holdings, Inc. 

Employees 

Details as to our employees are contained herein
on page 6 under the subsection titled, Employees . 

Director s Term of Office 

Directors will hold office until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and the election and qualification of their successors. Officers are elected annually by our board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. Presently, we have two directors, Hideyuki Sasaki and Koichi Ishizuka. 

Corporate Governance 

The Company promotes accountability for adherence
to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents
that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in other public communications made by
the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted
a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and Directors as the Company is not
required to do so. 

In lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s
Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the
scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the Company s
independent public accountants. Our officers and directors review the Company's internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Committees of the Board 

Our Company currently does not have nominating, compensation,
or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit
committee charter. Our Directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because the Directors can adequately
perform the functions of such committees. 

- 11 - 

Table of Contents 

 Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Our Board of Directors have determined that we do
not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of
Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B)
of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules. 

We believe that our Directors are capable of
analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. The
Directors of our Company do not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because management believes that the Board
of Directors can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent
Director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is
not warranted in our circumstances given the stage of our development. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our officers and directors have not been involved
in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 
 
 2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 
 3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 
 
 4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 
 
 5. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 
 6. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 
 
 7. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of:(i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or(ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or(iii) Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
 
 8. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Independence of Directors 

We are not required to have independent members of
our Board of Directors, and do not anticipate having independent Directors until such time as we are required to do so. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a formal Code of Ethics. The Board
of Directors evaluated the business of the Company, and the number of employees and determined that since the business is operated by a
small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal, business conduct and securities laws are adequate
ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand in the future, we may take actions to adopt a formal
Code of Ethics. 

Shareholder Proposals 

Our Company does not have any defined policy or procedural
requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The Board of Directors believes that, given the
stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop
to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the Board
of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all
candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our
Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our Chief Executive Officer, at the address appearing on the
first page of this Registration Statement. 

- 12 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The below table includes compensation paid to any of the current or former
officers/ directors of Next Meats Holdings, Inc. 

Name and principal position (a) 
 As of April 30, (b) 
 Salary ) 1 (c) 
 Bonus ) (d) 
 Stock Awards ) (e) 
 Option Awards ) (f) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) (g) 
 Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ) (h) 
 All other compensation ) (i) 
 Total ) (j) 

Ryo Shirai, Former Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 2 
 2022 
 87,431 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Hideyuki Sasaki, Chief Operating
 Officer and Director 
 2022 
 88,561 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2023 
 32,847 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Koichi Ishizuka, Chief Executive
 Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 2022 
 86,855 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2023 
 32,847 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

1
 The monetary compensation paid to the above parties was, in each instance, in the form of JPY. The table includes the approximate
conversion rate to USD as of the date of this report. 

2 On December 28, 2021, Ryo Shirai resigned
as our Chief Executive Officer and was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors. On July 12, 2022, Mr. Ryo Shirai resigned as the
Company s Chairman of the Board of Directors and as a Director. 

Summary of Compensation 

Stock Option Grants 

We have not granted any stock options to our executive
officers since our incorporation. 

Employment Agreements 

We, Next Meats Holdings, Inc., do not have employment
or consulting agreements with any officer or director. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Director Compensation 

Our Board of Directors do not currently receive any
consideration for their services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reserves the right in the future to award
the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock based consideration for their services to the Company, which awards, if granted shall
be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive Compensation Philosophy 

Our Board of Directors determines the compensation
given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves the right to pay our executive or any future
executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive
bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s performance. This package may also
include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives with our
long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors have not granted any performance base stock options to date,
the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes such grants
would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive Bonus 

The Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses
to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are
in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we
are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. 

Long-term, Stock Based Compensation 

In order to attract, retain and motivate executive
talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award our executive and any future executives with
long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, which we do not currently have any
immediate plans to award. 

- 13 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

As of the date of this report, the Company has 502,873,382 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. which number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock have been used throughout this report. 

The Company s mailing address is: 3F 1-16-13 Ebisu Minami Shibuya-ku,Tokyo
Japan. 

Note: If no address is present in the below table it should be assumed
that the address is the same as that for the Company. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Shares
 of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 

Common
 Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 
 Executive Officers and
 Directors 

Koichi Ishizuka 1 

100,451,120 

19.98 
 
 Hideyuki Sasaki 3 

50,225,560 

9.99 
 
 Current Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (2 Persons) 

150,676,680 

29.97 

5 or greater shareholders 

White Knight Co., Ltd.
 1 

212,508,202 

42.26 
 
 Ryo Shirai 2 

50,225,560 

9.99 
 
 Total Voting Percentage (5 or greater shareholders and Officers/ Directors as a group) 

413,410,442 

82.21 

1 
Koichi Ishizuka serves as our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and as a member of the Board of Directors. Mr.
Koichi Ishizuka has sole dispositive and voting authority over White Knight Co., Ltd. In his personal name, Koichi Ishizuka owns and
controls 100,451,120 shares of common stock. White Knight Co., Ltd. owns and controls 212,508,202 shares of common stock. 

2 Ryo Shirai is our former Chairman of
the Board of Directors and Director. He also previously served as our Chief Executive Officer prior to the appointment of Koichi Ishizuka as
our current Chief Executive Officer. 

3 Hideyuki Sasaki serves as our Chief
Operating Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors. 

Beneficial ownership
has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially
owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition,
shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares (for example, upon exercise of an
option or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of
any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person by r eason of such
acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the following table does not necessarily
reflect the person s actual voting power at any particular date. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

General 

 On January 28, 2021, Next Meats Co., Ltd., along with our Board of Directors, took action to ratify, affirm, and approve the issuance
of 452,352,298 shares of restricted common stock to Next Meats Co., Ltd. The shares were issued for services rendered to the Company.
Next Meats Co., Ltd. is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Prior to the below transaction, Next Meats Co., Ltd. was our controlling
shareholder. 

 On
June 9, 2021 the Company entered into a Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement (referred to herein as the Agreement with Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japan Company. Pursuant to the Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement, effective on December 16,
2021, Next Meats Holdings, Inc. acquired Next Meats Co., Ltd. as a wholly owned subsidiary. Commensurate with this action, there was
a conversion of the Next Meats Holdings, Inc. percentile share interest in exchange for the Company s 100 share interest in Next
Meats Co., Ltd. Immediately prior to the effective time, each (now former) shareholder of Next Meats Co., Ltd. cancelled and exchanged
their percentile share interest in Next Meats Co., Ltd. for an equivalent percentile share interest in Next Meats Holdings, Inc. at a
pro rata percentage. As a result of the Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement, we now own 100 of the issued and outstanding shares
of Next Meats Co., Ltd., which constitutes 1,000 shares of common stock. 

- 14 - 

Table of Contents 

We believe that the aforementioned transaction(s) relating to the Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement
described above constituted a tax-free organization pursuant to Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. Full details of the Share
Cancellation and Exchange Agreement are contained within our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 16,
2021. 

On
or about July 20, 2021 we had acquired 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock of Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company, from CRS Consulting,
LLC, a Wyoming Limited Liability Company CRS ). 

On
or about July 1, 2022, we sold the 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock of Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company DRFS ),
to White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japan Company WKC ), at a price of approximately 147,624 USD (20,000,000 Japanese Yen) The
Share Purchase Agreement ). White Knight Co., Ltd. is owned and controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Koichi Ishizuka. White
Knight Co., Ltd. is deemed to be an accredited investor. The purchase of shares was made for investment purposes. The consummation of
the transaction contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement resulted in us no longer having an equity position in DRFS and with WKC becoming
the largest controlling shareholder of DRFS. 

We
intend to use the proceeds from the aforementioned sale for working capital. 

The
Board of Directors of NXMH, WK, and DRFS unanimously approved the above transaction. 

The
aforementioned sale of shares was conducted pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). The sale
of shares was made only to non-U.S. persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to offshore
transactions, and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates,
or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

Notable
Relationships 

Mama
Foods Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company, manufactures food products for the Next Meats Holdings, Inc., and its subsidiaries, on a need be
basis. White Knight Co., Ltd. currently owns and controls Mama Foods Co., Ltd., and Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Corporation. Dr. Foods,
Inc. has entered into a non-binding letter of intent to acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd. Koichi Ishizuka owns and controls White Knight Co.,
Ltd. He is also the controlling shareholder, sole officer, and director of Dr. Foods, Inc. 

On October 11, 2021, we, through our now wholly owned subsidiary Next Meats
Co., Ltd., entered into and consummated a Collaboration Agreement with Dr. Foods Co., Ltd., a Japan company and wholly owned
subsidiary of Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company, that shares common management with the Company, to co-develop new food products and subsequently
offer them for sale. Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. operates in the plant-based food industry. It currently offers, and plans to continue
to offer, amongst other things, artificial foie gras made from meat substitutes, and intends to offer, in the future, a diverse range
of microalgae-based foods. 

The Collaboration Agreement with Dr. Foods, Inc. is
for a period of two years, and may be renewed thereafter under the same terms for additional one-year terms unless terminated in writing,
with three months notice, by either party. The Collaboration Agreement, amongst other things, details the terms and conditions
by which Next Meats Co., Ltd. and Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. may co-develop, cooperate and contribute towards the development of new products
and technologies. The specific allotment of tasks per project will be determined in writing by each party at the outset of collaborative
efforts. Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. will primarily, although not exclusively, contribute to research and development, and Next Meats Co., Ltd.
will primarily, although not exclusively, contribute to distribution of new products/technologies. Costs pursuant to the collaborative
efforts of the partners, will be the respective responsibility of the party responsible for fulfilling such tasks. 

Several of our food products can be found in Wayback
Burgers Japanese Restaurant locations. These Wayback Burgers locations are owned and controlled by WB Burgers Asia, Inc., via
its wholly owned subsidiary, WB Burgers Japan Co., Ltd. Koichi Ishizuka is the sole officer, director, and controlling shareholder of
WB Burgers Asia, Inc. 

Office Space 

As a result of the closure of our Niigata research
laboratory in May of 2023, we moved our research and development, which was previously conducted at the Niigata research lab, to a new
facility in Iwate, Japan. This location is not rented, owned, or leased by Next Meats Holdings, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries. It should
be noted that the research lab in Iwate is being provided rent free to the company by Mama Foods Co., Ltd., which is owned and controlled
by Koichi Ishizuka, our Chief Executive Officer, through White Knight Co., Ltd., which is also controlled by Mr. Ishizuka. 

Accounts
receivable 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023, our subsidiary, Next Meats Japan Co., Ltd, paid expenses, totaling approximately 839, on behalf of WB
Burgers Japan Co., Ltd which is controlled by our CEO Koichi Ishizuka. 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023, our subsidiary, Next Meats Hong Kong Co., Ltd, paid expenses, totaling approximately 13, on behalf of
a shareholder of the Company. 

Short
term loans 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023, our subsidiary, Next Meats Japan Co., Ltd., was loaned approximately 23,857 from officers of the company.
These loans are unsecured, noninterest-bearing, and payable upon demand. 

Sales
of Shares 

On
January 31, 2022, White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japanese Corporation, owned and controlled by Koichi Ishizuka, sold a total of 999,999 shares
of restricted common stock of Next Meats Holdings, Inc., a Nevada Company, at a price of 2.63 USD per share, to two Japanese Citizens,
both of whom are not considered to be related parties to Next Meats Holdings, Inc., pursuant to Regulation S of the United States Securities
Act of 1933. 

On
May 24, 2022, White Knight Co., Ltd. sold a total of 461,714 shares of restricted common stock of Next Meats Holdings, Inc., a Nevada
Company, at a price of 0.85 USD per share, to a Japanese Company, pursuant to Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933. 

On
November 22, 2022, Ryo Shirai sold 79,521,051 shares of restricted Common Stock of the Issuer to Koichi Ishizuka, a Japanese Citizen,
at a price of 0.001 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by Koichi Ishizuka was approximately 79,521. Ryo Shirai
is our former Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and Director. 

On
November 22, 2022, Ryo Shirai sold 8,229,451 shares of restricted Common Stock of the Issuer to White Knight Co., Ltd., at a price of
 0.001 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by White Knight Co., Ltd. was approximately 8,229. 

On
November 22, 2022, Hideyuki Sasaki sold 112,863,282 shares of restricted Common Stock of the Issuer to White Knight Co., Ltd., at a price
of 0.001 per share of Common Stock. The total subscription amount paid by White Knight Co., Ltd. was approximately 112,863. Hideyuki
Sasaki is currently our Chief Operating Officer, and a Director of the Company. 

The
purchases of stock by both White Knight Co., Ltd. and Koichi Ishizuka were both funded by White Knight Co., Ltd. 

Review, Approval and Ratification of Related Party
Transactions 

Given our small size and limited financial resources,
we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions, such as those described
above, with our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders. We intend to establish formal policies and procedures in
the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional directors, so that such transactions will be subject to the
review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. On a moving forward basis, our directors
will continue to approve any related party transaction. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting
Fees and Services. 

Below is the approximate aggregate amount of fees
billed for professional services rendered by our principal
accountants with respect to our last two fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, respectively. 

2023 
 2022 

Audit
 fees 
 BF Borgers CPA PC 
 64,460 
 65,700 

Auditor
 related fees 
 
 - 
 - 

Tax
 fees 
 
 - 
 - 

All
 other fees 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 64,460 
 65,700 

Audit fees represent
the professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our financial statements included
in quarterly reports, along with services normally provided by the accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. Audit-related fees represent professional services rendered for assurance and related services by the accounting
firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported under audit
fees. 

Tax fees represent professional services rendered
by the accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All other fees represent fees billed for products and services
provided by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for in the other categories. 

- 15 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Financial Statements 

1. Financial statements for our company are
listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. 

2. All financial statement schedules are
omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits required
by Item 601 of Regulation S-K . 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1
 (i) 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation (1) 

3.1
 (ii) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment (2) 

3.1
 (iii) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment (3) 

3.1
 (iv) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment (4) 

3.2
 (i) 
 
 By-laws 
 (1) 

3.2
 (ii) 
 
 Amended By-laws (5) 

31 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Prinipal Financial Officer pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (6) 

32 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (6) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (7) 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (7) 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (7) 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (7) 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (7) 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101) (7) 

____________________ 

(1) 
 Filed
 as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G as filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020, and incorporated herein
 by this reference. 
 
 (2) 
 Filed
 as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on September 21, 2020, and incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 (3) 
 Filed
 as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on January 25, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 (4) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the
 Company's Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021, and incorporated herein by this
 reference. 
 
 (5) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the
 Company's Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021, and incorporated herein by this
 reference. 
 
 (6) 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 (7) 
 Users of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or Annual Report for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability. 

Item 16. 10-K Summary 

None. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Next Meats Holdings, Inc. 

 (Registrant) 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Name: Koichi Ishizuka 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, Director 

 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal
Financial Officer) 

 Dated: September 28, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Name: Koichi Ishizuka 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, Director 

 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal
Financial Officer) 

 Dated: September 28, 2023 

By: /s/ Hideyuki Sasaki 

 Name: Hideyuki Sasaki 

 Title: Chief Operating Officer, Director 

 Dated: September 28, 2023 

- 16 - 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31nxmh.htm
 EX-31

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Next Meats Holdings, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Koichi Ishizuka, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Next Meats Holdings, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
small business issuer and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business
issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: September 28, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

Chief Executive
Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Next Meats Holdings, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Koichi Ishizuka, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Next Meats Holdings, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
small business issuer and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business
issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: September 28, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

 Chief Financial
Officer 

 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32_nxmh.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Next Meats Holdings, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Next Meats Holdings, Inc. (the Company) on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report), I, Koichi Ishizuka,
Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Koichi Ishizuka
and will be retained by Next Meats Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

Dated: September 28, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Next Meats Holdings, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Next Meats Holdings, Inc. (the
Company) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report), I, Koichi Ishizuka,
Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Koichi Ishizuka and will
be retained by Next Meats Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: September 28, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

 Chief Financial
Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 nxmh-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 nxmh-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nxmh-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 nxmh-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

