<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230817_10-K_edgar_data_1636519_0001636519-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12395133</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>366173</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2422488</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4069243</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2861760</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2428300</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001636519-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230817
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230817172356
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001636519-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230817
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230817

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Madison Square Garden Sports Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001636519
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				473373056
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36900
		FILM NUMBER:		231183006

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO PENNSYLVANIA PLAZA
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-465-4111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO PENNSYLVANIA PLAZA
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Madison Square Garden Sports Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200417

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Madison Square Garden Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MSG SPINCO, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150313

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001636519-23-000009.txt : 20230817

10-K
 1
 msgs-20230630.htm
 10-K

msgs-20230630 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to _____________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant has been required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether each Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold on New York Stock Exchange as of December 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion. 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of July 31, 2023: 
 Class A Common Stock par value 0.01 per share Class B Common Stock par value 0.01 per share 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 2. Properties 
 22 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 6. (Reserved) 
 24 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 44 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 45 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 49 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Madison Square Garden Sports Corp., is a Delaware corporation with our principal executive offices at Two Pennsylvania Plaza, New York, NY 10121. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to we, us, our, MSG Sports or the Company refer collectively to Madison Square Garden Sports Corp., a holding company, and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. We conduct substantially all of our business activities discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K through MSG Sports, LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 The Company was incorporated on March 4, 2015 as an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of MSG Networks Inc. MSG Networks ). All of the outstanding common stock of the Company was distributed to MSG Networks shareholders (the MSGS Distribution on September 30, 2015. 
 On April 17, 2020 (the Sphere Distribution Date ), the Company distributed all of the outstanding common stock of Sphere Entertainment Co. (formerly Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. and referred to herein as Sphere Entertainment to its stockholders (the Sphere Distribution ). Prior to the MSGE Distribution (as defined below), Sphere Entertainment owned, directly or indirectly, the entertainment business previously owned and operated by the Company through its MSG Entertainment business segment and the sports booking business previously owned and operated by the Company through its MSG Sports business segment. 
 On July 9, 2021, MSG Networks merged with a subsidiary of Sphere Entertainment and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sphere Entertainment. Accordingly, agreements between the Company and MSG Networks are now effectively agreements with Sphere Entertainment on a consolidated basis. 
 On April 20, 2023 (the MSGE Distribution Date ), Sphere Entertainment distributed approximately of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (formerly MSGE Spinco, Inc. and referred to herein as MSG Entertainment to its stockholders (the MSGE Distribution ). All agreements between the Company and MSG Entertainment described herein were between the Company and Sphere Entertainment prior to the MSGE Distribution (except agreements entered into after the MSGE Distribution). 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and MSG Networks refer to such entity, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 The Company reports on a fiscal year basis ending on June 30th. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the years ended on June 30, 2023 and 2022 are referred to as fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022, respectively. 
 
 Overview 
 The Company owns and operates a portfolio of assets featuring some of the most recognized teams in all of sports, including the New York Knickerbockers Knicks of the National Basketball Association NBA and the New York Rangers Rangers of the National Hockey League NHL ). Both the Knicks and the Rangers play their home games in Madison Square Garden Arena The Garden ), also known as The World s Most Famous Arena. The Company s other professional franchises include two development league teams the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League AHL and the Westchester Knicks of the NBA G League NBAGL ). Our professional sports franchises are collectively referred to herein as our sports teams. In addition, the Company previously owned a controlling interest in Counter Logic Gaming CLG ), a North American esports organization. In April 2023, the Company sold its controlling interest in CLG to Hard Carry Gaming Inc. NRG ), a professional gaming and entertainment company, in exchange for a noncontrolling equity interest in the combined NRG/CLG company. The Company also operates a professional sports team performance center the Madison Square Garden Training Center in Greenburgh, NY. 
 
 Our Strengths 
 Iconic sports franchises with renowned brands; 
 Enduring and meaningful presence in the New York metropolitan area, the nation s largest media market; 
 Deep connections with large and passionate fan bases that span a wide demographic mix; 
 Multi-year sponsorship and suite agreements through a strategic partnership with MSG Entertainment; 
 Long-term local media rights agreements with MSG Networks; 
 National media rights agreements through the NBA and NHL; 
 Long-term arena license agreements with MSG Entertainment under which the Knicks and the Rangers play their home games at The Garden; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

World-class organization with expertise in team operations, event presentation and ticketing; and 
 Seasoned management team and committed ownership. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 Our strategy is to leverage the strength and popularity of our professional sports franchises and our unique position in the nation s largest media market to grow our business and increase the long-term value of our sports assets. Key components of our strategy include: 
 Developing championship-caliber teams. Our core goal is to develop and maintain teams that consistently compete for championships. Competitive teams help support and drive revenue streams across the Company during the regular season and, when our teams qualify for the postseason, the Company benefits from incremental home playoff games. The ownership and operation of NBA and NHL development teams the Westchester Knicks and the Hartford Wolf Pack as well as the operation of our state-of-the-art professional sports teams performance center, are part of our strategy to develop championship-caliber teams. 
 Employ a ticketing policy that gives the Company a direct relationship with our fanbases . Our large and loyal fan bases have placed us among the league leaders in ticket sales as our teams consistently play to at or near capacity crowds at The Garden. Tickets to our sports teams home games are sold through membership plans (full season and partial plans); group sales; and single-game tickets, which are purchased on an individual basis (as opposed to third-party sales). We generally review and set the price of our tickets before the start of each team s season; however, we dynamically price our single-game tickets to better align with fan demand. 
 Maximize the value of our exclusive live sports content. With today s rapidly evolving media landscape, live sports telecasts have become increasingly valuable to distributors and advertisers. In October 2015, the Knicks and the Rangers entered into 20-year local media rights agreements with MSG Networks, creating a significant recurring and growing revenue stream for the Company. These agreements provide MSG Networks with exclusive local linear and digital rights to home and away games of the Knicks and the Rangers, as well as other team-related programming. MSG Networks makes this content available to our fans on its regional sports networks, MSG Network and MSG Sportsnet, and through its direct to consumer and authenticated streaming product, MSG+. In addition, the Company also receives a pro-rata share of fees related to the NBA s and NHL s national media rights agreements. The NHL s U.S. national media rights agreements with The Walt Disney Company and WarnerMedia, LLC will expire following the 2027-28 season. The NHL s agreement with Rogers Communications (Canada) expires following the 2025-26 season. The NBA s agreements with The Walt Disney Company and WarnerMedia, LLC expire after the 2024-25 regular season. 
 Utilize our unique assets and an integrated approach to drive sponsorship and suite sales. The Company possesses powerful and attractive assets that also benefit from being part of a broader sports, entertainment and media offering as a result of the Company s various agreements with MSG Entertainment . These agreements enable us to partner with MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment on an integrated approach to marketing partnerships and corporate hospitality solutions to drive sponsorship, signage and suite sales. For example: 
 Our assets are highly sought after by companies that value the popularity of our sports franchises, the demographic makeup of our fans, and our unique position in the New York market. The attractiveness of our assets is further strengthened by the Sponsorship Sales and Service Representation Agreements and Arena License Agreements with MSG Entertainment, which create compelling, broad-based marketing platforms by combining our professional sports brands and MSG Entertainment s live entertainment assets and Sphere Entertainment s media assets. This integrated approach to marketing partnerships which delivers unrivaled sports, entertainment and media exposure in the New York market has already attracted world-class partners such as JPMorgan Chase, Anheuser-Busch, BetMGM, Caesars Sportsbook, Delta Air Lines, HUB International, Infosys, Kia, Benjamin Moore, Lexus, PepsiCo, Spectrum, Ticketmaster, MSC Cruises and Verizon, among others. 
 Our Arena License Agreements with MSG Entertainment enable MSG Entertainment to offer corporate hospitality solutions that bring together our live sporting events with MSG Entertainment s live entertainment offerings and provide for the sharing of revenues from such offerings. For example, The Garden offers a variety of suite and club products, including 21 Event Level suites, 58 Lexus Level suites, 18 Infosys Level suites, the Caesars Sportsbook Lounge, Suite Sixteen and the Loft Club. These suites and clubs which provide exclusive private spaces, first-class amenities and some of the best seats in The Garden are primarily licensed to corporate customers, with the majority being multi-year agreements, most of which have annual escalators. We believe the unique combination of our live sporting events and MSG Entertainment s live entertainment offerings, along with the continued importance of corporate hospitality to our guests, 
 2 

Table of Contents 

positions us well to continue to grow this area of the business. 
 Continue to invest in the fan experience. The strong loyalty of our fans has been driven in part by our commitment to the fan experience, which we will continue to build on through our relationship with MSG Entertainment, owner and operator of The Garden. Working with MSG Entertainment, we offer first-class operations, innovative event presentation, premium food and beverage offerings, and unique and exclusive merchandise, as well as venue and team apps designed to create a seamless experience for our fans. Our goal is to deliver the best in-venue experience in the industry whether our guests are first-time visitors, repeat customers, season ticket holders, suite holders or club members. 
 
 Our Business 
 Our Sports Franchises 
 New York Knicks 
 As an original franchise of the NBA, the Knicks have a rich history that includes eight trips to the NBA Finals and two NBA Championships, some of the greatest athletes to ever play the game and a large and passionate global fan base. As the Knicks head into the 2023-24 season, the team is coming off of a first round playoff series win and trip to the Eastern Conference Semifinals and has a number of draft picks over the next several years, which may be used to add new players or as trade assets. 
 New York Rangers 
 The Rangers hockey club is one of the NHL s Original Six franchises. Heading into its 97th season, the Rangers are a storied franchise and one of the league s marquee teams, with four Stanley Cup Championships and one of the most passionate, loyal and enthusiastic fan bases. The Rangers qualified for the Stanley Cup Playoffs for the second consecutive season in 2022-23 after winning 47 games in the regular season. 
 Westchester Knicks 
 The Westchester Knicks serve as the exclusive NBA G League affiliate of the Knicks. The Westchester Knicks support the development and injury rehabilitation of Knicks players through varied assignments. 
 Hartford Wolf Pack 
 The Hartford Wolf Pack, a minor-league hockey team in the AHL, is the top affiliate team for the Rangers. The Rangers send draft picks, prospects and other players to the Hartford Wolf Pack to compete, gain valuable ice time and develop. The Rangers can call up players from Hartford to their own roster during the regular season when needed. 
 Knicks Gaming 
 Knicks Gaming, our esports franchise that competes in the NBA 2K League, was one of the inaugural teams when the league debuted in 2018. In August 2018, Knicks Gaming won the first-ever NBA 2K League Championship title after securing a playoff bid through its Ticket Tournament Championship victory. 
 Arena License Agreements 
 Madison Square Garden, the World s Most Famous Arena, is the home for the Knicks and the Rangers pursuant to Arena License Agreements with MSG Entertainment. The Arena License Agreements provide revenue opportunities through the sharing of certain suites and clubs, sponsorship and signage, food and beverage, merchandise and sales arrangements with MSG Entertainment. The Arena License Agreements have a term of 35 years. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 Our Professional Sports Teams Performance Center 
 The Company owns the state-of-the-art Madison Square Garden Training Center in Greenburgh, NY. The approximately 114,000 square-foot facility features two basketball courts and one NHL regulation-sized hockey rink, and is equipped with well-appointed private areas and office space and exercise and training rooms with dedicated equipment for each team as well as the latest technology and other first-class amenities. 
 
 The Role of the Leagues in Our Operations 
 As franchises in professional sports leagues, our teams are members of their respective leagues and, as such, are subject to certain rules, regulations and limitations on the control and management of their affairs. The respective league constitutions of our sports teams, under which each league is operated, together with the collective bargaining agreements (each, a CBA that each of the NBA and NHL has signed with its players association, contain numerous provisions that, as a practical matter, could impact the manner in which we operate our business. In addition, under the respective league constitutions of our sports teams, the commissioner of each league, either acting alone or with the consent of a majority (or, in some cases, a 
 3 

Table of Contents 

supermajority) of the other sports teams in the league, may be empowered in certain circumstances to take certain actions believed to be in the best interests of the league, whether or not such actions would benefit our sports teams and whether or not we consent or object to those actions. 
 While the precise rights and obligations of member teams vary from league to league, the leagues have varying degrees of control exercisable under certain circumstances over the length and format of the playing season, including, for example, preseason and playoff schedules; the number of games in a playing season; the operating territories of the member teams; local, national and international media and other licensing rights; admission of new members and changes in ownership; franchise relocations; indebtedness affecting the franchises and their affiliates; and labor relations with the players associations, including collective bargaining, free agency, and rules applicable to player transactions, luxury taxes and revenue sharing. See Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business Overview Expenses. From time to time, we may disagree with or challenge actions the leagues take or the power and authority they assert, although the leagues governing documents and our agreements with the leagues purport to limit the manner in which we may challenge decisions and actions by a league commissioner or the league itself. 
 
 Media Rights 
 We generally license the local media rights for our sports teams home and away games. The Knicks and the Rangers are party to media rights agreements with MSG Networks covering the local telecast and radio rights for the Knicks and the Rangers. Each agreement has a remaining term of approximately 12 years. 
 
 Our Community 
 The Company has a long history of leveraging the power of its brands to benefit communities across the tri-state area. 
 The Company s 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report can be found on our website under Our Community . As part of our company-wide philanthropic efforts, the Knicks and the Rangers both run large community-based youth sports programs Jr. Knicks and Jr. Rangers focused on eliminating barriers and creating more inclusive opportunities for all kids to enjoy basketball and hockey. Over 428,000 tri-state area youth participated in these programs in fiscal year 2023. The Company is also dedicated to affecting positive change through other social impact and cause-related initiatives including philanthropic food and other in-kind donations. 
 Garden of Dreams Foundation 
 The centerpiece of the Company s philanthropy is the Garden of Dreams Foundation GDF ), a non-profit organization that assists young people in need. Since it was established in 2006, the Garden of Dreams Foundation has donated nearly 75 million in grants and other donations, impacting more than 425,000 young people and their families. GDF focuses on young people facing illness or financial challenges, as well as children of uniformed personnel who have been lost or injured while serving our communities. In partnership with the Company, MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment, GDF provides young people in our communities with access to educational and skills opportunities, mentoring programs and memorable experiences that enhance their lives, help shape their futures and create lasting joy. Each year, as part of its Season of Giving, GDF partners with the Knicks, Rangers and MSG Entertainment s Radio City Rockettes on a wide range of charitable programs. GDF further supports its mission by providing a core group of non-profit partners with critical funding to support their long-term success. 
 Supplier Diversity 
 We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment across all areas of our business. In partnership with MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment, our Business and Supplier Diversity Program seeks to strengthen relationships with diverse suppliers of goods and services and provide opportunities to do business with each of the three companies. See Human Capital Resources Diversity and Inclusion. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Regulation 
 Our sports and entertainment businesses are subject to legislation governing the sale and resale of tickets and consumer protection statutes generally. 
 In addition, The Garden, like all public spaces, is subject to building and health codes and fire regulations imposed by the state and local governments. The Garden is subject to zoning and outdoor advertising regulations and requires a number of licenses in order to operate, including occupancy permits, exhibit licenses, food and beverage permits, liquor licenses and other authorizations and a zoning special permit granted by the New York City Planning Commission. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Economic and Business Relationship Risks We Do Not Own The Garden and Our Failure to Renew the Arena License Agreements or MSG Entertainment s Failure to Operate The Garden in Compliance with the Arena License Agreements or Extensive Governmental Regulations May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations . 
 The professional sports leagues in which we operate, primarily the NBA and NHL, have the right under certain circumstances to regulate important aspects of our business, including, without limitation, our team-related online and mobile businesses. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Sports Business Risks The Actions of the NBA and NHL May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 Our business is also subject to certain regulations applicable to our Internet websites and mobile applications, including data privacy laws in various jurisdictions. These include, but are not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA and the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ). These laws obligate us to comply with certain consumer and employee rights concerning data we may collect about these individuals. We maintain various websites and mobile applications that provide information and content regarding our business, offer merchandise and tickets for sale, make available sweepstakes and/or contests and offer hospitality services. The operation of these websites and applications is subject to a range of other federal, state and local laws, such as accessibility for persons with disabilities and consumer protection regulations. In addition, to the extent any of our websites seeks to collect information from children under 13 years of age or is intended primarily for children under 13 years of age, it is also subject to the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, which places restrictions on websites and online services collection and use of personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age without prior parental consent. Our business is also subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including working conditions, labor, immigration and employment laws and health, safety and sanitation requirements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Operational Risks We Are Subject to Governmental Regulation, Which Can Change, and Any Failure to Comply With These Regulations May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations . 
 
 Competition 
 Our business operates in a market in which numerous sports and entertainment opportunities are available. In addition to the NBA, NHL, AHL and NBAGL teams that we own and operate, the New York City metropolitan area is home to two Major League Baseball teams (the New York Yankees (the Yankees and the New York Mets (the Mets )), two National Football League teams (the New York Giants (the Giants and the New York Jets (the Jets )), two additional NHL teams (the New York Islanders (the Islanders and the New Jersey Devils (the Devils )), a second NBA team (the Brooklyn Nets (the Nets )) and two Major League Soccer franchises (the New York Red Bulls and the New York City Football Club). In addition, there are a number of other amateur and professional teams that compete in other sports, including at the collegiate and minor league levels. New York is also home to many other non-sports related entertainment options. 
 As a result of the large number of options available, we face strong competition for the New York area sports fan base. We must compete with these other sporting events in varying respects and degrees, including on the basis of the quality of the teams we field, their success in the leagues in which they compete, our ability to provide an entertaining environment at our games and the prices we charge. In addition, for fans who prefer the unique experience of NHL hockey, we must compete with the Islanders and Devils as well as, in varying respects and degrees, with other NHL hockey teams and the NHL itself. Similarly, for those fans attracted to the equally unique experience of NBA basketball, we must compete with the Nets as well as, in varying respects and degrees, with other NBA teams and the NBA itself. In addition, we also compete to varying degrees with other productions and live entertainment events for advertising and sponsorship dollars. 
 The amount of revenue we earn is influenced by many factors, including the popularity and on-court or on-ice performance of our sports teams and general economic and health and safety conditions. In particular, when our sports teams have strong on-court and on-ice performance, we benefit from increased demand for tickets and premium hospitality, potentially greater food and merchandise sales from increased attendance and increased sponsorship opportunities. When our sports teams qualify for the playoffs, we also benefit from the attendance and in-game spending at the playoff games. The year-to-year impact of team performance is somewhat moderated by the fact that a significant portion of our revenue derives from media rights fees, suite rental fees and sponsorship and signage revenue, all of which are generally contracted on a multi-year basis. Nevertheless, the long-term performance of our business is tied to the success and popularity of our sports teams. In addition, due to the NBA and NHL playing seasons, revenues from our business are typically concentrated in the second and third quarters of each fiscal year. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

See Item 1A. Risk Factors Sports Business Risks Our Business Faces Intense and Wide-Ranging Competition, Which May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations and Our Business Is Substantially Dependent on the Continued Popularity and/or Competitive Success of the Knicks and the Rangers, Which Cannot Be Assured . 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 At MSG Sports, we believe the strength of our workforce is one of the significant contributors to our success. Our key human capital management objectives are to invest in and support our employees in order to attract, develop and retain a high performing and diverse workforce. 
 Diversity and Inclusion D I 
 We aim to create an employee experience that fosters the Company s culture of respect and inclusion. By welcoming the diverse perspectives and experiences of our employees, we all share in the creation of a more vibrant, unified, and engaging place to work. Together with MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment, we have furthered these objectives under our expanded Talent Management, Diversity and Inclusion function, including: 
 Workforce: Embedding Diversity and Inclusion through Talent Actions 
 Created a common definition of potential and an objective potential assessment to de-bias talent review conversations so employees have an opportunity to learn, grow, and thrive. Implemented quarterly performance and career conversations to facilitate regular conversations between managers and employees about goals, career growth and productivity. 
 Integrated D I best practices into our performance management and learning and development strategies with the goal of driving more equitable outcomes. 
 Developed an Emerging Talent List to expand our talent pool to better identify and develop high performing diverse talent for expanded roles and promotion opportunities. 
 Workplace: Building an Inclusive and Accessible Community 
 Redoubled our efforts with the MSG Diversity Inclusion Heritage Month enterprise calendar to acknowledge and celebrate culturally relevant days and months of recognition, anchored by our six employee resource groups ERGs ): Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPI), Black, LatinX, PRIDE, Veterans, and Women. Increased combined ERG involvement from 622 members in fiscal year 2022 to 1120 members in fiscal year 2023 (an increase of 80.1 ), which includes employees from the Company, MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment. 
 Revamped our Conscious Inclusion Awareness Experience, a training program, and created two required educational modules focused on unconscious bias and conscious inclusion within our learning management system. As of June 30, 2023, over 90 of employees across the Company, MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment have completed both required trainings either through the e-modules or through live training sessions. 
 Broadened our LGBTQ+ inclusivity strategy by launching new gender pronoun feature within the employee intranet platform, hosted live allyship and inclusivity trainings, and launched toolkit resources for employees to learn and develop. Together with the PRIDE ERG, marched in the 2022 and 2023 NYC Pride Parades. Hosted a community conversations series focused on Finding Your Voice as an LGBTQ+ Professional with a prominent LGBTQ+ elected official and employees of the Company, MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment. 
 Community: Bridging the Divide through Expansion to Diverse Stakeholders 
 Focused on connecting with minority-owned businesses to increase the diversity of our vendors and suppliers by leveraging ERGs and our community, which creates revenue generating opportunities for diverse suppliers to promote their businesses and products. In fiscal year 2023, the Company and Sphere Entertainment hosted a multi-city holiday market event featuring twenty underrepresented businesses in New York City and Burbank. 
 Invested in an external facing supplier diversity portal on our website, which launched in fiscal year 2023. The portal is intended to expand opportunities for the Company, MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment to do business with diverse suppliers, including minority-, women-, LGBTQ+- and veteran-owned businesses. 
 Strengthened our commitment to higher education institutions to increase campus recruitment pipelines. In partnership with the Knicks and our social impact team, we hosted the 2nd Annual Historically Black Colleges and Universities HBCU Night highlighting the important contributions of these institutions and awarded a 60,000 scholarship to a New York City high school student. Additionally, we welcomed two NBA HBCU Fellows in the Company s Business 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Operations Department covering marketing strategy, ticketing revenue strategy, and basketball operations through the NBA s HBCU Fellows Program. 
 Talent 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 558 full-time union and non-union employees and 404 part-time union and non-union employees. 
 We aim to attract top talent through our brands, as well as through the many benefits we offer. We aim to retain our talent by emphasizing our competitive rewards; offering opportunities that support employees both personally and professionally; and our commitment to fostering career development in a positive corporate culture. 
 Our performance management practice includes ongoing feedback and conversations between managers and team members, and talent reviews designed to identify potential future leaders and inform succession plans. We value continuous learning and development opportunities for our employees, which include: a career development tool; leadership development programs; a learning platform; and tuition assistance. 
 Our benefit offerings are designed to meet the range of needs of our diverse workforce and include: domestic partner coverage; medical, dental and vision plan options; life insurance benefits for the employee and their dependents; a 401k plan with 100 employer match; an employee assistance program which also provides assistance with child and elder care resources; legal support; wellness programs and financial planning seminars. These resources are intended to support the physical, emotional and financial well-being of our employees. 
 In addition, approximately 11.3 of our employees were represented by unions as of June 30, 2023, most of whom are our players. There are no union employees subject to CBAs that expired as of June 30, 2023 and no union employees subject to CBAs that will expire by June 30, 2024. 
 Labor relations in general and in the sports industry in particular can be volatile, though our current relationships with our unions taken as a whole are positive. The NBA players and the NHL players are covered by CBAs between the National Basketball Players Association NBPA and the NBA and between the NHL Players Association NHLPA and the NHL, respectively. Both the NBA and the NHL have experienced labor difficulties in the past and may have labor issues in the future. On June 30, 2011, the prior CBA between the NBA and NBPA expired and there was a work stoppage for approximately five months until a new CBA was entered into in December 2011. On April 26, 2023, the NBA and the NBPA announced that a new seven-year CBA had been ratified by the NBA Board of Governors and the NBA players. This current NBA CBA expires after the 2029-30 season, but each of the NBA and the NBPA has the right to terminate the CBA effective following the 2028-29 season. On September 15, 2012, the prior CBA between the NHL and NHLPA expired and there was a work stoppage for approximately four months until a new CBA was entered into in January 2013. The current NHL CBA expires after the 2025-26 season (with the possibility of a one-year extension in certain circumstances) . The NBA and NHL playoff games for the 2019-20 seasons experienced postponements due to player, team and/or league protests and decisions. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors Economic and Business Relationship Risks Labor Matters May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations . 

7 

Table of Contents 

Financial Information about Geographic Areas 
 Substantially all of the Company s revenues and assets are attributed to or located in the United States and are primarily concentrated in the New York City metropolitan area. 
 Available Information 
 Our telephone number is 212-465-4111, our website is http://www.msgsports.com and the investor relations section of our website is http://investor.msgsports.com. Through the investor relations section of our website, we make available, free of charge, the Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy statements, as well as any amendments to those reports and other statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These materials become available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Copies of these filings are also available on the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). References to our website in this report are provided as a convenience and the information contained on, or available through, our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 Investor Relations can be contacted at Madison Square Garden Sports Corp., Two Penn Plaza, New York, New York 10121, Attn: Investor Relations, telephone: 212-631-5422, e-mail: investor@msgsports.com. We use our website (www.msgsports.com) and our LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/company/msg-sports/), as well as other social media channels, to disclose public information to investors, the media and others. 
 Our officers may use similar social media channels to disclose public information. It is possible that certain information we or our officers post on our website and on social media could be deemed material, and we encourage investors, the media and others interested in MSG Sports to review the business and financial information we or our officers post on our website and on the social media channels identified above. The information on our website and those social media channels is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Sports Business Risks 
 Our Business Faces Intense and Wide-Ranging Competition, Which May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 The success of a sports business, like ours, is dependent upon the performance and/or popularity of its franchises. Our Knicks and Rangers and other sports franchises compete, in varying respects and degrees, with other live sporting events, and with sporting events delivered over television networks, radio, the Internet and online services, streaming devices and applications and other alternative sources. For example, our sports teams compete for attendance, viewership and advertising with a wide range of alternatives available in the New York City metropolitan area. During some or all of the basketball and hockey seasons, our sports teams face competition, in varying respects and degrees, from professional baseball (including the Yankees and the Mets), professional football (including the Giants and the Jets), professional soccer (including the New York Red Bulls and the New York City Football Club), collegiate sporting events, such as the Big East basketball tournament, other sporting events, including those held by MSG Entertainment, and each other. For fans who prefer the unique experience of NHL hockey, we must compete with two other NHL hockey teams located in the New York City metropolitan area (the Islanders and the Devils) as well as, in varying respects and degrees, with other NHL hockey teams and the NHL itself. Similarly, for those fans attracted to the equally unique experience of NBA basketball, we must compete with another NBA team located in the New York City metropolitan area (the Nets) as well as, in varying respects and degrees, with other NBA teams and the NBA itself. 
 As a result of the large number of options available, we face strong competition for the New York City metropolitan area sports fan base. We must compete with these other sports teams and sporting events, in varying respects and degrees, including on the basis of the quality of the teams we field, their success in the leagues in which they compete, our ability to provide an entertaining environment at our games, prices we charge for tickets and the viewing availability of our teams on multiple media alternatives. Given the nature of sports, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, including with companies that may have greater resources than us, and as a consequence, our business and results of operations may be materially negatively affected. 
 The success of our business is largely dependent on our ability to attract strong attendance to our professional sports franchises home games at The Garden. Our business also competes, in certain respects and to varying degrees, with other leisure-time activities and entertainment options in the New York City metropolitan area, such as television, motion pictures, concerts, music festivals and other live performances, restaurants and nightlife venues, the Internet, social media and social networking platforms and online and mobile services, including sites for online content distribution, video on demand and other alternative sources of entertainment. 
 Our sports teams also compete with other teams in their leagues to attract players. For example, players who are free agents are generally permitted to sign with the team of their choice. These players may make their decision based upon a number of factors, including the compensation they are offered, the makeup and competitiveness of the team bidding for their services, geographic preferences and other non-economic factors. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain players upon expiration of their contracts or sign and develop talented players to replace those who leave for other teams, retire or are injured, traded or released. 
 Our Business Is Substantially Dependent on the Continued Popularity and/or Competitive Success of the Knicks and the Rangers, Which Cannot Be Assured. 
 Our financial results have historically been dependent on, and are expected to continue to depend in large part on, the Knicks and the Rangers remaining popular with our fan bases and, in varying degrees, on the teams achieving on-court and on-ice success, which can generate fan enthusiasm, resulting in sustained ticket, premium seating, suite, sponsorship, food and beverage and merchandise sales during the season. In addition, the popularity of our sports teams can impact television ratings, which could affect the long-term value of the media rights for the Knicks and/or the Rangers. Furthermore, success in the regular season may qualify one or both of our sports teams for participation in post-season playoffs, which provides us with additional revenue by increasing the number of games played by our sports teams and, more importantly, by generating increased excitement and interest in our sports teams, which can help drive a number of our revenue streams, including by improving attendance and sponsorships, in subsequent seasons. Our teams qualified for the post-seasons during their respective 2022-23 seasons. In addition, league, team and/or player actions or inactions, including protests, may impact the popularity of the Knicks, the Rangers or the leagues in which they play. There can be no assurance that any of our sports teams, including the Knicks and the Rangers, will maintain continued popularity or compete in post-season play in the future. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Our Basketball and Hockey Decisions, Especially Those Concerning Player Selection and Salaries, May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 Creating and maintaining our sports teams popularity and/or on-court and on-ice competitiveness is key to the success of our business. Accordingly, efforts to improve our revenues and earnings from operations from period-to-period may be secondary to actions that management believes will generate long-term growth and asset value creation. The competitive positions of our sports teams depend primarily on our ability to develop, obtain and retain talented players, coaches and team executives, for whom we compete with other professional sports teams. Our efforts in this regard may include, among other things, trading for highly compensated players, signing draft picks, free agents or current players to new contracts, engaging in salary arbitration or contract renegotiation with existing players, terminating and waiving players and replacing coaches and team executives. Any of these actions could increase expenses for a particular period, subject to any salary cap restrictions contained in the respective leagues CBAs. There can be no assurance that any actions taken by management to generate and increase our long-term growth and asset value creation will be successful. 
 A significant factor in our ability to attract and retain talented players is player compensation. NBA and NHL player salaries have generally increased significantly and may continue to increase in the future. Although CBAs between the NBA and the NBPA and the NHL and the NHLPA generally cap league-wide player salaries at a prescribed percentage of league-wide revenues, we may pay our players different aggregate salaries and a different proportion of our revenues than other NBA or NHL franchises. In addition, both of the NBA and NHL CBAs include salary floors, which limit our ability to decrease costs below a certain amount. Future CBAs may increase the percentage of league-wide revenues to which NBA or NHL players are entitled or impose other conditions, which may further increase our costs. In addition, we have paid the NBA a luxury tax in the past and we may also be obligated to pay the NBA a luxury tax in future years, the calculation of which is determined by a formula based on the aggregate salaries paid to our Knicks players. See Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Expenses Player Salaries, Escrow System/Revenue Sharing and NBA Luxury Tax. 
 We have incurred, and may incur in the future, significant charges for costs associated with transactions relating to players on our sports teams for season-ending and career-ending injuries and for trades, waivers and contract terminations of players and other team personnel, including team executives. See Injuries to, and Illness of, Players on Our Sports Teams Could Hinder Our Success . These transactions can result in significant charges as the Company recognizes the estimated ultimate costs of these events in the period in which they occur, although amounts due to these individuals may be paid over their remaining contract terms. These expenses add to the volatility of our results. 
 The Actions of the NBA and NHL May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 The governing bodies of the NBA (including the NBAGL) and the NHL (including the AHL) have certain rights under certain circumstances to take actions that they deem to be in the best interests of their respective leagues, which may not necessarily be consistent with maximizing our results of operations and which could affect our sports teams in ways that are different than the impact on other sports teams. Decisions by the NBA or the NHL could have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. For example, failure to follow rules and regulations of the NBA or NHL has in the past and may in the future result in loss of draft picks, fines or other actions by the leagues. 
 From time to time, we may disagree with or challenge actions the leagues take or the power and authority they assert. The following discussion highlights examples of areas in which decisions of the NBA and the NHL could materially affect our business. 
 The NBA and the NHL may assert control over certain matters, under certain circumstances, that may affect our revenues such as the local, national and international rights to telecast the games of league members, including the Knicks and the Rangers, licensing of the rights to produce and sell merchandise bearing the logos and/or other intellectual property of our sports teams and the leagues, and the Internet and mobile-based activities of our sports teams. The NBA and NHL have each entered into agreements regarding the national and international telecasts of NBA and NHL games. We receive a share of the income the NBA and the NHL generate from these contracts, which expire from time to time. There can be no assurance that the NBA or the NHL will be able to renew or replace these contracts following their expiration on terms as favorable to us as those in the current agreements or that we will continue to receive the same level of revenues in the future. We receive significant revenues from MSG Networks for the right to telecast games of the Knicks and the Rangers. Changes to league rules, regulations and/or agreements, including changes to league schedules and national and international media rights, have in the past and could in the future impact the availability of games covered by our local media rights and negatively affect the rights fees we receive from MSG Networks and our business and results of operations. 
 The NBA and NHL impose certain rules that define, under certain circumstances, the territories in which our sports teams operate, including the markets in which our games may be telecast. The sports leagues have also asserted control 
 10 

Table of Contents 

over other important decisions, such as the length and format of, and the number of games in, the playing season, preseason and playoff schedules, admission of new members, franchise relocations, labor relations with the players associations, collective bargaining, free agency, luxury taxes and revenue sharing. Changes to these rules could have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. For example, we were subject to the leagues decisions with respect to the 2019-20, 2020-21 and 2021-22 seasons as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and player, team and/or league protests and actions. See Economic and Business Relationship Risks Labor Matters May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations . 
 The NBA imposes a luxury tax and escrow system with respect to player salaries and a revenue sharing plan, and the NHL imposes an escrow system with respect to player salaries and a revenue sharing plan. For fiscal year 2023, the Knicks and the Rangers recorded approximately 62.5 million in estimated revenue sharing expenses, net of escrow. The actual amounts for the 2022-23 season may vary significantly from the estimate based on actual operating results for the respective leagues and all teams for the season and other factors. For a discussion of the NBA luxury tax impacts, see Our Basketball and Hockey Decisions, Especially Those Concerning Player Selection and Salaries, May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 The NBA and the NHL impose certain restrictions on the ability of owners to undertake certain types of transactions in respect of teams, including a change in ownership and team relocation. The NBA and NHL have also imposed significant restrictions on amounts of financing and/or certain types of financings and the rights of those financing providers. See Part II Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Agreements and Stock Repurchases and Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In certain instances, these restrictions could impair our ability to proceed with a transaction that is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders if we were unable to obtain any required league approvals in a timely manner or at all. 
 The possibility of further NBA and/or NHL expansion could create increased competition for the Knicks and the Rangers, respectively. The most recent NHL expansion occurred in 2021 with the addition of the Seattle Kraken (following the addition of the Vegas Golden Knights in 2017) and the most recent NBA expansion occurred in 2004 with the addition of the Charlotte Bobcats (now Charlotte Hornets). Because revenue from national media rights agreements is divided equally among all NBA and NHL teams, any further expansion would dilute the revenue realized by the Knicks and/or the Rangers from such agreements. Expansion also increases competition for talented players among NBA and/or NHL teams. Any expansion in the New York City metropolitan area, in particular, could also draw fan, consumer and viewership interest away from the Knicks and/or the Rangers. 
 Each league s governing body has imposed a number of rules, regulations, guidelines, bulletins, directives, policies and agreements upon its teams. Changes to these provisions may apply to our teams and their personnel, and/or the Company as a whole, regardless of whether we agree or disagree with such changes, have voted against such changes or have challenged them through other means. It is possible that any such changes could materially negatively affect our business and results of operations to the extent they are ultimately determined to bind our teams. The commissioners of each of the NBA and NHL assert significant authority to take certain actions on behalf of their respective leagues under certain circumstances. Decisions by the commissioners of the NBA and the NHL, including on the matters described above, may materially negatively affect our business and results of operations. The leagues governing documents and our agreements with the leagues purport to limit the manner in which we may challenge decisions and actions by a league commissioner or the league itself. See Economic and Business Relationship Risks Labor Matters May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 Injuries to, and Illness of, Players on Our Sports Teams Could Hinder Our Success. 
 To the degree that our financial results are dependent on our sports teams popularity and/or on-court and on-ice success, the likelihood of achieving such popularity or competitive success may be substantially impacted by serious and/or untimely injuries to or illness of key players. Even if we take health and safety precautions and comply with government protocols, our players may nevertheless contract serious illness, such as COVID-19 and, as a result, our ability to participate in games may be substantially impacted. Nearly all of our Knicks and Rangers players, including those with multi-year contracts, have partially or fully guaranteed contracts, meaning that in some cases (subject to the terms of the applicable player contract and CBA), a player or his estate may be entitled to receive his salary even if the player dies or is unable to play as a result of injury. These salaries represent significant financial commitments for our sports teams. We maintain insurance policies to mitigate some of the risk of paying certain player salaries in the event of a player s death or disability. In the event of injuries sustained resulting in lost services (as defined in the applicable insurance policies), generally the insurance policies provide for payment to us of a portion of the player s salary for the remaining term of the contract or until the player can resume play, in each case following a deductible number of missed games. Such insurance may not be available in every circumstance or on terms that are commercially feasible and such insurance may contain significant dollar limits and/or exclusions from coverage for pre-existing 
 11 

Table of Contents 

medical conditions. We may choose not to obtain (or may not be able to obtain) such insurance in some cases and we may change coverage levels (or be unable to change coverage levels) in the future. 
 In the absence of disability insurance, we have in the past and may in the future be obligated to pay all of an injured player s salary. In addition, player disability insurance policies do not cover any NBA luxury tax that we may be required to pay under the NBA CBA. For purposes of determining NBA luxury tax under the NBA CBA, salary payable to an injured player is included in team salary for at least one year and until other conditions are satisfied. Replacement of an injured player may result in an increase in our salary and NBA luxury tax expenses. 
 Our Operations and Operating Results Were Materially Impacted by the COVID-19 Pandemic and Government and League Actions Taken in Response, and a Resurgence of the Pandemic or Another Pandemic or Other Public Health Emergency Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 The Company s operations and operating results were materially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken in response by governmental authorities and the NBA and NHL. For example, in March 2020 the NBA and NHL suspended their 2019-20 seasons due to COVID-19, and as a result, virtually all of our business operations were suspended. In addition, the start of the 2020-21 NBA and NHL regular seasons were delayed, and the Knicks and the Rangers played 10 and 26 fewer games, respectively, than their traditional regular season schedules. The Company s operations and operating results were also impacted by government-mandated assembly restrictions during fiscal year 2021 and temporary declines in attendance due to ongoing reduced tourism levels as well as an increase in COVID-19 cases during certain months during fiscal year 2022. 
 It is unclear to what extent COVID-19, including variants thereof, or another pandemic or public health emergency, could result in renewed governmental and/or league restrictions on attendance or otherwise impact attendance of games at The Garden, demand for our sponsorship, tickets and other premium inventory or otherwise impact the Company s operations and operating results. If, due to a resurgence in COVID-19 or another pandemic or public health emergency, the NBA and the NHL do not play a minimum number of games required under the league-wide media rights agreements or the Knicks or the Rangers do not make available to MSG Networks the number of games during the season required under the local media rights agreements, the amounts of revenues we earn could be substantially reduced depending upon the number of games not played or not made available to MSG Networks and an event of default may occur under the Knicks and the Rangers credit agreements. 
 Our business is also particularly sensitive to discretionary business and consumer spending. A pandemic such as COVID-19, or the fear of a new pandemic or public health emergency, has in the past and could in the future impede economic activity in impacted regions or globally over the long-term, leading to a decline in discretionary spending on sporting events and other leisure activities, including declines in domestic and international tourism, which could result in long-term effects on our business. To the extent a pandemic or other public health emergency adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those relating to our liquidity, indebtedness, and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. See Economic and Business Relationship Risks Certain of Our Subsidiaries Have Incurred Substantial Indebtedness, and the Occurrence of an Event of Default Under Our Subsidiaries Credit Facilities or Our Inability to Repay Such Indebtedness When Due Could Substantially Impair the Assets of Those Subsidiaries and Have a Negative Effect on Our Business and Economic and Business Relationship Risks We Do Not Own The Garden and Our Failure to Renew the Arena License Agreements or MSG Entertainment s Failure to Operate The Garden in Compliance with the Arena License Agreements or Extensive Governmental Regulations May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations . 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Economic and Business Relationship Risks 
 Our Business Has Been Adversely Impacted and May, in the Future, Be Materially Adversely Impacted by an Economic Downturn, Recession, Financial Instability or Inflation. 
 Our business depends upon the ability and willingness of consumers and businesses to purchase tickets (including season tickets) to our games, license suites at The Garden, spend on food and beverages and merchandise and drive continued advertising and sponsorship revenues, and these revenues are sensitive to general economic conditions and consumer buying patterns. 
 Consumer and corporate spending has in the past declined and may in the future decline at any time for reasons beyond our control. The risks associated with our businesses may become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may lead to reductions in, among other things, corporate sponsorship and advertising and decreases in attendance at live sports events, demand for suite licenses and food and beverage and merchandise sales, some of which we have experienced in the past and may experience in the future. In addition, inflation, which has significantly risen, has increased and may continue to increase operational costs, and continued increases in interest rates in response to concerns about inflation may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. As a result, instability and weakness of the U.S. and global economies, disruptions to financial markets, inflation, recession, high unemployment, reduced tourism and other geopolitical events, including any prolonged effects caused by the COVID-19 or other similar outbreak, and the resulting negative effects on consumers and businesses discretionary spending have in the past materially negatively affected, and may in the future materially negatively affect our business and results of operations. 
 Certain of Our Subsidiaries Have Incurred Substantial Indebtedness, and the Occurrence of an Event of Default Under Our Subsidiaries Credit Facilities or Our Inability to Repay Such Indebtedness When Due Could Substantially Impair the Assets of Those Subsidiaries and Have a Negative Effect on Our Business. 
 Our subsidiaries have incurred substantial indebtedness. New York Knicks, LLC and New York Rangers, LLC, which own the assets of the Knicks and the Rangers franchises, respectively, have entered into revolving credit facilities. As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding balance under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) was 235 million and the outstanding balance under the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) was 60 million. Both credit facilities expire in December 2026. New York Rangers, LLC also received a 30 million advance from the NHL, which is payable upon demand by the NHL. As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding balance of the advance was 30 million. 
 Our ability to make payments on, or repay or refinance, such indebtedness, and to fund our operations, depends largely upon our future operating performance. Our future operating performance is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. See We May Require Financing to Fund Our Ongoing Operations, the Availability of Which is Highly Uncertain . 
 Furthermore, our interest expense could also increase if interest rates increase (including in connection with rising inflation) as our indebtedness bears interest at floating rates (or to the extent we have to refinance existing debt with higher cost debt), causing our interest expense to be substantial relative to our revenues and cash outflows. 
 The 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility includes covenants and events of default that may be implicated by a shortfall in the amount of national media rights revenue received by the Knicks. The 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility includes covenants and events of default that may be implicated by a shortfall in the amount of national and local media rights revenue received by the Rangers. If, the NBA and/or NHL 2023-24 seasons are delayed, shortened, suspended or cancelled, the Knicks or the Rangers may be required, absent a cure or waiver, to repay certain amounts borrowed under the revolving credit facilities. If we are unable to repay such amounts due to liquidity constraints, we may need to pursue other sources of financing, including through issuances of equity and/or asset sales. 
 We Have Incurred Substantial Operating Losses, Adjusted Operating Losses and Negative Cash Flow and There is No Assurance We Will Have Operating Income, Adjusted Operating Income or Positive Cash Flow in the Future. 
 We incurred an operating loss of approximately 78 million in fiscal year 2021. In addition, we have, in prior periods, incurred adjusted operating losses and negative cash flow and there is no assurance that we will have operating income, adjusted operating income or positive cash flow in the future. Significant operating losses may limit our ability to raise necessary financing, or to do so on favorable terms, as such losses will likely be considered by potential investors, lenders and the organizations that issue investment ratings on indebtedness. See Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Affecting Operating Results. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

We Do Not Own The Garden and Our Failure to Renew the Arena License Agreements or MSG Entertainment s Failure to Operate The Garden in Compliance with the Arena License Agreements or Extensive Governmental Regulations May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 The Knicks and the Rangers play their home games at The Garden pursuant to the Arena License Agreements with MSG Entertainment, which owns and operates The Garden. Our Arena License Agreements for The Garden expire in 2055. If we are unable to renew the Arena License Agreements on economically attractive terms, our business could be materially negatively affected. The Arena License Agreements require that MSG Entertainment must operate The Garden in a first-class manner. If MSG Entertainment were to breach or become unable to satisfy this obligation under the Arena License Agreements, we could suffer operational difficulties and/or significant losses. See We Rely on Affiliated Entities Performance, Including Performance of Financial Obligations, Under Various Agreements. 
 In addition, MSG Entertainment is subject to federal, state and local regulations relating to the operation of The Garden. For example, The Garden holds a liquor license to sell alcoholic beverages at concession stands in The Garden. Failure by MSG Entertainment to retain, or the suspension of, the liquor license could interrupt or terminate the ability to serve alcoholic beverages at The Garden and may have a negative effect on our business and our results of operations. 
 The Garden is subject to zoning and building regulations, including a zoning special permit. The original permit was granted by the New York City Planning Commission in 1963 and renewed in July 2013 for 10 years (while MSG Entertainment s current application for renewal of the zoning special permit remains pending, we and MSG Entertainment have been advised that MSG Entertainment can continue to use and operate The Garden as normal until the renewal review process concludes). Relevant rail agencies are considering proposals to redevelop Penn Station, which proposed redevelopment would impact The Garden, which sits atop Penn Station. Certain government officials and special interest groups have used and may continue to use the renewal process for the zoning special permit to pressure MSG Entertainment to contribute to the redevelopment of Penn Station, relocate The Garden or sell all or portions of The Garden complex. For example, in June 2023 the New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New Jersey Transit and Amtrak, which operate commuter rail services from Penn Station, issued a compatibility report asserting that The Garden imposes severe constraints on Penn Station that restrict efforts to make its desired improvements. There can be no assurance regarding the future renewal of the permit or the terms thereof, and the failure to obtain such renewal or to do so on favorable terms could have a material negative effect on our business. 
 In addition, The Garden is, and will in the future continue to be, subject to a variety of other laws and regulations, including environmental, working conditions, labor, immigration and employment laws, and health, safety and sanitation requirements. For example, governmental regulations adopted in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic impacted the permitted occupancy of The Garden for games of the Knicks and the Rangers and the manner in which we use or maintain The Garden on game days during the 2019-20 and 2020-21 seasons, which impacted the revenue we derive from games and the expenses that we incur on game days. 
 MSG Entertainment s failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations applicable to the operation of The Garden, or to maintain necessary permits or licenses, could have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. 
 A Change to or Withdrawal of a New York City Real Estate Tax Exemption May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 Many arenas, ballparks and stadiums nationally and in New York City have received significant public support, such as tax exempt financing, other tax benefits, direct subsidies and other contributions, including for public infrastructure critical to the facilities such as parking lots and transit improvements. The Madison Square Garden Complex benefits from a more limited real estate tax exemption pursuant to an agreement with the City of New York, subject to certain conditions, and legislation enacted by the State of New York in 1982. For fiscal year 2023, the tax exemption was 42.4 million. From time to time there have been calls to repeal or amend the tax exemption. For example, in January 2023, a number of elected representatives from New York issued a public letter and in July 2023, the New York City Independent Budget Office issued a public report, in each case noting the tax exemption status should be reexamined. Any repeal of the tax exemption status would require legislative action by the New York State legislature. 
 Under the Arena License Agreements with subsidiaries of MSG Entertainment, pursuant to which the Knicks and the Rangers play their home games at The Garden, the teams are responsible for 100 of any real estate or similar taxes applicable to The Garden. 
 If the tax exemption is repealed or a team is otherwise subject to the property tax due to no fault of that team, certain revenue allocations that we receive under the applicable Arena License Agreement would be increased as set forth in the applicable Arena License Agreement. Although the value of any such revenue increase could be material, it is not expected to offset the property tax that would be payable by the applicable team. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

There can be no assurance that the tax exemption will not be amended in a manner adverse to us or repealed in its entirety, either of which could have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We May Require Financing to Fund Our Ongoing Operations, the Availability of Which is Highly Uncertain. 
 We may require financing to fund our ongoing operations or otherwise engage in transactions that depend on our ability to obtain financing. The public and private capital and credit markets can experience volatility and disruption. Such markets can exert extreme downward pressure on stock prices and upward pressure on the cost of new debt capital and can severely restrict credit availability for most issuers. For example, the global economy, including credit and financial markets, has recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including diminished liquidity and credit availability, rising interest and inflation rates, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. 
 Depending upon conditions in the financial markets and/or the Company s financial performance, we may not be able to raise additional capital on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, as described above, the leagues in which our sports teams compete may have, under certain circumstances, approval rights over certain financing transactions, and in connection with those rights, could affect our ability to obtain such financing. 
 Labor Matters May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 NBA players are covered by a CBA between the NBPA and the NBA. NHL players are covered by a CBA between the NHLPA and the NHL. Labor difficulties may include players strikes or protests or management lockouts. Both the NBA and the NHL have experienced labor difficulties in the past and may have labor issues in the future. For example, the NHL has experienced lockouts in the past that resulted in a regular season being shortened and the cancellation of the entire season, with a more recent lockout during the 2012-13 NHL season, which resulted in a regular season that was shortened from 82 to 48 games. The current NHL CBA expires on September 15, 2026 (with the possibility of a one-year extension in certain circumstances). The NBA has also experienced lockouts in the past that resulted in regular seasons being shortened, with a most recent lockout during the 2011-12 season, which resulted in a regular season that was shortened from 82 games to 66 games. The current NBA CBA expires after the 2029-30 season, but each of the NBA and NBPA has the right to terminate the CBA effective following the 2028-29 season. Any labor disputes, such as players strikes, protests or lockouts, with the unions with which we have CBAs have in the past had and could in the future have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. 
 MSG Entertainment provides certain services to us through various commercial agreements, including day-of-game services. These services are provided by MSG Entertainment employees that are subject to CBAs. Any labor disputes, such as strikes or lockouts, with the unions with which MSG Entertainment has CBAs could impact staffing on Knicks and Rangers game days. In addition, we and MSG Entertainment have in the past faced difficulty in maintaining staffing on Knicks and Rangers game days and have been operating in an increasingly competitive labor market. If we and/or MSG Entertainment are unable to attract and retain qualified people or to do so on reasonable terms, or if game day staffing is impacted due to a labor dispute, we could suffer operational difficulties and the fan experience at Knicks and Rangers games may be adversely impacted. Competition for qualified employees has required higher wages, which has resulted in higher labor costs. If wages and labor costs increase further, this could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. See We Rely on Affiliated Entities Performance, Including Performance of Financial Obligations, Under Various Agreements. 
 We Rely on Affiliated Entities Performance, Including Performance of Financial Obligations, Under Various Agreements. 
 We have various agreements with MSG Entertainment, which include arena license agreements, sponsorship sales and service representation agreements, a team sponsorship allocation agreement, a group ticket sales agreement, and a single night rental commission agreement. These agreements provide for a number of ongoing commercial relationships, including our use of The Garden and the allocation of certain revenues and expenses from games played by our sports teams at The Garden. In addition, we also have a services agreement and sublease agreement. The services agreement provides certain business services to the Company, such as information technology, accounts payable, payroll, tax, certain legal functions, human resources, insurance and risk management, investor relations, corporate communications, benefit plan administration and reporting and internal audit functions. The services agreement and certain of the commercial arrangements are subject to potential termination by MSG Entertainment in the event MSG Entertainment and the Company are no longer affiliates. 
 We have various agreements with Sphere Entertainment, which include local media rights agreements with MSG Networks (a wholly owned subsidiary of Sphere Entertainment) which provide MSG Networks with exclusive local linear and digital rights to home and away games of the Knicks and the Rangers, as well as other team-related programming. These media rights agreements provide a significant recurring and growing revenue stream for the Company. In recent years, certain regional sports networks have experienced financial difficulties. For example, Diamond Sports Group, an unconsolidated subsidiary of Sinclair Broadcasting Group Inc., which licenses and distributes sports content in a number of regional markets, filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code in March 2023. If MSG Networks were to experience financial difficulties, 
 15 

Table of Contents 

MSG Networks may be unable or unwilling to fulfill its contractual obligations under the media rights agreements and regional broadcasting of Knicks and Rangers games may be interrupted, any of which could have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, in connection with the Sphere Distribution, we agreed to provide Sphere Entertainment with indemnities with respect to liabilities arising out of our businesses and Sphere Entertainment agreed to provide us with indemnities with respect to liabilities arising out of the businesses we transferred to Sphere Entertainment. 
 The Company and its affiliated entities each rely on the other to perform its respective obligations under these agreements. If one of the affiliated entities were to breach, become unable to satisfy their material obligations under these agreements because of financial difficulties, ongoing labor market disruptions or otherwise, fail to satisfy their indemnification or other financial obligations, or these agreements otherwise terminate or expire and we do not enter into replacement agreements, we could suffer operational difficulties and/or significant losses. 
 Our Business is Subject to Seasonal Fluctuations and our Operating Results and Cash Flow Can Vary Substantially from Period to Period. 
 Our revenues and expenses have been seasonal and we expect they will continue to be seasonal. Due to the NBA and NHL playing seasons, revenues from our business are typically concentrated in the second and third quarters of each fiscal year. Disruptions due to COVID-19 have also impacted the seasonality of our business. For example , as a result of the delayed start of the 2020-21 NBA and NHL regular seasons due to COVID-19, certain of our revenues and expenses were recognized during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2021 that otherwise typically would have been recognized during the second and third quarters. 
 As a result, our operating results and cash flow reflect significant variation from period to period and will continue to do so in the future. Therefore, period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not necessarily be meaningful and the operating results of one period are not indicative of our financial performance during a full fiscal year. 
 We May Pursue Acquisitions and Other Strategic Transactions to Complement or Expand Our Business that May Not Be Successful . 
 We may continue to explore opportunities to purchase or invest in other businesses or assets that we believe will complement, enhance or expand our current business or that might otherwise offer us growth opportunities. Any transactions that we are able to identify and complete may involve risks, including the commitment of significant capital, the incurrence of indebtedness, the payment of advances, the diversion of management s attention and resources, litigation or other claims in connection with acquisitions or against companies we invest in or acquire, our lack of control over certain joint venture companies and other minority investments, the inability to successfully integrate such business into our operations or even if successfully integrated, the risk of not achieving the intended results and the exposure to losses if the underlying transactions or ventures are not successful. 
 Operational Risks 
 Our Business Could Be Adversely Affected by Terrorist Activity or the Threat of Terrorist Activity and Other Developments That Discourage Congregation at Prominent Places of Public Assembly. 
 The success of our business is dependent upon the willingness and ability of patrons to attend our games. The Garden, like all prominent places of public assembly, could be the target of terrorist activities, including acts of domestic terrorism or other actions that discourage attendance. Any such activity or threatened activity at or near The Garden or other similar venues in other locations could result in reduced attendance at our games and, more generally, have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. Similarly, a major epidemic or pandemic, or the threat of such an event, has in the past materially affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect attendance at our games or, depending on its severity, halt our operations entirely. See Sports Business Risks Our Operations and Operating Results Were Materially Impacted by the COVID-19 Pandemic and Government and League Actions Taken in Response, and a Resurgence of the Pandemic or Another Pandemic or Other Public Health Emergency Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations. Moreover, the costs of protecting against such incidents could reduce the profitability of our operations. In addition, such events or the threat of such events may harm our or our affiliates ability to obtain or renew insurance coverage on favorable terms or at all. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

We Are Subject to Governmental Regulation, Which Can Change, and Any Failure to Comply With These Regulations May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 We are subject to substantial governmental regulations affecting our business. These include, but are not limited to, data privacy and protection laws, regulations, policies and contractual obligations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage, processing and use of personal information or personal data, which among other things, impose certain requirements relating to the privacy and security of personal information. The variety of laws and regulations governing data privacy and protection, and the use of the internet as a commercial medium are rapidly evolving, extensive, and complex, and may include provisions and obligations that are inconsistent with one another or uncertain in their scope or application. 
 The data protection landscape is rapidly evolving in the United States. As our operations and business grow, we may become subject to or affected by new or additional data protection laws and regulations and face increased scrutiny or attention from regulatory authorities. For example, California has passed a comprehensive data privacy law, the CCPA, and a number of other states including Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut have also passed similar laws, and various additional states may do so in the near future. Additionally, the CPRA imposes additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights procedures and obligations, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and constraints on certain uses of sensitive data. The majority of the CPRA provisions went into effect on January 1, 2023, and additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Further, there are several legislative proposals in the United States, at both the federal and state level, that could impose new privacy and security obligations. We cannot yet determine the impact that these future laws and regulations may have on our business. 
 In addition, governmental authorities and private litigants continue to bring actions against companies for online collection, use, dissemination and security practices that are unfair or deceptive. 
 Our business is, and may in the future be, subject to a variety of other laws and regulations, including working conditions, labor, immigration and employment laws; and health, safety and sanitation requirements. We are unable to predict the outcome or effects of any potential legislative or regulatory proposals on our businesses. Any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to our businesses could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 Our failure to comply with applicable governmental laws and regulations, or to maintain necessary permits or licenses, could result in liability that could have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our business was also materially impacted by government actions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and could be materially impacted by government actions in response to a pandemic or other public health emergency in the future. See Sports Business Risks Our Operations and Operating Results Were Materially Impacted by the COVID-19 Pandemic and Government and League Actions Taken in Response, and a Resurgence of the Pandemic or Another Pandemic or Other Public Health Emergency Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 Weather or Other Conditions May Impact Our Games, Which May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 Weather or other conditions, including natural disasters and similar events, in the New York metropolitan area may affect patron attendance at Knicks or Rangers games as well as sales of food and beverages and merchandise, among other things. Weather conditions may also require us to cancel or postpone games. Any of these events may have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We Face Continually Evolving Cybersecurity and Similar Risks, Which Could Result in Loss, Disclosure, Theft, Destruction or Misappropriation of, or Access to, Our Confidential Information and Cause Disruption to Our Business, Damage to Our Brands and Reputation, Legal Exposure and Financial Losses. 
 We collect and store, including by electronic means, certain personal, proprietary and other sensitive information, including payment card information, that is provided to us through purchases, registration on our websites or mobile applications, or otherwise in communication or interaction with us. These activities require the use of online services and centralized data storage, including through third-party service providers. Data maintained in electronic form is subject to the risk of security incidents, including breach, compromise, intrusion, tampering, theft, destruction, misappropriation or other malicious activity. Our ability to safeguard such personal and other sensitive information, including information regarding the Company and our customers, sponsors, partners and employees, independent contractors and vendors, is important to our business. We take these matters seriously and take significant steps to protect our stored information, including the implementation of systems and processes to thwart malicious activity. These protections are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. 
 Despite our efforts, the risks of a security incident cannot be entirely eliminated and our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit customer, sponsor, partner, Company, employee and other confidential and proprietary information may be compromised due to employee error or other circumstances such as malware or ransomware, viruses, 
 17 

Table of Contents 

hacking and phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, business email compromises, or otherwise. Such compromise could affect the security of information on our network, or that of a third-party service provider, including MSG Entertainment to which we outsource information technology services, including technology relating to season ticket holders and purchases of individual game tickets, and certain payment processing. For example, in November 2016, a payment card issue that affected cards used at merchandise and food and beverage locations at several of the Company s pre-Sphere Distribution venues, including its New York venues and The Chicago Theatre, was identified and addressed with the assistance of security firms. The issue was promptly fixed and enhanced security measures were implemented. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, vendors or users to disclose sensitive, proprietary or confidential information in order to gain access to data and systems. As a result of any of these actions, such sensitive, proprietary and/or confidential information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without consent. See Economic and Business Relationship Risks We Rely on Affiliated Entities Performance, Including Performance of Financial Obligations, Under Various Agreements. for a discussion of services MSG Entertainment performs on our behalf. The Company also continues to review and enhance our security measures in light of the constantly evolving techniques used to gain unauthorized access to networks, data, software and systems. The Company may be required to incur significant expenses in order to address any actual or potential security incidents that arise, and we may not have insurance coverage for all such expenses. 
 If we experience an actual or perceived security incident, our ability to conduct business may be interrupted or impaired, we may incur damage to our systems, we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished and we may lose revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. Unauthorized access to or security breaches of our systems could result in the loss of data, loss of business, severe reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence, diversion of management s attention, regulatory investigations and orders, litigation, indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach, penalties for violation of applicable laws or regulations and significant costs for remediation that may include liability for stolen or lost assets or information and repair of system damage that may have been caused, incentives offered to customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain business relationships after a breach and other liabilities. In addition, in the event of a security incident, changes in legislation may increase the risk of potential litigation. For example, the CCPA, which provides a private right of action (in addition to statutory damages) for California residents whose sensitive personal information is breached as a result of a business violation of its duty to reasonably secure such information, took effect on January 1, 2020 and was expanded by the CPRA which took effect in January 2023. A number of other states have passed similar laws and additional states may do so in the near future. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover the costs of a data breach, indemnification obligations, or other liabilities. 
 We have obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity, may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to or alleviate problems caused by an actual or perceived security breach. 
 The Unavailability of Systems Upon Which We Rely May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 We rely upon various internal and third-party software or systems in the operation of our business, including, with respect to ticket sales, credit card processing, email marketing, point of sale transactions, database, inventory, human resource management and financial systems. From time to time, certain of the arrangements for these systems may not be covered by long-term agreements. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in the information systems and infrastructure, both of our own websites and other computer systems and of affiliate and third-party software, computer networks, apps and other communications systems service providers on which we rely may adversely affect our ability to operate websites, process and fulfill transactions, respond to customer inquiries and generally maintain cost-efficient operations. Such interruptions could occur by virtue of natural disaster, malicious actions, such as hacking or acts of terrorism or war, or human error. See also Economic and Business Relationship Risks We Rely on Affiliated Entities Performance, Including Performance of Financial Obligations, Under Various Agreements. for a discussion of services MSG Entertainment performs on our behalf. 
 While we have backup systems and offsite data centers for certain aspects of our operations, disaster recovery planning by its nature cannot be for all eventualities. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for any or all losses from a major interruption. If any of these adverse events were to occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We May Become Subject to Infringement or Other Claims Relating to Our Content or Technology. 
 From time to time, third parties have in the past and may in the future assert against us alleged intellectual property (e.g., copyright, trademark and patent) or other claims relating to our technologies or other material, some of which may be material to our business. Any such claims, regardless of their merit, could cause us to incur significant costs that could harm our results of operations. These claims may not be covered by insurance or could involve exposures that exceed the limits of any 
 18 

Table of Contents 

applicable insurance policy. In addition, if we are unable to continue use of certain intellectual property rights, our business and results of operations could be materially negatively impacted. 
 There Is a Risk of Personal Injuries and Accidents at The Garden, Which Could Subject Us to Personal Injury or Other Claims; We are Subject to the Risk of Adverse Outcomes or Negative Publicity in Other Types of Litigation. 
 There are inherent risks associated with having customers attend our teams games. As a result, personal injuries, accidents and other incidents have occurred and may occur from time to time, which could subject us to claims and liabilities. 
 These risks may not be covered by insurance or could involve exposures that exceed the limits of any applicable insurance policy. Incidents in connection with one of our games or an event hosted by MSG Entertainment at The Garden could also reduce attendance at our other games, and may have a negative impact on our revenue and results of operations. Under the Arena License Agreements, MSG Entertainment and the Company have reciprocal indemnity obligations to each other in connection with their respective acts or omissions in or about The Garden during the home games of the Knicks and the Rangers. We, the NBA, and the NHL maintain insurance policies that provide coverage for incidents in the ordinary course of business, but there can be no assurance that such indemnities or insurance will be adequate at all times and in all circumstances. 
 From time to time, the Company, its subsidiaries and/or our affiliates are involved in various legal proceedings, including proceedings or lawsuits brought by governmental agencies, stockholders, customers, employees, other private parties and other stakeholders. The outcome of litigation is inherently unpredictable and, regardless of the merits of the claims, litigation may be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations and distracting to management. In addition, publicity from these matters could negatively impact our business or reputation, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity. As a result, we may incur liability from litigation (including in connection with settling such litigation) which could be material and for which we may not have available or adequate insurance coverage or be subject to other forms of non-monetary relief which may adversely affect the Company. The liabilities and any defense costs we incur in connection with any such litigation could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Corporate Governance Risks 
 We Could Have Significant Tax Liability as a Result of the Sphere Distribution. 
 We have obtained an opinion from Sullivan Cromwell LLP substantially to the effect that, among other things, the Sphere Distribution qualifies as a tax-free distribution under the Internal Revenue Code. The opinion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS or the courts. The opinion relies on factual representations and reasonable assumptions, which if incorrect or inaccurate may jeopardize the ability to rely on such opinion. 
 If the Sphere Distribution does not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then, in general, we would be subject to tax as if we had sold the Sphere Entertainment common stock in a taxable sale for its fair value. Sphere Entertainment stockholders would be subject to tax as if they had received a distribution equal to the fair value of Sphere Entertainment common stock that was distributed to them, which generally would be treated first as a taxable dividend to the extent of our earnings and profits, then as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of each holder s tax basis in its Sphere Entertainment common stock, and thereafter as capital gain with respect to any remaining value. It is expected that the amount of any such taxes to MSG Sphere stockholders and us would be substantial. 
 We May Have a Significant Indemnity Obligation to Sphere Entertainment if the Sphere Distribution Is Treated as a Taxable Transaction. 
 We have entered into a Tax Disaffiliation Agreement with Sphere Entertainment which sets out each party s rights and obligations with respect to deficiencies and refunds, if any, of federal, state, local or foreign taxes for periods before and after the Sphere Distribution and related matters such as the filing of tax returns and the conduct of IRS and other audits. Pursuant to the Tax Disaffiliation Agreement, we are required to indemnify Sphere Entertainment for losses and taxes of Sphere Entertainment resulting from our breach of certain covenants and for certain taxable gain recognized by MSG Sphere, including as a result of certain acquisitions of our stock or assets. If we are required to indemnify Sphere Entertainment under the circumstances set forth in the Tax Disaffiliation Agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities, which could adversely affect our financial position. 
 We are Controlled by the Dolan Family. As a Result of Their Control, the Dolan Family Has the Ability to Prevent or Cause a Change in Control or Approve, Prevent or Influence Certain Actions by the Company. 
 We have two classes of common stock: 
 Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share Class A Common Stock ), which is entitled to one vote per share and is entitled collectively to elect 25 of our Board of Directors; and 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Class B Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share Class B Common Stock ), which is entitled to ten votes per share and is entitled collectively to elect the remaining 75 of our Board of Directors. 
 As of July 31, 2023, the Dolan family, including trusts for the benefit of members of the Dolan family (collectively, the Dolan Family Group ), collectively own all of our Class B Common Stock, approximately 3.3 of our outstanding Class A Common Stock and approximately 71.0 of the total voting power of all our outstanding common stock (in each case, inclusive of options exercisable and RSUs vesting within 60 days of July 31, 2023). The members of the Dolan Family Group holding Class B Common Stock have executed a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement that has the effect of causing the voting power of the holders of our Class B Common Stock to be cast as a block with respect to all matters to be voted on by holders of Class B Common Stock. Under the Stockholders Agreement, the shares of Class B Common Stock owned by members of the Dolan Family Group (representing all of the outstanding Class B Common Stock) are to be voted on all matters in accordance with the determination of the Dolan Family Committee, except that the decisions of the Dolan Family Committee are non-binding with respect to the Class B Common Stock owned by certain Dolan family trusts that collectively own 40.5 of the outstanding Class B Common Stock Excluded Trust ). The Dolan Family Committee consists of Charles F. Dolan and his six children, James L. Dolan, Thomas C. Dolan, Patrick F. Dolan, Kathleen M. Dolan, Marianne Dolan Weber and Deborah A. Dolan-Sweeney. The Dolan Family Committee generally acts by majority vote, except that approval of a going-private transaction must be approved by a two-thirds vote and approval of a change-in-control transaction must be approved by not less than all but one vote. The voting members of the Dolan Family Committee are James L. Dolan, Thomas C. Dolan, Kathleen M. Dolan, Marianne Dolan Weber and Deborah A. Dolan-Sweeney, with each member having one vote other than James L. Dolan, who has two votes. Because James L. Dolan has two votes, he has the ability to block Dolan Family Committee approval of any Company change in control transaction. Shares of Class B Common Stock owned by Excluded Trusts are to be voted on all matters in accordance with the determination of the Excluded Trusts holding a majority of the Class B Common Stock held by all Excluded Trusts, except in the case of a vote on a going-private transaction or a change in control transaction, in which case a vote of trusts holding two-thirds of the Class B Common Stock owned by Excluded Trusts is required. 
 The Dolan Family Group is able to prevent a change in control of the Company and no person interested in acquiring us would be able to do so without obtaining the consent of the Dolan Family Group. The Dolan Family Group, by virtue of their stock ownership, have the power to elect all of our directors subject to election by holders of Class B Common Stock and are able collectively to control stockholder decisions on matters on which holders of all classes of our common stock vote together as a single class. These matters could include the amendment of some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and the approval of fundamental corporate transactions. 
 In addition, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding shares of the Class B Common Stock, voting separately as a class, is required to approve: 
 the authorization or issuance of any additional shares of Class B Common Stock; and 
 any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of our certificate of incorporation that adversely affects the powers, preferences or rights of the Class B Common Stock. 
 As a result, the Dolan Family Group also has the power to prevent such issuance or amendment. 
 The Dolan Family Group also controls MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and AMC Networks Inc. AMC Networks ). 
 We Have Elected to Be a Controlled Company for NYSE Purposes Which Allows Us Not to Comply with Certain of the Corporate Governance Rules of NYSE. 
 Members of the Dolan Family Group have entered into a Stockholders Agreement relating, among other things, to the voting of their shares of our Class B Common Stock. As a result, we are a controlled company under the corporate governance rules of NYSE. As a controlled company, we have the right to elect not to comply with the corporate governance rules of NYSE requiring: (i) a majority of independent directors on our Board, (ii) an independent corporate governance and nominating committee and (iii) an independent compensation committee. Our Board of Directors has elected for the Company to be treated as a controlled company under NYSE corporate governance rules and not to comply with the NYSE requirement for a majority independent board of directors and for an independent corporate governance and nominating committee because of our status as a controlled company. Nevertheless, our Board of Directors has elected to comply with the NYSE requirement for an independent compensation committee. 
 Future Stock Sales, Including as a Result of the Exercise of Registration Rights by Certain of Our Stockholders, Could Adversely Affect the Trading Price of Our Class A Common Stock. 
 Certain parties have registration rights covering a portion of our shares. We have entered into registration rights agreements with Charles F. Dolan, members of his family, certain Dolan family interests, and the Dolan Family Foundation that provide 
 20 

Table of Contents 

them with demand and piggyback registration rights with respect to approximately 5.2 million shares of Class A Common Stock, including shares issuable upon conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of Class A Common Stock, including sales pursuant to these registration rights, could adversely affect the market price of the Class A Common Stock and could impair our future ability to raise capital through an offering of our equity securities. 
 Transfers and Ownership of Our Common Stock Are Subject to Restrictions Under Rules of the NBA and NHL and Our Certificate of Incorporation Provides Us with Remedies Against Holders Who Do Not Comply with Those Restrictions. 
 The Company is the owner of professional sports franchises in the NBA and NHL. As a result, transfers and ownership of our common stock are subject to certain restrictions under the governing documents of the NBA and NHL as well as the Company s consent and other agreements with the NBA and NHL in connection with their approval of the MSGS Distribution and the Sphere Distribution. These restrictions are described under Description of Capital Stock Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock Transfer Restrictions in Exhibit 4.5 to this annual report on Form 10-K. In order to protect the Company and its NBA and NHL franchises from sanctions that might be imposed by the NBA or NHL as a result of violations of these restrictions, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if a transfer of shares of our common stock to a person or the ownership of shares of our common stock by a person requires approval or other action by a league and such approval or other action was not obtained or taken as required, the Company shall have the right by written notice to the holder to require the holder to dispose of the shares of common stock which triggered the need for such approval. If a holder fails to comply with such a notice, in addition to any other remedies that may be available, the Company may redeem the shares at 85 of the fair market value of those shares. 
 We Share Certain Directors, Officers and Employees with MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and/or AMC Networks, Which Means Those Officers and Directors Do Not Devote Their Full Time and Attention to Our Affairs and the Overlap May Give Rise to Conflicts. 
 Our Executive Chairman, James L. Dolan, also serves as the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment and as Non-Executive Chairman of AMC Networks and our Executive Vice President, David Granville-Smith, also serves as the Executive Vice President of Sphere Entertainment and AMC Networks. Our President and Chief Operating Officer, David Hopkinson, also provides sponsorship-related services to MSG Entertainment, for which the Company is fully reimbursed. In addition, one of our directors, Charles F. Dolan, is the Chairman Emeritus of AMC Networks and a director of MSG Entertainment and Sphere Entertainment. Furthermore, nine members of our Board of Directors (including James L. Dolan and Charles F. Dolan) are also directors of MSG Entertainment, ten members of our Board of Directors (including James L. Dolan and Charles F. Dolan) are also directors of Sphere Entertainment and six members of our Board of Directors (including James L. Dolan and Charles F. Dolan) are also directors of AMC Networks. Our Vice Chairman, Gregg G. Seibert, also serves as the Vice Chairman of MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and AMC Networks. Further, our Senior Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Secretary, Mark C. Cresitello, also serves as Secretary of Sphere Entertainment. As a result, these individuals do not devote their full time and attention to the Company s affairs. The overlapping directors, officers and employees may have actual or apparent conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting each company. For example, the potential for a conflict of interest exists when we on the one hand, and MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and/or AMC Networks on the other hand, look at certain acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable for more than one of the companies. Also, conflicts may arise if there are issues or disputes under the commercial arrangements that exist between MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment or AMC Networks and us. In addition, certain of our directors, officers and employees hold MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and/or AMC Networks stock, stock options and/or restricted stock units. These ownership interests could create actual, apparent or potential conflicts of interest when these individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the Company and MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment or AMC Networks. See Certain Relationships and Potential Conflicts of Interest in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2023 for a discussion of certain procedures we instituted to help ameliorate such potential conflicts with MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and/or AMC Networks that may arise. 
 Our Overlapping Directors and Executive Officers with MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and/or AMC Networks May Result in the Diversion of Corporate Opportunities to MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and/or AMC Networks and Other Conflicts and Provisions in Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation May Provide Us No Remedy in That Circumstance. 
 The Company acknowledges that directors and officers of the Company may also be serving as directors, officers, employees, consultants or agents of MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and/or AMC Networks and their respective subsidiaries and that the Company may engage in material business transactions with such entities. The Company s Board of Directors has adopted resolutions putting in place policies and arrangements whereby the Company has renounced its rights to certain business opportunities and no director or officer of the Company who is also serving as a director, officer, employee, consultant or agent of MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and/or AMC Networks and their subsidiaries will be liable to the 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Company or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise occur by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain limited types of opportunities set forth in such policies) to MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and/or AMC Networks or any of their subsidiaries instead of the Company, or does not refer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunities to the Company. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We license The Garden, which has a maximum capacity of approximately 19,800 seats for New York Knicks games and approximately 18,000 seats for New York Rangers games, from MSG Entertainment in New York City pursuant to the Arena License Agreements. 
 We own the Madison Square Garden Training Center in Greenburgh, NY with approximately 114,000 square feet of space. In addition, until April 2023 we leased the CLG Performance Center in Los Angeles, CA with approximately 8,000 square feet. 
 The Company is party to a Sublease Agreement with MSG Entertainment for office space of approximately 47,000 square feet housing the Company s administrative and executive offices at Two Pennsylvania Plaza in New York City. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits. Although the outcome of these lawsuits cannot be predicted with certainty (including the extent of available insurance, if any), management does not believe that resolution of these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share Class A Common Stock ), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol MSGS. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the relative performance of our Class A Common Stock, the Russell 3000 Index and the Bloomberg Americas Entertainment Index. This graph covers the period from June 30, 2018 through June 30, 2023. The comparison assumes an investment of 100 on June 30, 2018 and reinvestment of dividends. The Sphere Distribution is treated as a reinvestment of a special dividend pursuant to SEC rules. The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 

6/30/18 6/30/19 6/30/20 6/30/21 6/30/22 6/30/23 Madison Square Garden Company Sports Corp. 100.00 90.25 66.41 78.02 68.27 89.00 Russell 3000 Index 
 100.00 108.98 116.10 167.37 114.17 171.49 Bloomberg Americas Entertainment Index 
 100.00 110.35 89.68 206.40 109.09 129.16 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 As of June 30, 2023, there were 569 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock. There is no public trading market for our Class B Common Stock, par value .01 per share Class B Common Stock ). As of June 30, 2023, there were 16 holders of record of our Class B Common Stock. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

On October 6, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of 7.00 per share, which was paid on October 31, 2022 to stockholders to record as of October 17, 2022. Any decisions regarding the payment of future dividends on our common stock will be made by our Board of Directors from time to time in accordance with applicable law, and there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in the future. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had approximately 185 million remaining under the 525 million Class A Common Stock share repurchase program authorized by the Company s Board of Directors on September 11, 2015. Under the authorization, shares of Class A Common Stock may be purchased from time to time in open market or private transactions, block trades or such other manner as the Company may determine, in accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations, with the timing and amount of purchases depending on market conditions and other factors. The Company has been funding and expects to continue to fund stock repurchases through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated by operations and available borrowing capacity under its existing credit facilities. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company did not engage in any share repurchase activity under its share repurchase program. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by Item 201(d) is incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year end. 
 
 Item 6. (Reserved) 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this MD A, there are statements concerning the future operating and future financial performance of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, we, us, our, MSG Sports, or the Company ). Words such as expects, anticipates, believes, estimates, may, will, should, could, potential, continue, intends, plans, and similar words and terms used in the discussion of future operating and future financial performance identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, results or events and involve risks and uncertainties and that actual results or developments may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Factors that may cause such differences to occur include, but are not limited to: 
 the level of our revenues, which depends in part on the popularity and competitiveness of our sports teams; 
 costs associated with player injuries, waivers or contract terminations of players and other team personnel; 
 changes in professional sports teams compensation, including the impact of signing free agents and executing trades, subject to league salary caps and the impact of luxury tax; 
 general economic conditions, especially in the New York City metropolitan area; 
 the demand for sponsorship arrangements and for advertising; 
 competition, for example, from other teams, and other sports and entertainment options; 
 changes in laws, National Basketball Association NBA )or National Hockey League NHL rules, regulations, guidelines, bulletins, directives, policies and agreements, including the leagues respective collective bargaining agreements (each, a CBA with their players associations, salary caps, escrow requirements, revenue sharing, NBA luxury tax thresholds and media rights, or other regulations under which we operate; 
 the performance by our affiliates of their obligations under various agreements with the Company, including the potential for financial difficulties that may impact MSG Networks Inc. MSG Networks 
 a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic or public health emergency, and our ability to effectively manage the impacts, including labor market disruptions; 
 any NBA, NHL or other work stoppage; 
 any economic, political or other actions, such as boycotts, protests, work stoppages or campaigns by labor organizations; 
 seasonal fluctuations and other variation in our operating results and cash flow from period to period; 
 the level of our expenses, including our corporate expenses; 
 business, reputational and litigation risk if there is a security incident resulting in loss, disclosure or misappropriation of stored personal information or other breaches of our information security; 
 activities or other developments that discourage or may discourage congregation at prominent places of public assembly, including The Garden where the home games of the New York Knickerbockers (the Knicks and the New York Rangers (the Rangers are played; 
 a default by our subsidiaries under their respective credit facilities; 
 the acquisition or disposition of assets or businesses and/or the impact of, and our ability to successfully pursue, acquisitions or other strategic transactions; 
 our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions or new businesses into our operations; 
 the operating and financial performance of our strategic acquisitions and investments, including those we may not control; 
 the impact of governmental regulations or laws, including changes in how those regulations and laws are interpreted and the continued benefit of certain tax exemptions (including for The Garden) and the ability for us and Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. MSG Entertainment to maintain necessary permits or licenses; 
 the impact of any government plans to redesign New York City s Pennsylvania Station; 
 business, economic, reputational and other risks associated with, and the outcome of, litigation and other proceedings; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

financial community and rating agency perceptions of our business, operations, financial condition and the industry in which we operate; 
 certain restrictions on transfer and ownership of our common stock related to our ownership of professional sports franchises in the NBA and NHL; 
 the tax-free treatment of the Sphere Distribution (as defined below) and; 
 the factors described under Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We disclaim any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements contained herein, except as otherwise required by applicable federal securities laws. 
 
 All dollar amounts included in the following MD A are presented in thousands, except as otherwise noted. 
 Sphere Distribution 
 On April 17, 2020 (the Sphere Distribution Date ), the Company distributed all of the outstanding common stock of Sphere Entertainment Co. (formerly Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. and referred to herein as Sphere Entertainment to its stockholders (the Sphere Distribution ). Prior to the MSGE Distribution (as defined below), Sphere Entertainment owned, directly or indirectly, the entertainment business previously owned and operated by the Company through its MSG Entertainment business segment and the sports booking business previously owned and operated by the Company through its MSG Sports business segment. Subsequent to the Sphere Distribution, the Company no longer consolidates the financial results of Sphere Entertainment for purposes of its own financial reporting. 
 After giving effect to the Sphere Distribution, the Company operates and reports financial information in one segment. 
 On April 20, 2023 (the MSGE Distribution Date ), Sphere Entertainment distributed approximately 67 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (formerly MSGE Spinco, Inc. and referred to herein as MSG Entertainment to its stockholders (the MSGE Distribution ). All agreements between the Company and MSG Entertainment described herein were between the Company and Sphere Entertainment prior to the MSGE Distribution (except agreements entered into after the MSGE Distribution). 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and MSG Networks refer to such entity, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 Introduction 
 MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations . 
 Our MD A is organized as follows: 
 Business Overview. This section provides a general description of our business, as well as other matters that we believe are important in understanding our results of operations and financial condition and in anticipating future trends. 
 Results of Operations. This section provides an analysis of our results of operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. For the comparison of our results of operations for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 18, 2022. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. This section provides a discussion of our financial condition, as well as an analysis of our cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 . The discussion of our financial condition and liquidity includes summaries of (i) our primary sources of liquidity and (ii) our contractual obligations and off balance sheet arrangements that existed at June 30, 2023. 
 Seasonality of Our Business. This section discusses the seasonal performance of the Company . 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Critical Accounting Policies. This section includes a discussion of accounting policies considered to be important to our financial condition and results of operations and which require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application . In addition, all of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies, are discussed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Business Overview 
 The Company owns and operates a portfolio of assets featuring some of the most recognized teams in all of sports, including the Knicks of the NBA and the Rangers of the NHL. Both the Knicks and the Rangers play their home games at The Garden. The Company s other professional sports franchises include two development league teams the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League and the Westchester Knicks of the NBA G League. Our professional sports franchises are collectively referred to herein as our sports teams. In addition, the Company previously owned a controlling interest in Counter Logic Gaming CLG ), a North American esports organization. In April 2023, the Company sold its controlling interest in CLG to Hard Carry Gaming Inc. NRG ), a professional gaming and entertainment company, in exchange for a noncontrolling equity interest in the combined NRG/CLG company. CLG and the sports teams are collectively referred to herein as the teams. The Company also operates a professional sports team performance center the Madison Square Garden Training Center in Greenburgh, NY. 
 Revenue Sources 
 We earn revenue from several primary sources: ticket sales and a portion of suite rental fees at The Garden, our share of distributions from NHL and NBA league-wide national and international television contracts and other league-wide revenue sources, venue signage and other sponsorships, food and beverage sales at The Garden and merchandising . We also earn substantial fees from MSG Networks for the local media rights to telecast the games of our sports teams . The amount of revenue we earn is influenced by many factors, including the popularity and on-court or on-ice performance of our sports teams and general economic and health and safety conditions. In particular, when our sports teams have strong on-court and on-ice performance, we benefit from increased demand for tickets and premium hospitality, potentially greater food and merchandise sales from increased attendance and increased sponsorship opportunities. When our sports teams qualify for the playoffs, we also benefit from the attendance and in-game spending at the playoff games. The year-to-year impact of team performance is somewhat moderated by the fact that a significant portion of our revenue derives from media rights fees, suite rental fees and sponsorship and signage revenue, all of which are generally contracted on a multi-year basis. Nevertheless, the long-term performance of our business is tied to the success and popularity of our sports teams. In addition, due to the NBA and NHL playing seasons, revenues from our business are typically concentrated in the second and third quarters of each fiscal year. 
 Ticket Sales and Facility and Ticketing Fees 
 Ticket sales have historically constituted our largest single source of revenue . Tickets to our sports teams home games are sold through season tickets (full and partial plans), which are typically held by long-term season ticket members, through group sales, and through single-game tickets, which are purchased by fans either individually or in multi-game packages . We generally review and set the price of our tickets before the start of each team s season. However, we dynamically price our individual tickets based on opponent, seat location, day of the week and other factors. We do not earn revenue from ticket sales for games played by our teams at their opponents arenas. 
 We also earn revenues in the form of certain fees added to ticket prices, which currently include a facility fee the Company charges on tickets it sells to our sports teams games, except for season tickets. 
 Media Rights 
 We earn revenue from the licensing of media rights for our sports teams home and away games and also through the receipt of our share of fees paid for league-wide media rights, which are awarded under contracts negotiated and administered by each league. 
 The Company and MSG Networks are parties to media rights agreements covering the local telecast rights for the Knicks and the Rangers . 
 National and international telecast arrangements differ by league . Fees paid by telecasters under these arrangements are pooled by each league and then generally shared equally among all teams. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Suites and Clubs 
 We earn revenue through the sale of suite and premium club licenses at The Garden, which are generally sold by MSG Entertainment to corporate customers pursuant to multi-year licenses. Under standard licenses, the licensees pay an annual license fee, which varies depending on the location and type of the suite or club. The license fee includes, for each seat in the suite or club, tickets for our home games and other events at The Garden that are presented by MSG Entertainment for which tickets are sold to the general public, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, suite holders separately pay for food and beverage service in their suites at The Garden. Food and non-alcoholic beverage service is included in the annual license fee paid by club members. 
 Because suite and club licenses cover both our games and events that MSG Entertainment presents at The Garden, suite and club rental revenue is shared between us and MSG Entertainment under the Arena License Agreements (as defined below). Pursuant to the Arena Licenses Agreements, the Knicks and the Rangers are entitled to 35 and 32.5 , respectively, of the revenues received by MSG Entertainment in connection with suite and club licenses. 
 Sponsorships and Signage 
 We earn revenues through the sale of sponsorships and signage specific to the teams . Sales of team specific signage generally involve the sale of advertising space within The Garden during our sports teams home games and include the sale of signage on the ice and on the boards of the hockey rink during Rangers games, courtside during Knicks games, and/or on the various scoreboards and display panels at The Garden, as well as virtual signage during Knicks and Rangers broadcasts . We offer both television camera-visible and non-camera-visible signage space. We also earn a portion of revenues through MSG Entertainment s sale of venue indoor signage space and sponsorship rights at The Garden that are not specific to our teams pursuant to the Arena License Agreements. 
 Sponsorship rights generally require the use of the name, logos and other trademarks of a sponsor in the advertising and in promotions for The Garden in general or our teams specifically during our sports events . Sponsorship arrangements may be exclusive within a particular sponsorship category or non-exclusive and generally permit a sponsor to use the name, logos and other trademarks of our teams and, in the case of sponsorship arrangements shared with MSG Entertainment, MSG Entertainment s venues and brands in connection with their own advertising and in promotions in The Garden or in the community. 
 Food, Beverage and Merchandise Sales 
 We earn revenues from the sale of food and beverages during our sports teams games at The Garden . In addition to concession-style sales of food and beverages, which represent the majority of food and beverage revenues, The Garden also provides higher-end dining at premium clubs as well as catering for suites. Pursuant to the Arena License Agreements, the Knicks and the Rangers receive 50 of net profits from the sales of food and beverages during their games at The Garden. 
 We also earn revenues from the sale of our sports teams merchandise both through the in-venue and online sale of items bearing the logos or other marks of our teams and through our share of sports league distributions of royalties and other revenues from the sports leagues licensing of team and sports league trademarks, which are generally shared equally among the teams in the sports leagues . Pursuant to the Arena License Agreements, the Knicks and the Rangers pay MSG Entertainment a commission equal to 30 of revenues from the sales of their merchandise at The Garden. 
 Other 
 Amounts collected for ticket sales, suite licenses and clubs, sponsorships and venue signage in advance of an event are recorded as deferred revenue and are recognized as revenues when earned. 
 Expenses 
 The most significant expenses are player and other team personnel salaries and charges for transactions relating to players for career-ending and season-ending injuries, trades, and waivers and contract termination costs of players and other team personnel, including team executives. We also incur costs for travel, player insurance, league operating assessments (including a 6 NBA assessment on regular season ticket sales), NBA and NHL revenue sharing and, when applicable, NBA luxury tax. 
 In addition, we are party to long term leases with MSG Entertainment that end June 30, 2055 that allow the Knicks and the Rangers to play their home games at The Garden (the Arena License Agreements ). The Arena License Agreements provide for fixed payments to be made from inception through June 30, 2055 in 12 equal installments during each year of the contractual term. The contracted license fee for the first full contract year ending June 30, 2021 was approximately 22,500 for the Knicks and approximately 16,700 for the Rangers, and then for each subsequent year, the license fees are 103 of the license fees for the immediately preceding contract year. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Player Salaries, Escrow System/Revenue Sharing and NBA Luxury Tax 
 The amount we pay an individual player is typically determined by negotiation between the player (typically represented by an agent) and us, and is generally influenced by the player s past performance, the amounts paid to players with comparable past performance by other sports teams, the NBA luxury tax and restrictions in the CBAs, including the salary floors and caps. The leagues CBAs typically contain restrictions on when players may move between league clubs following expiration of their contracts and what rights their current and former clubs have. 
 NBA CBA. On April 26, 2023, the NBA and the National Basketball Players Association NBPA announced that a new seven-year CBA had been ratified by the NBA Board of Governors and the NBA players. The new NBA CBA expires after the 2029-30 season, but each of the NBA and the NBPA has the right to terminate the CBA effective following the 2028-29 season. The new CBA includes certain changes to certain league rules and regulations, including revised luxury tax rates which will become effective with the 2025-26 season. 
 The NBA CBA contains a salary floor (i.e., a floor on each team s aggregate player salaries with a requirement that the team pay any deficiency to the players on its roster) and a soft salary cap (i.e., a cap on each team s aggregate player salaries but with certain exceptions that enable teams to pay players more, sometimes substantially more, than the cap). 
 NBA Luxury Tax. Amounts in this paragraph are in thousands, except for luxury tax rates. The NBA CBA generally provides for a luxury tax that is applicable to all teams with aggregate player salaries exceeding a threshold that is set prior to each season based upon projected league-wide revenues (as defined under the NBA CBA). The luxury tax rates for teams with aggregate player salaries above such threshold start at 1.50 for each 1.00 of team salary above the threshold up to 5,000 and scale up to 3.25 for each 1.00 of team salary that is from 15,000 to 20,000 over the threshold, and an additional tax rate increment of 0.50 applies for each additional 5,000 (or part thereof) of team salary in excess of 20,000 over the threshold. In addition, for teams that are taxpayers in at least three of four previous seasons, the above tax rates are increased by 1.00 for each increment. Fifty percent of the aggregate luxury tax payments is a funding source for the revenue sharing plan (described below) and the remaining 50 of such payments is distributed in equal shares to non-taxpaying teams. For the 2022-23 and 2021-22 seasons, the Knicks were not a luxury tax payer and we recorded approximately 15,074 and 10,457, respectively, of luxury tax proceeds from tax-paying teams. Tax obligations for years beyond the 2022-23 season will be subject to contractual player payroll obligations and corresponding NBA luxury tax thresholds. The Company recognizes the estimated amount associated with luxury tax expense or the amount it expects to receive as a non-tax paying team, if applicable, on a straight-line basis over the NBA regular season as a component of direct operating expenses. The revised luxury tax rates will become effective with the 2025-26 season. 
 NBA Escrow System/Revenue Sharing . The NBA CBA also provides that players collectively receive a designated percentage of league-wide revenues (net of certain direct expenses) as compensation (approximately 49 to 51 ), and the teams retain the remainder. The percentage of league-wide revenues paid as compensation and retained by the teams does not apply evenly across all teams and, accordingly, the Company may pay its players a higher or lower percentage of the Knicks revenues than other NBA teams. 
 During the 2020-21 season a new Ten-and-Spread escrow system was put in place. Under the Ten-and-Spread system, based upon league-wide revenues, aggregate player compensation will be reduced by up to 10 of each player s salary. If, for a particular season, compensation reductions in excess of 10 are needed, the excess will be divided by three and recouped via reductions to players compensation over the same season, and the subsequent two seasons. The reduction of players salary for any one season is capped at 20 and carried over to the subsequent season as additional compensation reductions. Each team is entitled to receive an equal one-thirtieth share of the compensation reductions up to 10 and the excess above 10 is allocated in proportion to each team s player payroll. This system was in place until the new CBA took effect on July 1, 2023. 
 The NBA also has a revenue sharing plan that generally requires the distribution of a pool of funds to teams with below-average net revenues (as defined in the plan), subject to reduction or elimination based on individual team market size and profitability. The plan is funded by a combination of disproportionate contributions from teams with above-average net revenues, subject to certain profit-based limits (each as defined in the plan); 50 of aggregate league-wide luxury tax proceeds (see above); and collective league sources, if necessary. Additional amounts may also be distributed on a discretionary basis, funded by assessments on playoff ticket revenues and through collective league sources and are recorded as revenues from league distributions. 
 Our net provisions for revenue sharing, net of escrow, for the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately 21,458. The actual amounts for the 2022-23 season may vary significantly from the recorded provision based on actual operating results for the league and all NBA teams for the season and other factors. 
 NHL CBA. The current NHL CBA expires after the 2025-26 season (with the possibility of a one-year extension in certain circumstances). The NHL CBA provides for a salary floor (i.e., a floor on each team s aggregate player salaries) and a hard salary cap (i.e., teams may not exceed a stated maximum, which is adjusted each season based upon league-wide revenues). 
 29 

Table of Contents 

NHL Escrow System/Revenue Sharing. The NHL CBA provides that each season the players receive as player compensation 50 of that season s league-wide revenues. Because the aggregate amount to be paid to the players is based upon league-wide revenues and not on a team-by-team basis, the Company may pay its players a higher or lower percentage of the Rangers revenues than other NHL teams pay of their own revenues. In order to implement the escrow system, NHL teams withhold a portion of each player s salary and contribute the withheld amounts to an escrow account . If the league s aggregate player compensation for a season exceeds the designated percentage (50 of that season s league-wide revenues, the excess is retained by the league. Any such excess funds are distributed to all teams. In addition, the NHL CBA limits the amount of deductions to be withheld from player salaries each year. If annual escrow deductions from player salaries are insufficient to limit league-wide player salaries to 50 of that season s league-wide revenues, any shortfall will be carried forward to future seasons and remain due from the players to the league. 
 The NHL CBA also provides for a revenue sharing plan. The plan generally requires the distribution of a pool of funds approximating 6.055 of league-wide revenues to certain qualifying lower-revenue teams and is funded as follows: (a) 50 from contributions by the top ten revenue earning teams (based on preseason and regular season revenues, net of arena costs) in accordance with a formula; (b) then from payments by teams participating in the playoffs, with each team contributing 35 of its gate receipts for each home playoff game (although this provision was waived for the 2020-21 season); and (c) the remainder from centrally-generated NHL sources . Our net provisions for revenue sharing, net of escrow, for the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately 41,075. The actual amounts for the 2022-23 season may vary significantly from the recorded provision based on actual operating results for the league and all NHL teams for the season and other factors. 
 Other Team Operating Expenses 
 Our teams also pay expenses associated with day-to-day operations, including for travel, equipment maintenance and player insurance. Direct variable day-of-event costs incurred at The Garden, such as the costs of front-of-house and back-of-house staff, including electricians, laborers, box office staff, ushers, security, and event production, are charged to the Company. 
 In addition, our team operating expenses include operating costs of the Company s training center in Greenburgh, NY. The operation of the Hartford Wolf Pack is reported as a net Rangers player development expense. 
 As members of the NBA and NHL, the Knicks and the Rangers, respectively, are also subject to league assessments. The governing bodies of each league determine the amount of each season s league assessments that are required from each member team. The NBA imposes on each team a 6 assessment on regular season ticket revenue. 
 We also incur costs associated with VIP amenities provided to certain ticket holders. 
 Other Expenses 
 Other expenses primarily include Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses that consist of administrative costs, including compensation, professional fees, and costs related to the Company s services agreement with MSGE Entertainment, as well as sales and marketing costs, including fees related to the Company s sponsorship sales and service representation agreements with MSG Entertainment. 
 Factors Affecting Operating Results 
 General 
 Our operating results are largely dependent on the continued popularity and/or on-court or on-ice competitiveness of our Knicks and Rangers teams, which have a direct effect on ticket sales for the teams home games and are each team s largest single source of revenue. As with other sports teams, the competitive positions of our sports teams depend primarily on our ability to develop, obtain and retain talented players, for which we compete with other professional sports teams. A significant factor in our ability to attract and retain talented players is player compensation. The Company s operating results reflect the impact of high costs for player salaries (including NBA luxury tax, if any) and salaries of non-player team personnel . In addition, we have incurred significant charges for costs associated with transactions relating to players on our sports teams for season-ending and career-ending injuries and for trades, waivers and contract terminations of players and other team personnel, including team executives . Waiver and termination costs reflect our efforts to improve the competitiveness of our sports teams . These transactions can result in significant charges as the Company recognizes the estimated ultimate costs of these events in the period in which they occur, although amounts due to these individuals are generally paid over their remaining contract terms . For example, the expense for these items was 4,412, and 737 for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively . These expenses add to the volatility of our operating results . We expect to continue to pursue opportunities to improve the overall quality of our sports teams and our efforts may result in continued significant expenses and charges . Such expenses and charges may result in future operating losses although it is not possible to predict their timing or amount. Our performance has been, and may in the future be, impacted by work stoppages. See Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Economic and Business Relationship Risks Labor Matters May Have a Material Negative Effect on Our Business and Results of Operations . 
 30 

Table of Contents 

In addition to our future performance being dependent upon the continued popularity and/or on-court or on-ice competitiveness of our Knicks and Rangers teams, it is also dependent on general economic conditions, in particular those in the New York City metropolitan area, and the effect of these conditions on our customers. An economic downturn could adversely affect our business and results of operations as it may lead to lower demand for suite licenses and tickets to the games of our sports teams, which would also negatively affect merchandise and concession sales, as well as decrease levels of sponsorship and venue signage revenues. In addition, remote and/or hybrid in-office work arrangements in the New York City metropolitan area resulting from COVID-19 or another pandemic or public health emergency could result in reduced attendance at Knicks and Rangers games. 
 Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business 
 During fiscal years 2020 and 2021, COVID-19 disruptions materially impacted the Company s revenues and the Company recognized materially less revenues, or in some cases, no revenues, across a number of areas. 
 In fiscal year 2022, the Company s operations and operating results were also impacted by temporary declines in attendance due to ongoing reduced tourism levels as well as an increase in COVID-19 cases during certain months of the fiscal year. 
 It is unclear to what extent COVID-19, including variants thereof, or another pandemic or public health emergency, could result in renewed governmental and/or league restrictions on attendance or otherwise impact attendance of games at The Garden, demand for our sponsorship, tickets and other premium inventory or otherwise impact the Company s operations and operating results. Any such impacts could materially adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors Sports Business Risks Our Operations and Operating Results Were Materially Impacted by the COVID-19 Pandemic and Government and League Actions Taken in Response, and a Resurgence of the Pandemic or Another Pandemic or Public Health Emergency Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Year Ended June 30, 2023 versus the Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 The table below sets forth, for the periods presented, certain historical financial information. 
 Years Ended June 30, Change 2023 2022 Amount Percentage Revenues 887,447 821,354 66,093 8 Direct operating expenses 548,811 500,564 48,247 10 Selling, general and administrative expenses 249,885 229,668 20,217 9 Depreciation and amortization 3,577 5,042 (1,465) (29) Operating income 85,174 86,080 (906) (1) Other income (expense): Interest expense, net (20,492) (11,422) (9,070) (79) Miscellaneous income (expense), net 25,239 (726) 25,965 NM Income before income taxes 89,921 73,932 15,989 22 Income tax expense (44,293) (25,052) (19,241) (77) Net income 45,628 48,880 (3,252) (7) Less: Net loss attributable to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests (2,165) (2,251) 86 4 Net income attributable to Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. s stockholders 47,793 51,131 (3,338) (7) 
 
 NM Percentage is not meaningful 
 Revenues 
 Revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased 66,093, or 8 , to 887,447 as compared to the prior year. The net increase is attributable to the following: 
 Increase in pre/regular season ticket-related revenues 33,335 Increase in suite revenues 15,237 Increase in sponsorship and signage revenues 9,545 Increase in revenues from local media rights fees 9,303 Increase in pre/regular season food, beverage and merchandise sales 6,086 Decrease in playoff related revenues (8,625) Decrease in revenues from league distributions (211) Other net increases 1,423 66,093 
 The increase in pre/regular season ticket-related revenues was primarily due to higher average per-game revenue. 
 The increase in suite revenues was primarily due to higher net sales of suite products. 
 The increase in sponsorship and signage revenues was primarily due to higher net sales of existing sponsorship and signage inventory and sales of new sponsorship and signage inventory. 
 The increase in revenues from local media rights fees was primarily due to contractual rate increases. 
 The increase in pre/regular season food, beverage and merchandise sales was primarily due to higher average Knicks and Rangers per-game revenue and higher online sales of merchandise. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

The decrease in playoff related revenues was primarily due to the Rangers playing fewer home playoff games at The Garden as compared to the prior year. The Rangers played ten home playoff games at The Garden in the prior year as the team advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals, resulting in higher per-game revenue in the prior year, as compared to three home playoff games during the current year. This decrease was partially offset by the Knicks playing five home playoff games at The Garden in the current year as the team advanced to the second round of the playoffs as compared to not qualifying for the playoffs in the prior year. 
 The decrease in revenues from league distributions was primarily due to lower other league distributions, partially offset by increased national media rights fees in the current year. 
 Direct operating expenses 
 Direct operating expenses generally include: 
 compensation expense for our sports teams players and certain other team personnel; 
 arena license fees recognized as operating lease costs associated with the Knicks and the Rangers playing home games at The Garden; 
 cost of team personnel transactions for waivers/contract termination costs, trades, and season-ending player injuries (net of anticipated insurance recoveries) of players and other team personnel; 
 NBA and NHL revenue sharing (net of escrow and excluding playoffs) and NBA luxury tax receipts; 
 Other team operating expenses including variable day-of-event costs, operating costs of the Company s training center, and league assessments; and 
 the cost of merchandise sales. 
 Direct operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased 48,247, or 10 , to 548,811 as compared to the prior year. The net increase is attributable to the following: 
 Increase in team personnel compensation 56,040 Increase in other team operating expenses 8,260 Increase in pre/regular season expense associated with merchandise sales 3,743 Increase in net provisions for certain team personnel transactions 2,085 Decrease in net provisions for league revenue sharing expense (net of escrow and excluding playoffs) and NBA luxury tax (21,340) Decrease in playoff related expenses (541) 48,247 
 The increase in team personnel compensation was primarily due to the impact of roster changes for the Knicks and the Rangers. 
 The increase in other team operating expenses was primarily a result of higher average per-game expenses. Other team operating expenses primarily consists of league assessments and expenses associated with day-to-day operations, including variable day-of-event costs incurred at The Garden, team travel and player insurance. 
 The increase in pre/regular season expense associated with merchandise sales was primarily related to higher merchandise sales as a result of higher average Knicks and Rangers per-game revenue and higher online sales of merchandise. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Net provisions for certain team personnel transactions were as follows: 
 Years Ended June 30, Increase (Decrease) 2023 2022 Waivers/contract terminations 3,269 731 2,538 Player trades 1,143 (1,066) 2,209 Season-ending player injuries 2,662 (2,662) Net provisions for certain team personnel transactions 4,412 2,327 2,085 
 Net provisions for league revenue sharing expense (net of escrow and excluding playoffs) and NBA luxury tax were as follows: 
 Years Ended June 30, Decrease 2023 2022 Net provisions for league revenue sharing expense (net of escrow and excluding playoffs) and NBA luxury tax 
 36,503 57,843 (21,340) 
 The decrease in net provisions for league revenue sharing expense (net of escrow and excluding playoffs) and NBA luxury tax was primarily due to (i) lower provisions for league revenue sharing expense (net of escrow and excluding playoffs) of 12,642, (ii) higher recoveries of NBA luxury tax in the current year, and (iii) the net impact of adjustments to prior seasons revenue sharing expense (net of escrow and excluding playoffs). 
 The Knicks were not a luxury tax payer for the 2021-22 or 2022-23 seasons and, therefore, received an equal share of the portion of luxury tax receipts that were distributed to non-tax paying teams. 
 The actual amounts for the 2022-23 seasons may vary significantly from the recorded provisions based on actual operating results for each league and all teams within each league for the season and other factors. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of (i) administrative costs, including compensation, professional fees and costs under the Company s services agreement with MSG Entertainment, (ii) fees related to the Company s sponsorship sales and service representation agreements, and (iii) sales and marketing costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses generally do not fluctuate in line with changes in the Company s revenues and direct operating expenses. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased 20,217, or 9 , to 249,885 as compared to the prior year primarily due to (i) higher employee compensation and related benefits of 10,195, including the net impact of executive management transition costs, (ii) an increase in sales and marketing costs of 5,205, (iii) an increase in professional fees of 2,133, and (iv) higher fees related to the Company s sponsorship sales and service representation agreements with MSG Entertainment of 1,451, partially offset by lower costs related to the Company s services agreement with MSG Entertainment of 2,324. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization for the year ended June 30, 2023 decreased 1,465, or 29 , to 3,577 as compared to the prior year. 
 Operating income 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, operating income decreased 906, or 1 , to 85,174 as compared to the prior year. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to higher direct operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by higher revenues and to a lesser extent, lower depreciation and amortization. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Net interest expense increased 9,070, or 79 , to 20,492 as compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to higher average interest rates in the current year causing increased interest expense under the Knicks and the Rangers revolving credit facilities. The increase was partially offset by (i) higher interest income due to increased interest rates in the current year, (ii) lower average borrowings under the Rangers revolving credit facility in the current year as compared to the prior year, and (iii) the acceleration of previously incurred financing costs that were recognized in the prior year as a result of the Company terminating the 2020 Knicks Holdings Revolving Credit Facility. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Miscellaneous income (expense), net 
 Miscellaneous income (expense), improved 25,965 as compared to the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to the recognition of unrealized gains related to the Company s investments in Xtract One common stock and warrants in the current year. 
 Income taxes 
 Income tax expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 of 44,293 differs from the income tax expense derived from applying the statutory federal rate of 21 to pretax income primarily due to state and local tax expense of 15,066, nondeductible officers compensation of 5,238, a change in the estimated tax rate used to determine deferred taxes of 1,788, and nondeductible disability insurance premiums expense of 1,227. 
 Income tax expense for the year ended June 30, 2022 of 25,052 differs from the income tax expense derived from applying the statutory federal rate of 21 to pretax income primarily due to state and local tax expense of 8,763 and nondeductible officers compensation of 5,156, partially offset by a change in the estimated tax rate used to determine deferred taxes of 3,191 and return to provision adjustments of 2,476. 
 See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details on the components of income tax and a reconciliation of the statutory federal rate to the effective tax rate. 
 Adjusted operating income 
 The Company has amended the definition of adjusted operating income so that the impact of the non-cash portion of operating lease costs related to the Company s Arena License Agreements with MSG Entertainment is no longer excluded in all periods presented. 
 The Company evaluates performance based on several factors, of which the key financial measure is operating income (loss) excluding (i) depreciation, amortization and impairments of property and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets, (ii) share-based compensation expense or benefit, (iii) restructuring charges or credits, (iv) gains or losses on sales or dispositions of businesses, (v) the impact of purchase accounting adjustments related to business acquisitions, and (vi) gains and losses related to the remeasurement of liabilities under the Company s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, which is referred to as adjusted operating income (loss), a non-GAAP measure. 
 Management believes that the exclusion of share-based compensation expense or benefit allows investors to better track the performance of the Company s business without regard to the settlement of an obligation that is not expected to be made in cash. In addition, management believes that the exclusion of gains and losses related to the remeasurement of liabilities under the Company s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan provides investors with a clearer picture of the Company s operating performance given that, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), gains and losses related to the remeasurement of liabilities under the Company s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan are recognized in Operating income (loss) whereas gains and losses related to the remeasurement of the assets under the Company s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, which are equal to and therefore fully offset the gains and losses related to the remeasurement of liabilities, are recognized in Miscellaneous income (expense), net, which is not reflected in Operating income (loss). 
 The Company believes adjusted operating income (loss) is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operating performance of the Company. Adjusted operating income (loss) and similar measures with similar titles are common performance measures used by investors and analysts to analyze the Company s performance. The Company uses revenues and adjusted operating income (loss) measures as the most important indicators of its business performance and evaluates management s effectiveness with specific reference to these indicators. 
 Adjusted operating income (loss) should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss), cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, and other measures of performance and/or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Since adjusted operating income (loss) is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures with similar titles used by other companies. The Company has presented the components that reconcile operating income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to adjusted operating income (loss). 
 35 

Table of Contents 

The following is a reconciliation of operating income to adjusted operating income: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Change Percentage Operating income 85,174 86,080 (906) (1) Depreciation and amortization 3,577 5,042 Share-based compensation 25,203 24,245 Remeasurement of deferred compensation plan liabilities 
 1,091 (461) Adjusted operating income (a) 
 115,045 114,906 139 NM _________________ 
 (a) The Company has amended the definition of adjusted operating income so that the impact of the non-cash portion of operating lease costs related to the Company s Arena License Agreements with MSG Entertainment is no longer excluded. Pursuant to GAAP, recognition of operating lease costs is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement based upon the value of total future payments under the arrangement. As a result, operating lease costs is comprised of a contractual cash component plus or minus a non-cash component for each period presented. Adjusted operating income includes operating lease costs of (i) 41,524 and 40,314 of expense paid in cash for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and (ii) a non-cash expense of 26,096 and 27,305, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, adjusted operating income increased 139 to 115,045 as compared to the prior year. The increase in adjusted operating income was primarily due to higher revenues, offset by higher direct operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations and available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the 2021 Knicks Credit Agreement, 2021 Rangers Credit Agreement, and 2021 Rangers NHL Advance Agreement (each as defined therein). 
 Our principal uses of cash include the operation of our businesses, working capital-related items, the repayment of outstanding debt, repurchases of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, including 75,000 under the ASR (as defined below), dividends, if declared, and investments. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had 40,398 in Cash and cash equivalents. In addition, as of June 30, 2023, the Company s deferred revenue obligations were 147,561, net of billed, but not yet collected deferred revenue. The current portion of this balance is primarily comprised of obligations in connection with tickets and suites. In addition, the Company s deferred revenue obligations included 24,833 from the NBA which the league provided to each team. 
 We regularly monitor and assess our ability to meet our net funding and investing requirements. The decisions of the Company as to the use of its available liquidity will be based upon the ongoing review of the funding needs of the business, management s view of a favorable allocation of cash resources, and the timing of cash flow generation. To the extent the Company desires to access alternative sources of funding through the capital and credit markets, restrictions imposed by the NBA and NHL and challenging U.S. and global economic and market conditions could adversely impact its ability to do so at that time. 
 We believe we have sufficient liquidity, including approximately 40,398 in Cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2023, along with 230,000 of additional available borrowing capacity under existing credit facilities, to fund our operations and satisfy any obligations, for the foreseeable future. In addition, on July 10, 2023, the Company borrowed an additional 25,000 under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Financing Agreements and Stock Repurchases 
 See Note 13 and Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussions of the Company s debt obligations and various financing agreements, and the Company s stock repurchases, respectively. 
 Special Dividend and Accelerated Share Repurchase 
 On October 6, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a one-time cash dividend of 7.00 per share (the Special Dividend ), which was paid on October 31, 2022 to stockholders of record as of October 17, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023 , the Company made payments of 170,923 related to the Special Dividend. 
 On October 6, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a 75,000 accelerated share repurchase ASR program under the Company s existing share repurchase authorization. On October 28, 2022, the Company entered into a 75,000 ASR agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JP Morgan ). Pursuant to the ASR agreement, the Company made a payment of 75,000 to JP Morgan and JP Morgan delivered 388,777 initial shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company on November 1, 2022, representing 80 of the total shares expected to be repurchased under the ASR (determined based on the closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock of 154.33 on October 28, 2022). The ASR was completed on January 31, 2023, with JP Morgan delivering 67,681 additional shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company upon final settlement. The average purchase price per share for shares of Class A Common Stock purchased by the Company pursuant to the ASR was 164.31. 

37 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flow Discussion 
 The following table summarizes the Company s cash flow activities for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Net income 45,628 48,880 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 20,571 56,061 Changes in working capital assets and liabilities 86,274 73,115 Net cash provided by operating activities 152,473 178,056 Net cash used in investing activities (17,759) (2,932) Net cash used in financing activities (185,273) (156,142) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (50,559) 18,982 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 decreased by 25,583 to 152,473 as compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in net income adjusted for non-cash items, partially offset by the impact of changes in working capital assets and liabilities. The changes in working capital assets and liabilities were primarily driven by (i) lower Net related party receivables of 32,618, due to the timing of collections related to the Company s Arena License Agreements, (ii) increased accrued and other liabilities of 28,806, primarily due to the timing of payments and recognition for compensation and (iii) an increase in deferred revenue of 6,818 primarily due to higher collections of ticket sales. These changes are partially offset by (i) increased Accounts receivable, net of 20,981 primarily due to collections of league related receivables, including escrow and player compensation recoveries, luxury tax, and league distributions related to prior NBA and NHL seasons in the prior year, (ii) lower Net related party payables of 16,434 due to the timing of payments related to the Company s services agreement and employee matters agreements, (iii) lower Accounts payable of 11,028 due to the timing of payments and (iv) increased payments for Investments of 7,382 related to the Company s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 14,827 to 17,759 as compared to the prior year primarily due to higher purchases of investments in the current year and to a lesser extent, cash balances disposed of as part of the sale of CLG in the current year. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 29,131 to 185,273 as compared to the prior year primarily due to the payment of the Special Dividend and the ASR in the current year, partially offset by additional net borrowings under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility and the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility in the current year as compared to the prior year. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations and Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Future cash payments required under contracts entered into by the Company in the normal course of business as of June 30, 2023 are summarized in the following table: 
 Payments Due by Period Total Year 1 Years 2-3 Years 4-5 More Than 5 Years Off balance sheet arrangements (a) 
 671,385 200,561 341,220 97,690 31,914 Contractual obligations reflected on the balance sheet: Short-term debt (b) 
 30,000 30,000 Leases (c) 
 2,306,023 51,577 103,836 108,435 2,042,175 Long-term debt (d) 
 295,000 295,000 Contractual obligations (e) 
 126,341 104,683 9,135 4,984 7,539 2,757,364 186,260 112,971 408,419 2,049,714 Total (f) 
 3,428,749 386,821 454,191 506,109 2,081,628 
 _________________ 
 (a) Contractual obligations not reflected on the balance sheet consist principally of the Company s obligations under employment agreements that the Company has with certain of its professional sports teams personnel where services are to be performed in future periods and that are generally guaranteed regardless of employee injury or termination. 
 (b) Consists of amounts under the 2021 Rangers NHL Advance Agreement. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 (c) Includes contractually obligated minimum license fees under the Arena License Agreement, which fees are characterized as lease payments for operating leases having an initial noncancelable term in excess of one year under GAAP. These commitments are presented exclusive of the imputed interest used to reflect the payment s present value. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on the contractual obligations related to future lease payments, which are reflected on the consolidated balance sheet as lease liabilities as of June 30, 2023. 
 (d) Consists of amounts drawn under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility and 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 (e) Contractual obligations reflected on the balance sheet consist principally of the Company s obligations under employment agreements that the Company has with certain of its professional sports teams personnel where services have been fully performed and that are being paid on a deferred basis. 
 (f) Pension obligations have been excluded from the table above as the timing of the future cash payments is uncertain. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on the Company s pension obligations. 
 
 Seasonality of Our Business 
 The Company s dependence on revenues from its NBA and NHL sports teams generally means that it earns a disproportionate share of its revenues in the second and third quarters of the Company s fiscal year, which is when the majority of the teams games are played. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Critical Accounting Policies 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates and the underlying assumptions affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported, disclosures about contingent assets and liabilities, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Management believes its use of estimates in the consolidated financial statements to be reasonable. The significant accounting policies which we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include the following: 
 Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations 
 The Company has contracts with customers, including multi-year sponsorship agreements, that contain multiple performance obligations. Payment terms for such arrangements can vary by contract, but payments are generally due in installments throughout the contractual term. The performance obligations included in each sponsorship agreement vary and may include various advertising benefits such as, but not limited to, signage, digital advertising, and event or property specific advertising, as well as non-advertising benefits such as suite licenses and event tickets. To the extent the Company s multi-year arrangements provide for performance obligations that are consistent over the multi-year contractual term, such performance obligations generally meet the definition of a series as provided for under the accounting guidance. If performance obligations meet the definition of a series, the contractual fees for all years during the contract term are aggregated and the related revenue is recognized proportionately as the underlying performance obligations are satisfied. 
 The timing of revenue recognition for each performance obligation is dependent upon the facts and circumstances surrounding the Company s satisfaction of its respective performance obligation. The Company allocates the transaction price for such arrangements to each performance obligation within the arrangement based on the estimated relative standalone selling price of the performance obligation. The Company s process for determining its estimated standalone selling prices involves management s judgment and considers multiple factors including company specific and market specific factors that may vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation. Key factors considered by the Company in developing an estimated standalone selling price for its performance obligations include, but are not limited to, prices charged for similar performance obligations, the Company s ongoing pricing strategy and policies, and consideration of pricing of similar performance obligations sold in other arrangements with multiple performance obligations. 
 The Company may incur costs such as commissions to obtain its multi-year sponsorship agreements. The Company assesses such costs for capitalization on a contract by contract basis. To the extent costs are capitalized, the Company estimates the useful life of the related contract asset which may be the underlying contract term or the estimated customer life depending on the facts and circumstances surrounding the contract. The contract asset is amortized over the estimated useful life. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived and Indefinite-Lived Assets 
 The Company s long-lived and indefinite-lived assets accounted for approximately 27 of the Company s consolidated total assets as of June 30, 2023 and consisted of the following: 
 Goodwill 226,523 Indefinite-lived intangible assets 103,644 Property and equipment, net 30,501 360,668 
 In assessing the recoverability of the Company s long-lived and indefinite-lived assets, the Company must make estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets. These estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on whether an impairment charge is recognized and also the magnitude of any such charge. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant information. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve significant uncertainties and judgments and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. If these estimates or material related assumptions change in the future, the Company may be required to record impairment charges related to its long-lived and/or indefinite-lived assets. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is tested annually for impairment as of August 31 st and at any time upon the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances. The Company performs its goodwill impairment test at the reporting unit level, which is the same as or one level below the operating segment level. The Company has one operating and reportable segment, and for the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had one reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. 
 The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if an impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. If the Company can support the conclusion that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company would not need to perform a quantitative impairment test for that reporting unit. If the 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Company cannot support such a conclusion or the Company does not elect to perform the qualitative assessment, the first step of the goodwill impairment test is used to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. The estimates of the fair value of the Company s reporting units are primarily determined using discounted cash flows and comparable market transactions. These valuations are based on estimates and assumptions including projected future cash flows, discount rates, determination of appropriate market comparables and the determination of whether a premium or discount should be applied to comparables. Significant judgments inherent in a discounted cash flow analysis include the selection of the appropriate discount rate, the estimate of the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and identification of appropriate continuing growth rate assumptions. The discount rates used in the analysis are intended to reflect the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows. The amount of an impairment loss is measured as the amount by which a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value determined in step one, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. The second step of the goodwill impairment test compared the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeded the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss was recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The implied fair value of goodwill was determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill that would be recognized in a business combination. 
 The Company elected to perform the qualitative assessment of impairment for the Company s reporting unit for the fiscal year 2023 impairment test. These assessments considered factors such as: 
 macroeconomic conditions; 
 industry and market considerations; 
 market capitalization; 
 cost factors; 
 overall financial performance of the reporting unit; 
 other relevant company-specific factors such as changes in management, strategy or customers; and 
 relevant reporting unit specific events such as changes in the carrying amount of net assets. 
 The Company performed its most recent annual impairment test of goodwill during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, and there was no impairment of goodwill. Based on this impairment test, the Company concluded it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. 
 Identifiable Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 Identifiable indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment as of August 31 st and at any time upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances. The following table sets forth the amount of identifiable indefinite-lived intangible assets reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2023: 
 Sports franchises 102,564 Photographic related rights 1,080 103,644 
 The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if an impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. In the qualitative assessment, the Company must evaluate the totality of qualitative factors, including any recent fair value measurements, that impact whether an indefinite-lived intangible asset other than goodwill has a carrying amount that more likely than not exceeds its fair value. The Company must proceed to conducting a quantitative analysis, if the Company (i) determines that such an impairment is more likely than not to exist, or (ii) forgoes the qualitative assessment entirely. Under the quantitative assessment, the impairment test for identifiable indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For all periods presented, the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment of impairment for the indefinite-lived intangible assets. These assessments considered the events and circumstances that could affect the significant inputs used to determine the fair value of the intangible asset. Examples of such events and circumstances include: 
 cost factors; 
 financial performance; 
 legal, regulatory, contractual, business or other factors; 
 other relevant company-specific factors such as changes in management, strategy or customers; 
 industry and market considerations; and 
 41 

Table of Contents 

macroeconomic conditions. 
 The Company performed its most recent annual impairment test of identifiable indefinite-lived intangible assets during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, and there were no impairments identified. Based on this impairment test, the Company concluded it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets was less than their carrying amount. 
 Lease Accounting 
 The Company s leases primarily consist of the lease of the Company s corporate offices under the Sublease Agreement with MSG Entertainment (the Sublease Agreement for our principal executive offices at Two Pennsylvania Plaza in New York, the lease of the CLG Performance Center until April 2023, and an aircraft lease entered into in June 2023. In, addition, the Company accounts for the rights of use of The Garden pursuant to the Arena License Agreements as leases under the Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases. The Company determines whether an arrangement contains a lease at the inception of the arrangement. If a lease is determined to exist, the lease term is assessed based on the date when the underlying asset is made available for the Company s use by the lessor. The Company s assessment of the lease term reflects the non-cancelable term of the lease, inclusive of any rent-free periods and/or periods covered by early-termination options which the Company is reasonably certain not to exercise, as well as periods covered by renewal options which the Company is reasonably certain of exercising. The Company also determines lease classification as either operating or finance at lease commencement, which governs the pattern of expense recognition and the presentation reflected in the consolidated statements of operations over the lease term. 
 For leases with a term exceeding 12 months, a lease liability is recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at lease commencement reflecting the present value of the fixed minimum payment obligations over the lease term. A corresponding right of use ROU asset equal to the initial lease liability is also recorded, adjusted for any prepaid rent and/or initial direct costs incurred in connection with execution of the lease and reduced by any lease incentives received. 
 The Company includes fixed payment obligations related to non-lease components in the measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities, as the Company has elected to account for lease and non-lease components together as a single lease component. ROU assets associated with finance leases, if any, are presented separate from operating leases ROU assets and are included within Property and equipment, net on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. For purposes of measuring the present value of the Company s fixed payment obligations for a given lease, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate, determined based on information available at lease commencement, as rates implicit in the underlying leasing arrangements are typically not readily determinable. The Company s incremental borrowing rate reflects the rate it would pay to borrow on a secured basis and incorporates the term and economic environment surrounding the associated lease. 
 We are party to a sublease agreement with MSG Entertainment (the Sublease Agreement for our principal executive offices at Two Pennsylvania Plaza in New York. The Sublease Agreement ROU assets and liabilities are recorded on the balance sheet at lease commencement based on the present value of minimum base rent and other fixed payments over the reasonably certain lease term. 
 In November 2021, Sphere Entertainment entered into a new lease for principal executive offices at Two Pennsylvania Plaza in New York, which was assigned to MSG Entertainment in connection with the MSGE Distribution (the New MSGE Lease Agreement ). In accordance with the terms of the Sublease Agreement and the New MSGE Lease Agreement, the lease term of the Sublease Agreement was extended until October 31, 2024. The Company has accounted for this extension as a lease remeasurement and remeasured the right-of-use asset and operating lease liability utilizing the Company s incremental borrowing rate as of the date of remeasurement. 
 In accordance with the terms of the Sublease Agreement, the Company has committed to enter into a new sublease agreement with MSG Entertainment for a lease term equivalent to the New MSGE Lease Agreement term, which ends January 31, 2046. In addition, in connection with the New MSGE Lease Agreement, the Company has entered into a commitment whereby if the New MSGE Lease Agreement were terminated under certain circumstances, the Company would be required to enter into a new lease for executive offices in Two Pennsylvania Plaza directly with the landlord, with a consistent lease term through January 31, 2046. As the Company has not yet entered into a new sublease for or taken possession of the new executive office space at Two Pennsylvania Plaza, no additional right-of-use assets or operating lease liabilities have been recorded as of June 30, 2023 related to the commitments discussed above. 
 In addition, we are party to long term leases with MSG Entertainment that end June 30, 2055 that allow the Knicks and the Rangers to play their home games at The Garden. The Arena License Agreements provide for fixed payments to be made from inception through June 30, 2055 in 12 equal installments during each year of the contractual term. The contracted license fee for the first full contract year ending June 30, 2021 was approximately 22,500 for the Knicks and approximately 16,700 for the Rangers, and then for each subsequent year, the license fees are 103 of the license fees for the immediately preceding contract year. 
 At the time of the Sphere Distribution, The Garden was not available for use due to the government-mandated suspension of events in response to COVID-19, and was only available at reduced capacity beginning in December 2020 through May 2021. As 
 42 

Table of Contents 

a result, the Company was not required to pay license fees under the Arena License Agreements until games resumed at The Garden, and the Company paid substantially reduced fees while attendance was limited. Effective July 1, 2021, the Company began paying license fees under the Arena License Agreements in their full contractual amounts. 
 The Knicks and the Rangers are entitled to use The Garden on home game days, which are usually nonconsecutive, for a pre-defined period of time before and after the game. In evaluating the Company s lease cost, the Company considered the timing of payments throughout the lease terms and the nonconsecutive periods of use, provided for within each license. While payments are made throughout the contract year in twelve equal installments under each arrangement, the periods of use only span each of the individual team event days. As such, the Company concluded that the related straight-line operating lease costs should be recorded by each team equally over each team s individual event days. 
 As part of Arena License Agreements, we recognized license fees which are characterized as operating lease liabilities and ROU assets. We measured the lease liabilities at the present value of the future lease payments as of April 17, 2020 and remeasured the lease liabilities during the period that The Garden was not available for use as discussed above. We use our incremental borrowing rates based on the remaining lease term to determine the present value of future lease payments. Our incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of interest we would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments under similar terms. 
 Our incremental borrowing rate is calculated as the weighted average risk-free rate plus a spread to reflect our current unsecured credit rating. We subsequently measure the lease liability at the present value of the future lease payments as of the reporting date with a corresponding adjustment to the right-to-use asset. Absent a lease modification we will continue to utilize the April 17, 2020 incremental borrowing rate. 
 In June 2023, the Company entered into a lease agreement for an aircraft with a term through December 30, 2031. The lease ROU asset and liability were recorded in the Company s accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2023 based on the present value of minimum lease fixed payments over the lease term utilizing the Company s incremental borrowing rate as of the lease commencement date. 
 Estimation of the incremental borrowing rate requires judgment by management and reflects an assessment of credit standing to derive an implied secured credit rating and corresponding yield curve. Changes in management s estimates of discount rate assumptions could result in a significant overstatement or understatement of ROU assets or lease liabilities, resulting in an adverse impact to MSG Sports financial position. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our leases. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We have potential interest rate risk exposure related to outstanding borrowings incurred under our credit facilities. Changes in interest rates may increase interest expense payments with respect to any borrowings incurred under the credit facilities. 
 Borrowings under our credit facilities incur interest, depending on our election, at a floating rate based upon SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment, the U.S. Federal Funds Rate or the U.S. Prime Rate, plus, in each case, a fixed spread. If appropriate, we may seek to reduce such exposure through the use of interest rate swaps or similar instruments. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our credit facilities. As of June 30, 2023, we had a total of 295 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facilities. The effect of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in floating interest rates prevailing as of June 30, 2023 and continuing for a full year would increase interest expense approximately 3.0 million. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The Financial Statements required by this Item 8 appear beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and are incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including our Executive Chairman (our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Executive Chairman and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of June 30, 2023 the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s Executive Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information relating to our directors, executive officers and corporate governance will be included in the proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information relating to executive compensation will be included in the proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information relating to the beneficial ownership of our common stock will be included in the proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information relating to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be included in the proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information relating to principal accountant fees and services will be included in the proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Page No. The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. The financial statements as indicated in the index set forth on page 
 F- 1 
 2. Financial statement schedule: Schedule supporting consolidated financial statements: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 50 
 Schedules other than that listed above have been omitted, since they are either not applicable, not required or the information is included elsewhere herein. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 
 EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 2. 1 
 Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2020). 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2015). 
 3.2 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp., dated April 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2020). 
 3.3 
 Amended By-Laws of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2020). 
 4.1 
 Transfer Consent Agreement, dated September 28, 2015 with the NBA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed on August 19, 2016). 
 4.2 
 Transfer Consent Agreement, dated September 28, 2015 with the NHL (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed on August 19, 2016). 
 4.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2015, by and among Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) and The Charles F. Dolan Children Trusts (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2015). 
 4.4 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2015, by and among Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) and The Dolan Family Affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2015). 
 4.5 
 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 19, 2021). 
 10 .1 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated September 11, 2015, by and between MSG Networks Inc. and Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on September 11, 2015). 
 10. 2 
 Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) 2015 Employee Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed on August 19, 2016). 
 10. 3 
 Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) 2015 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed on August 19, 2016). 
 10. 4 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) and its Directors and Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 24, 2015). 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 10. 5 
 Form of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) Non-Employee Director Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 24, 2015). 
 10. 6 
 Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2021). 
 10.7 
 Form of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) Restricted Stock Units Agreement (2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 20, 2019). 
 10. 8 
 Form of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) Performance Restricted Stock Units Agreement (2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019 filed on August 20, 2019). 
 10. 9 
 Form of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2017 filed on February 8, 2018). 
 10.1 0 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Units Agreement Under the 2015 Employee Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2023). 
 10.11 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement Under the 2015 Employee Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2023). 
 10.12 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement Under the 2015 Employee Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2023). 
 10.1 3 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 17, 2021, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and Victoria M. Mink (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2021). 
 10.1 4 
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 16, 2021, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and Andrew Lustgarten (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2021). 
 
 10.15 
 E mployment Agreement dated as of December 27, 2021 between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and James L. Dolan, as amended and restated as of April 20, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2023). 
 10.16 
 Employment Agreement dated as of March 17, 2022, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and Jamaal Lesane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 5, 2022). 
 10.17 
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 9, 2022, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and David Hopkinson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2022). 
 10.18 
 Employment Agreement dated as of June 15, 2023, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and David Granville-Smith. 
 10.19 
 Employment Agreement dated as of April 25, 2023 between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and Alex Shvartsman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2023). 
 10. 20 
 Option Agreement, dated December 15, 2017, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) and Andrew Lustgarten (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2017). 
 10. 21 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, by and among New York Knicks, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 10. 22 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2021, by and among New York Knicks, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2021). 

47 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 10. 23 
 Security Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016, between New York Knicks, LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2016). 
 10.2 4 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, by and among New York Rangers, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 10.2 5 
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of March 19, 2021, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2017, by and among New York Rangers, LLC, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 filed on May 6, 2021). 
 10.2 6 
 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2021, by and among New York Rangers, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2021). 
 10.2 7 
 Security Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2017, between New York Rangers, LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2017). 
 10.2 8 
 Contribution Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp., MSG Entertainment Group, LLC and Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2020). 
 10.2 9 
 Tax Disaffiliation Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) and Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (formerly, MSG Entertainment Spinco, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2020). 
 10. 30 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated March 31, 2020, between Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (formerly, The Madison Square Garden Company) and Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (formerly, MSG Entertainment Spinco, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2020). 
 10. 31 
 Arena License Agreement, dated April 15, 2020, between MSG Arena, LLC and New York Knicks, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2020 filed on August 31, 2020). 
 10.3 2 
 Arena License Agreement, dated April 15, 2020, between MSG Arena, LLC and New York Rangers, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2020 filed on August 31, 2020). 
 10.3 3 
 NBA Transaction Agreement, dated April 15, 2020, with the NBA and Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (formerly, MSG Entertainment Spinco, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2020 filed on August 31, 2020). 
 10.3 4 
 NHL Transaction Agreement, dated April 15, 2020, with the NHL and Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (formerly, MSG Entertainment Spinco, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.72 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2020 filed on August 31, 2020). 
 10.35 
 Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. Policy Concerning Certain Matters Relating to Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp., Sphere Entertainment Co. and AMC Networks Inc., including Responsibilities of Overlapping Directors and Officers. 
 10.3 6 
 Sponsorship Sales and Service Representation Agreement, dated April 15, 2020, between Knicks Holdings, LLC and MSG Entertainment Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.76 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2020 filed on August 31, 2020). 
 10.3 7 
 Sponsorship Sales and Service Representation Agreement, dated April 15, 2020, between New York Rangers, LLC and MSG Entertainment Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2020 filed on August 31, 2020). 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23. 1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 24.1 
 Powers of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 31.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 32.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following materials from Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and included in Exhibit 101). 
 _________________ 
 Certain confidential information, identified by bracketed asterisks [ ] has been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful to the Company if publicly disclosed. 
 Furnished herewith. These exhibits shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibits shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 This exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 The Company has elected not to provide summary information. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance ) ) ) ) Year ended June 30, 2022 Allowance for doubtful accounts Deferred tax valuation allowance Year ended June 30, 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Deferred tax valuation allowance ) ) (a) 
 ) ) 
 _________________ 
 (a) 

50 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 17 th day of August 2023. 
 Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. By: / s / VICTORIA M. MINK 
 Name: Victoria M. Mink Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Victoria M. Mink, Jamaal Lesane and Mark C. Cresitello, and each of them, as such person s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person in such person s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this report, and file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ JAMES L. DOLAN Executive Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) and Director August 17, 2023 James L. Dolan / s / VICTORIA M. MINK 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) and Treasurer August 17, 2023 Victoria M. Mink / s / ALEXANDER SHVARTSMAN 
 Senior Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer August 17, 2023 Alexander Shvartsman / s / CHARLES F. DOLAN 
 Director August 17, 2023 Charles F. Dolan / s / CHARLES P. DOLAN 
 Director August 17, 2023 Charles P. Dolan 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Name Title Date / s / MARIANNE DOLAN WEBER 
 Director August 17, 2023 Marianne Dolan Weber /s/ PAUL J. DOLAN Director August 17, 2023 Paul J. Dolan / s / QUENTIN F. DOLAN 
 Director August 17, 2023 Quentin F. Dolan /s/ RYAN T. DOLAN Director August 17, 2023 Ryan T. Dolan / s / THOMAS C. DOLAN 
 Director August 17, 2023 Thomas C. Dolan / s / JOSEPH M. COHEN 
 Director August 17, 2023 Joseph M. Cohen /s/ ANDREW LUSTGARTEN Director August 17, 2023 Andrew Lustgarten /s/ STEPHEN C. MILLS Director August 17, 2023 Stephen C. Mills / s / RICHARD D. PARSONS 
 Director August 17, 2023 Richard D. Parsons / s / NELSON PELTZ 
 Director August 17, 2023 Nelson Peltz / s / ALAN D. SCHWARTZ 
 Director August 17, 2023 Alan D. Schwartz / s / IVAN SEIDENBERG 
 Director August 17, 2023 Ivan Seidenberg / s / BRIAN G. SWEENEY 
 Director August 17, 2023 Brian G. Sweeney / s / VINCENT TESE 
 Director August 17, 2023 Vincent Tese /s/ ANTHONY J. VINCIQUERRA Director August 17, 2023 Anthony J. Vinciquerra 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Deloitte Touche LLP, New York, NY, Auditor Firm ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 11 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 14 

F - 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and equity, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and the consolidated financial statement Schedule II listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Related Party Transactions Refer to Note 17 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Dolan family, including trusts for the benefit of members of the Dolan family (collectively, the Dolan Family Group) is the majority beneficial owner of the Company, Sphere Entertainment Co., Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp., and AMC Networks, Inc. In addition, there are or have been certain overlapping directors and executive officers between the companies. Each of these companies has been identified as a related party at June 30, 2023. The Company has entered into a number of transactions with related parties, including, but not limited to agreements for use of the Madison Square Garden Arena, media rights, sales and service representation, team sponsorship allocation, sublease of office space, and other services, as well as certain shared executive support costs for the Company s Executive Chairman, the Company s Vice Chairman, the Company s Executive Vice President and previously, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer. 
 We identified the evaluation of the Company s identification of related parties and related party transactions as a critical audit matter. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s procedures performed to identify related parties and related party transactions of the Company. 
 
 F - 2 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s identification of related parties and related party transactions included the following: 
 We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s related party process, including controls over the identification of the Company s related party relationships and transactions, the authorization and approval of transactions with related parties, the allocation of revenues and operating expenses among related parties, and the accounting, classification and disclosure of relationships and transactions with related parties in the financial statements; 
 Inquired with executive officers including the Company s internal legal counsel, key members of management, including non-finance and non-accounting personnel, and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors regarding related party relationships and transactions; 
 Read agreements and contracts with and between related parties and, in certain cases third parties, and evaluated whether authorization and approvals were obtained and the terms and other information about transactions are consistent with explanations from inquiries and other audit evidence obtained about the business purpose of the transactions; 
 With the assistance of our data specialists, we analyzed the general ledger detail to identify potential undisclosed transactions with related parties; 
 Compared the Company s reconciliation of applicable accounts to related parties records of transactions and balances; 
 For new or amended revenue arrangements among related parties, evaluated the reasonableness of management s allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation identified in the arrangement; 
 Received confirmations from related parties, and, in certain cases third parties, and compared responses to the Company s records; 
 Performed the following procedures to identify information related to potential undisclosed transactions between the Company and related parties that may also involve third parties: 
 Read the Company s minutes from meetings of the Board of Directors and related committees of the Board of Directors; 
 Inspected annual compliance questionnaires completed by the Company s directors and officers; 
 Read publicly available sources including the Company s public filings and press releases as well as certain analyst and industry reports; and 
 Listened to or read transcripts of the Company s earnings calls. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 August 17, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 
 F - 3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023 of the Company and our report dated August 17, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 New York, New York 
 August 17, 2023 
 F - 4 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except per share data) June 30, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Net related party receivables Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use lease assets Amortizable intangible assets, net Indefinite-lived intangible assets Goodwill Investments Other assets Total assets See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 5 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) (in thousands, except per share data) June 30, 2023 2022 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Net related party payables Debt Accrued liabilities: Employee related costs League-related accruals Other accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Defined benefit obligations Other employee related costs Deferred tax liabilities, net Deferred revenue, noncurrent Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 12) Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. Stockholders Equity: Class A Common stock, par value , shares authorized; and shares outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Class B Common stock, par value , shares authorized; shares outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized; outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, and shares as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. stockholders equity ) ) Nonredeemable noncontrolling interests Total equity ) ) Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 6 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues (a) 
 Operating expenses: 
 Direct operating expenses (b) 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses (c) 
 Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income 
 Interest expense ) ) ) Miscellaneous income (expense), net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Net loss attributable to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. s stockholders ) Basic earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. s stockholders 
 ) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. s stockholders 
 ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 _______________ 
 (a) , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (c) , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 7 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before income taxes: Benefit plans: Net unamortized gains (losses) arising during the period ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss: 
 Amortization of net actuarial loss included in net periodic benefit cost 
 Settlement loss 
 Other comprehensive income, before income taxes Income tax expense related to items of other comprehensive income ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of income taxes Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. s stockholders ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F - 8 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Provision for (benefit from) deferred income taxes ) Unrealized (gain)/loss on equity investments with readily determinable fair value and warrants ) Provision for (recovery of) doubtful accounts ) Other non-cash adjustments Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Net related party receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Investments ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Net related party payables ) ) Accrued and other liabilities Deferred revenue Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Cash outflow associated with disposal of subsidiary ) Purchases of investments ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 9 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (in thousands) Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from financing activities: Accelerated share repurchase ) Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for equity-based compensation ) ) ) Dividends paid ) Proceeds from NHL advance Proceeds from revolving credit facilities Repayment of revolving credit facility ) ) ) Payments for financing costs ) ) Other financing activities Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash from beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Non-cash investing and financing activities: Capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 10 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. Stockholders Equity 
 Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance as of June 30, 2020 ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation 
 Tax withholding associated with shares issued for equity-based compensation 
 ) ) ) ) Common stock issued under stock incentive plans 
 ) ) Adjustments to noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F - 11 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. Stockholders Equity Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance as of June 30, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income (loss) ) Share-based compensation 
 Tax withholding associated with shares issued for equity-based compensation 
 ) ) ) Common stock issued under stock incentive plans 
 ) ) Adjustments to noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F - 12 

Table of Contents 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. Stockholders Equity 
 Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance as of June 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income (loss) ) Share-based compensation Tax withholding associated with shares issued for equity-based compensation ) ) ) Common stock issued under stock incentive plans ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) ) Accelerated share repurchase ) ) ) ) Adjustments to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 13 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 All amounts included in the following Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in thousands, except per share data or as otherwise noted. 
 
 Note 1. 
 development league teams the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League and the Westchester Knicks of the NBA G League. These professional sports franchises are collectively referred to herein as the sports teams. In addition, the Company previously owned a controlling interest in Counter Logic Gaming CLG ), a North American esports organization. In April 2023, the Company sold its controlling interest in CLG to Hard Carry Gaming Inc. NRG ), a professional gaming and entertainment company, in exchange for a noncontrolling equity interest in the combined NRG/CLG company. CLG and the sports teams are collectively referred to herein as the teams. The Company also operates a professional sports team performance center the Madison Square Garden Training Center in Greenburgh, NY. 
 The Company operates and reports financial information in segment. The Company s decision to organize as operating segment and report in segment is based upon its internal organizational structure; the manner in which its operations are managed; the criteria used by the Company s Executive Chairman, its Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ), to evaluate segment performance. The Company s CODM reviews total company operating results to assess overall performance and allocate resources. 
 The Company was incorporated on March 4, 2015 as an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of MSG Networks Inc. MSG Networks ). All the outstanding common stock of the Company was distributed to MSG Networks shareholders (the MSGS Distribution on September 30, 2015. 
 On April 17, 2020 (the Sphere Distribution Date ), the Company distributed all of the outstanding common stock of Sphere Entertainment Co. (formerly Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. and referred to herein as Sphere Entertainment to its stockholders (the Sphere Distribution ). Prior to the MSGE Distribution (as defined below), Sphere Entertainment owned, directly or indirectly, the entertainment business previously owned and operated by the Company through its MSG Entertainment business segment and the sports booking business previously owned and operated by the Company through its MSG Sports business segment. 
 On July 9, 2021 MSG Networks merged with a subsidiary of Sphere Entertainment and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sphere Entertainment. Accordingly, agreements between the Company and MSG Networks are now effectively agreements with Sphere Entertainment on a consolidated basis. 
 On April 20, 2023 (the MSGE Distribution Date ), Sphere Entertainment distributed approximately of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (formerly MSGE Spinco, Inc. and referred to herein as MSG Entertainment to its stockholders (the MSGE Distribution ). All agreements between the Company and MSG Entertainment described herein were between the Company and Sphere Entertainment prior to the MSGE Distribution (except agreements entered into after the MSGE Distribution). 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to MSG Entertainment, Sphere Entertainment and MSG Networks refer to such entity, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 Reclassifications 
 Certain reclassifications have been made in order to conform to the current period s presentation and relate to the separation of Investments, which was previously reported in Other assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2022 and related reclassifications on the consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 During fiscal years 2020 and 2021, COVID-19 disruptions materially impacted the Company s revenues and the Company recognized materially less revenues, or in some cases, no revenues, across a number of areas. 
 In fiscal year 2022, the Company s operations and operating results were also impacted by temporary declines in attendance due to ongoing reduced tourism levels as well as an increase in COVID-19 cases during certain months of the fiscal year. 
 F - 14 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

Note 2. 

F - 15 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 F - 16 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 and , respectively. 
 League Assessments 
 As members of the NBA and NHL, the Knicks and the Rangers, respectively, are also subject to annual league assessments. The governing bodies of each league determine the amount of each season s league assessments that are required from each member team. The NBA imposes on each team a 6 assessment on regular season ticket revenue. The Company recognizes its teams estimated league assessments on a straight-line basis over the applicable NBA or NHL season. 
 Arena License Expenses 

F - 17 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

Total advertising costs classified in selling, general and administrative expenses were , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F - 18 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

allowance for doubtful accounts as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 F - 19 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 operating and reportable segment and reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. 
 Identifiable indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment as of August 31 st and at any time upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances. The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if an impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. In the qualitative assessment, the Company must evaluate the totality of qualitative factors, including any recent fair value measurements, that impact whether an indefinite-lived intangible asset other than goodwill has a carrying amount that more likely than not exceeds its fair value. The Company must proceed to conducting a quantitative analysis if the Company (i) determines that such an impairment is more likely than not to exist, or (ii) foregoes the qualitative assessment entirely. Under the quantitative assessment, the impairment test for identifiable indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, then an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The Company generally determines the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset using an income approach, such as the relief from royalty method, in instances when it does not perform the qualitative assessment of the intangible asset. 
 For other long-lived assets, including right-of-use lease assets and intangible assets that are amortized, the Company evaluates assets for recoverability when there is an indication of potential impairment. If the undiscounted cash flows from a group of assets being evaluated is less than the carrying value of that group of assets, the fair value of the asset group is determined and the carrying value of the asset group is written down to fair value. The Company generally determines the fair value of a finite-lived intangible asset using an income approach, such as the discounted cash flow method. 
 
 F - 20 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

F - 21 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Note 3. 
 F - 22 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 and , respectively, of the revenues received by MSG Entertainment in connection with suite and club licenses. The Company accounts for the performance obligation under these types of arrangements as a series and, as a result, the related suite license fees for all years during the license term are aggregated and revenue is recognized proportionately over the license period as the Company satisfies the related performance obligation. Progress toward satisfaction of the Company s suite license performance obligations is measured as access to the suite is provided to the licensee throughout the contractual term of the license. For the year ended June 30, 2021, access to suites for Knicks and Rangers games was primarily sold by way of individual tickets, thus minimal suite license revenue was recognized. 
 Event-related revenue also includes food, beverage and merchandise sales which are recognized at the point goods are provided to customers. Payment is received at the point of sale and sales tax collected from customers is excluded from revenue. Pursuant to the Arena License Agreements, the Knicks and the Rangers receive of net profits from the sales of food and beverages during their games at The Garden. 
 In addition to event-related revenue, MSG Sports maintains local media rights arrangements which provide for the licensing of team-related programming to MSG Networks. MSG Sports, pursuant to the terms of the agreements, receives such rights fees in equal monthly installments throughout each license year. The transaction price under these arrangements is variable in nature as certain credit provisions exist to the extent that the sports teams games are unavailable for broadcast during an individual league season. The Company estimates the transaction price at the beginning of each fiscal year, which coincides with the annual contractual term. In estimating the transaction price, the Company considers the contractually agreed upon license fees as well as considerations with respect to the number of games expected to be available for broadcast by MSG Networks over the upcoming year. The resulting transaction price is allocated entirely to the rights provided for the related contract year and revenue is recognized using an output measure of progress toward satisfaction of the Company s performance obligations within the contract year, as the underlying benefits are conveyed to the licensee. 
 The Company s sports teams also derive revenue from the distribution of league-wide national and international television contracts and other league-wide revenue sources. The transaction price for each of these revenues is based upon the expected distribution values as communicated by the applicable league. The timing of revenue recognition is dependent on the nature of the underlying performance obligation, which is generally over time. Receipt of league-wide revenues generally occurs at the time of communication or according to a specified timeline. After suspending the 2019-20 seasons in March 2020 due to COVID-19, the NHL and NBA subsequently restarted their seasons, which were completed in September and October 2020, respectively. As a result, revenue for the year ended June 30, 2021 includes revenue for league distributions that otherwise would have been recognized during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2020. 
 MSG Sports also earns revenues from the sale of advertising in the form of sponsorships and signage, which are not related to any specific event. The Company s performance obligations with respect to this advertising are satisfied as the related benefits are delivered over the term of the respective agreements. 
 
 F - 23 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Media rights (b) 
 Sponsorship, signage and suite licenses League distributions and other Total revenues from contracts with customers 
 _________________ 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Contract Balances 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed receivables, contract assets and contract liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Contract assets, current (b) 
 Deferred revenue, including non-current portion (c) (d) 
 
 _________________ 
 (a) , and , respectively, related to various related parties. See Note 17 for further details on these related party arrangements. Receivables from contracts with customers, net, excludes amounts recorded in Accounts receivable, net, associated with amounts due from the NBA and NHL related to escrow and luxury tax payments. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had receivable balances related to escrow and player compensation recoveries of recorded in Account s receivable, net. As of June 30, 2022, the Company had receivable balances related to escrow and player compensation recover ies of and ,rec o rded in Accounts receivable, net and Other assets, respectively. 
 (b) 
 (c) , and as of June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (d) . Revenue recognized for the year ended June 30, 2022 relating to the deferred revenue balance as of July 1, 2021 was . 
 F - 24 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2026 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2027 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2028 Thereafter 
 
 Note 4. 
 ) Less: Dividends to other-than-common stockholders (a) 
 Net earnings (loss) allocable to common shares, basic and diluted (numerator): ) Weighted-average shares (denominator): 
 Weighted-average shares for basic EPS 
 Dilutive effect of shares issuable under share-based compensation plans 
 Weighted-average shares for diluted EPS 
 Weighted-average shares excluded from diluted earnings (loss) per share Basic earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Madison Square Garden Sports Corp s stockholders ) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Madison Square Garden Sports Corp s stockholders ) 

Note 5. 
 , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F - 25 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Note 6. 
 Restricted cash (a) 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 _________________ 

Note 7. 
 
 The Company is party to a sublease agreement with MSG Entertainment for the Company s principal executive offices at Two Pennsylvania Plaza in New York. The sublease right of use assets and liabilities are recorded on the balance sheet at lease commencement based on the present value of minimum base rent and other fixed payments over the reasonably certain lease term. 
 In November 2021, Sphere Entertainment entered into a new lease for principal executive offices at Two Pennsylvania Plaza in New York, which was assigned to MSG Entertainment in connection with the MSGE Distribution (the New MSGE Lease Agreement ). In accordance with the terms of the Sublease Agreement and the New MSGE Lease Agreement, the lease term of the Sublease Agreement was extended until October 31, 2024. The Company has accounted for this extension as a lease 
 F - 26 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 for the Knicks and approximately for the Rangers, and then for each subsequent year, the license fees are 103 of the license fees for the immediately preceding contract year. 
 At the time of the Sphere Distribution, The Garden was not available for use due to the government-mandated suspension of events in response to COVID-19. As a result, the Company was not required to pay license fees under the Arena License Agreements until games resumed at The Garden. 
 On December 16, 2020 and January 14, 2021, respectively, the Knicks and the Rangers resumed playing their homes games at The Garden as part of their 2020-21 seasons. However, fans were initially prohibited from attending games due to government-mandated assembly restrictions. Effective February 23, 2021, New York venues with at least a 10,000-person capacity were permitted to operate at 10 capacity, and the Knicks and the Rangers began playing games at The Garden with a limited number of fans in attendance on February 23 and 26, 2021, respectively. When games were played at The Garden by the Knicks and the Rangers either without fans in attendance or with limited fans in attendance due to government mandated capacity constraints, the applicable license fees under the Arena License Agreements were substantially reduced. 
 Effective May 19, 2021, event venues such as The Garden were permitted to host guests at full capacity, subject to certain restrictions, including, for example, restrictions for unvaccinated guests. As a result, the Knicks played three home playoff games with ticket sales of approximately - per game during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 
 The Knicks and the Rangers are entitled to use The Garden on home game days, which are usually nonconsecutive, for a pre-defined period of time before and after the game. In evaluating the Company s lease cost, the Company considered the timing of payments throughout the lease terms and the nonconsecutive periods of use, provided for within each license. While payments are made throughout the contract year in twelve equal installments under each arrangement, the periods of use only span each of the individual team event days. As such, the Company concluded that the related straight-line operating lease costs should be recorded by each team equally over each team s individual event days. 
 In June 2023, the Company entered into a lease agreement for an aircraft with a term through December 30, 2031. The lease right of use asset and liability were recorded in the Company s accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2023 based on the present value of minimum lease fixed payments over the lease term utilizing the Company s incremental borrowing rate as of the lease commencement date. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company s existing operating leases, which are recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, have remaining lease terms ranging from months to years. 
 
 F - 27 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Lease liabilities: Operating leases, current (a) 
 Operating lease liabilities, current Operating leases, noncurrent (a) 
 Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Total lease liabilities 
 
 (a) and , respectively, that are payable to MSG Entertainment. As of June 30, 2022, Operating lease liabilities, current and Operating leases liabilities, noncurrent included balances of and , respectively, that were payable to Sphere Entertainment. 
 Operating lease cost Selling, general and administrative expenses Short-term lease cost Direct operating expenses Variable lease cost (a) 
 Direct operating expenses Total lease cost 
 
 (a) 
 Supplemental Information 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was and , respectively. 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities was and , respectively. 
 The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases recorded on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 was years and years, respectively. The weighted average discount rate was and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and represented . 
 F - 28 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2026 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2027 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 Note 8. 
 Buildings Up to years Equipment years to years Furniture and fixtures years to years Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) 
 , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 
 Note 9. 
 impairments of goodwill identified as of the impairment test date. The Company s goodwill is and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease in goodwill was attributable to the Company s disposal of CLG in April 2023. 
 Photographic related rights 
 During the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company performed its annual impairment test of identifiable indefinite-lived intangible assets and determined that there were impairments identified. The decrease in the indefinite-lived intangible assets was attributable to the Company s disposal of CLG in April 2023. 
 F - 29 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

) Non-compete agreements ) Other intangibles ) ) 
 , , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 10. 
 Equity investments with readily determinable fair values: Xtract One Technologies Inc. Xtract One common stock Other equity investments with readily determinable fair values Equity investments without readily determinable fair values (a) 
 Derivative instruments: Xtract One warrants Total investments 
 June 30, 2022 Equity investments with readily determinable fair values: Other equity investments with readily determinable fair values Equity investments without readily determinable fair values (a) 
 Total investments 
 _________________ 
 . 

NRG 
 In April 2023, the Company sold its controlling interest in CLG to NRG, a professional gaming and entertainment company in exchange for a noncontrolling equity interest in the combined NRG/CLG company. The Company received preferred shares representing approximately of the capital stock of NRG. The Company recorded the investment in NRG at fair value as an equity method investment. The Company deconsolidated the CLG business in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2023 and recorded a loss of within Miscellaneous income (expense) , net within the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, the Company s ownership in NRG was approximately . 
 F - 30 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

Other equity investments with readily determinable fair values 
 June 30, 2022 Cost Basis Carrying Value / Fair Value Other equity investments with readily determinable fair values 
 The following table summarizes the realized and unrealized gains on equity investments with readily determinable fair values, recorded within Miscellaneous income (expense), net within the Company s consolidated statement of operations, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The Company did not have any investments in the year ended June 30, 2021, and therefore no gains or losses were recorded. 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Unrealized gain - Xtract One common stock Unrealized gain (loss) - other equity investments with readily determinable fair values ) Realized loss - other equity investments with readily determinable fair values ) ) 

F - 31 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Note 11. 
 Time deposit I Equity investments I Warrants III Total assets measured at fair value 
 Level I Inputs 
 Assets that are classified within Level I of the fair value hierarchy and are valued using observable inputs that reflect quoted prices for identical assets in active markets. The carrying amount of the Company s money market accounts and time deposit approximates fair value due to their short-term maturities. Refer to Note 10 for further details regarding equity investments. 
 Level III Inputs 
 The Company s level III assets consist of warrants entitling the Company to acquire additional common shares of Xtract One. The Company s warrants are included within Investments in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments are measured at each reporting date and are recorded within Miscellaneous income (expense), net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the Company s warrants in Xtract One were determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 years Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate 
 Purchase of warrants Unrealized gains on warrants Balance at ending of period 
 F - 32 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Long-term debt (b) 
 
 _________________ 
 (a) 

Note 12. 
 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2026 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2027 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2028 Thereafter 
 
 _________________ 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 See Note 13 for further details of the outstanding balances under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility, the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility and the 2021 Rangers NHL Advance Agreement (as defined below). 
 
 F - 33 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

Note 13. 
 with a term of (the 2016 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility to fund working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. The 2016 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility would have matured and any unused commitments thereunder would have expired on September 30, 2021. 
 On November 6, 2020, the Company amended and restated the 2016 Knicks Credit Agreement in its entirety (the 2020 Knicks Credit Agreement ). On December 14, 2021, Knicks LLC entered into Amendment No. 2 to the 2020 Knicks Credit Agreement, which amended and restated the 2020 Knicks Credit Agreement (the 2021 Knicks Credit Agreement ). 
 The 2021 Knicks Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to (the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility to fund working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. The maturity date of the 2021 Knicks Credit Agreement is . Amounts borrowed may be distributed to the Company except during an event of default. 
 All borrowings under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility are subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. Borrowings under the 2021 Knicks Credit Agreement bear interest at a floating rate, which at the option of Knicks LLC may be either (i) a base rate plus a margin ranging from to per annum or (ii) term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of per annum plus a margin ranging from to per annum depending on the credit rating applicable to the NBA s league-wide credit facility. Knicks LLC is required to pay a commitment fee ranging from to per annum in respect of the average daily unused commitments under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company borrowed an additional and made principal repayments of under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility. The outstanding balance under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility was as of June 30, 2023, which was recorded as Long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The interest rate on the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility as of June 30, 2023 was . During the year ended June 30, 2023 the Company made interest payments of in respect of the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, on July 10, 2023, the Company borrowed an additional under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Subject to customary notice and minimum amount conditions, Knicks LLC may voluntarily prepay outstanding loans under the 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility at any time, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty (except for customary breakage costs with respect to SOFR-based loans). of qualified revenues. 
 In addition to the financial covenant described above, the 2021 Knicks Credit Agreement and related security agreement contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default. 
 The 2021 Knicks Revolving Credit Facility requires Knicks LLC to comply with a debt service ratio of at least :1.0 over a trailing quarter period. As of June 30, 2023, . 
 F - 34 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 (the 2020 Knicks Holdings Revolving Credit Facility to fund working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. On December 14, 2021, the Company terminated the 2020 Knicks Holdings Revolving Credit Facility in its entirety. 
 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility 
 On January 25, 2017, New York Rangers, LLC Rangers LLC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a credit agreement (the 2017 Rangers Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders providing for a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to with a term of (the 2017 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility to fund working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. The 2017 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility would have matured and any unused commitments thereunder would have expired on January 25, 2022. 
 On November 6, 2020, the Company amended and restated the 2017 Rangers Credit Agreement in its entirety (the 2020 Rangers Credit Agreement ). On December 14, 2021, Rangers LLC entered into Amendment No. 3 to the 2020 Rangers Credit Agreement, which amended and restated the 2020 Rangers Credit Agreement (the 2021 Rangers Credit Agreement ). 
 The 2021 Rangers Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to (the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility to fund working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. The maturity date of the 2021 Rangers Credit Agreement is . Amounts borrowed may be distributed to the Company except during an event of default. 
 All borrowings under the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility are subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. Borrowings under the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a floating rate, which at the option of Rangers LLC may be either (i) a base rate plus a margin ranging from to per annum or (ii) term SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of per annum plus a margin ranging from to per annum depending on the credit rating applicable to the NHL s league-wide credit facility. Rangers LLC is required to pay a commitment fee ranging from to per annum in respect of the average daily unused commitments under the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company borrowed and made principal repayments of under the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility. The outstanding balance under the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility was as of June 30, 2023, which was recorded as Long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The interest rate on the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility as of June 30, 2023 was . During the year ended June 30, 2023 the Company made interest payments of in respect of the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Subject to customary notice and minimum amount conditions, Rangers LLC may voluntarily prepay outstanding loans under the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility at any time, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty (except for customary breakage costs with respect to SOFR-based loans). of the maximum available amount under the 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility. 
 In addition to the financial covenant described above, the 2021 Rangers Credit Agreement and related security agreement contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default. 
 The 2021 Rangers Revolving Credit Facility requires Rangers LLC to comply with a debt service ratio of at least :1.0 over a trailing quarter period. As of June 30, 2023, Rangers LLC was in compliance with this financial covenant. 
 F - 35 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 to Rangers LLC. The advance is to be utilized solely and exclusively to pay for Rangers LLC operating expenses. 
 All obligations under the 2021 Rangers NHL Advance Agreement are senior to and shall have priority over all secured and other indebtedness of Rangers LLC, Rangers Holdings, LLC and MSG NYR Holdings LLC. All borrowings under the 2021 Rangers NHL Advance Agreement were made on a non-revolving basis and bear interest at per annum, ending on the date any such advances are fully repaid. It is expected that the advanced amount will be set off against funds that would otherwise be paid, distributed or transferred by the NHL to Rangers LLC. The outstanding balance under the 2021 Rangers NHL Advance Agreement was as of June 30, 2023 and was recorded as Debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended June 30, 2023 the Company made interest payments of . 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 Other assets 
 
 Note 14. 
 Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Plan settlements paid ) ) Benefit obligation at end of period 
 The actuarial gain of , included in the change in benefit obligation for pension benefits in the year ended June 30, 2023, is primarily the result of increases in the discount rate and demographic experience as of June 30, 2023. 
 F - 36 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) ) Non-current liabilities (included in Defined benefit obligations) ) ) ) )) ) 
 Recognized actuarial loss Settlement loss recognized (a) 
 Net periodic benefit cost 
 _________________ 
 (a) , and , respectively, were distributed to vested participants of the Excess Cash Balance Plan, triggering the recognition of settlement losses in accordance with ASC Topic 715. Due to these pension settlements, the Company was required to remeasure its pension plan liability as of June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022, and June 31, 2021 for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Discount rates used for the projected benefit obligation and interest cost were and as of June 30, 2023, respectively, and as of June 30, 2022, respectively, and and as of June 30, 2021, respectively. Additionally, settlement charges of , and were recognized in Miscellaneous income (expense), net for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 ) Recognized actuarial loss Settlement loss recognized 
 Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 F - 37 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Interest crediting rate 
 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost (made at the beginning of the period) for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Discount rate - projected benefit obligation Discount rate - interest cost 
 The discount rates were determined (based on the expected duration of the benefit payments for the plans) from the Willis Towers Watson U.S. Rate Link: 40-90 Discount Rate Model as of June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 to select a rate at which the Company believed the plans benefits could be effectively settled. This model was developed by examining the yields on selected highly rated corporate bonds. 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2026 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2027 Fiscal year ending June 30, 2028 Fiscal years ending June 30, 2029 2033 
 
 F - 38 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 , , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Multiemployer Plans 
 The Company contributes to a number of multiemployer defined benefit pension plans, multiemployer defined contribution pension plans, and multiemployer health and welfare plans that provide benefits to retired union-represented employees under the terms of CBAs. 
 Multiemployer Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
 The multiemployer defined benefit pension plans to which the Company contributes generally provide for retirement and death benefits for eligible union-represented employees based on specific eligibility/participant requirements, vesting periods and benefit formulas. The risks to the Company of participating in these multiemployer defined benefit pension plans are different from single-employer defined benefit pension plans in the following aspects: 
 Assets contributed to a multiemployer defined benefit pension plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 
 If a participating employer stops contributing to a multiemployer defined benefit pension plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 
 If the Company chooses to stop participating in some of these multiemployer defined benefit pension plans, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the Company s proportion of the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. However, cessation of participation in a multiemployer defined benefit pension plan and subsequent payment of any withdrawal liability is subject to the collective bargaining process. 
 
 F - 39 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 as of as of National Hockey League Players Retirement Benefit Plan 
 as of as of All Other Multiemployer Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
 
 The Company was not listed as providing more than 5 percent of the total contributions in any Form 5500 for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Multiemployer Defined Contribution Pension Plans and Multiemployer Plans That Provide Health and Welfare Benefits 
 The Company contributed , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to multiemployer defined contribution pension plans. In addition, the Company contributed , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to multiemployer plans that provide health and welfare benefits to retired employees. 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 The Company sponsors the Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ), which was established in November 2021, for the purpose of permitting a select group of highly-compensated employees to defer the employee s annual base salary and bonus into the Deferred Compensation Plan with returns on such deferrals tracking the performance of certain investments. 
 The Company recorded compensation expense/(compensation cost credits) of and ), for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, within Selling, general and administrative expenses to reflect the remeasurement of the Deferred Compensation Plan liability. In addition, the Company recorded gains/(losses) of and ), for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, within Miscellaneous income (expense), net to reflect the remeasurement of the fair value of assets under the Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 Current liabilities (included in accrued employee related costs) 
 ) ) Non-current liabilities (included in other employee related costs) 
 ) ) 

F - 40 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Note 15. 
 share-based compensation plans: the 2015 Employee Stock Plan (the Employee Stock Plan and the 2015 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the Non-Employee Director Plan ). 
 Under the Employee Stock Plan, the Company is authorized to grant incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted shares, restricted stock units RSUs ), performance RSUs PSUs ), stock appreciation rights and other equity-based awards. The Company may grant awards for up to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (subject to certain adjustments). Options and stock appreciation rights under the Employee Stock Plan must be granted with an exercise price of not less than the fair market value of a share of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the date of grant and must expire no later than years from the date of grant (or up to one additional year in the case of the death of a holder). The terms and conditions of awards granted under the Employee Stock Plan, including vesting and exercisability, are determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors Compensation Committee and may include terms or conditions based upon performance criteria. RSUs that were awarded under the Employee Stock Plan generally vest ratably over , with PSUs generally subject to cliff vesting, subject to certain performance conditions. RSUs and PSUs that were awarded by the Company to its employees will settle in shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (either from treasury or with newly issued shares), or, at the option of the Compensation Committee, in cash. 
 Under the Non-Employee Director Plan, the Company is authorized to grant non-qualified stock options, restricted shares, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and other equity-based awards. The Company may grant awards for up to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (subject to certain adjustments). Options under the Non-Employee Director Plan must be granted with an exercise price of not less than the fair market value of a share of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the date of grant and must expire no later than years from the date of grant (or up to one additional year in the case of the death of a holder). The terms and conditions of awards granted under the Non-Employee Director Plan, including vesting and exercisability, are determined by the Compensation Committee. Unless otherwise provided in an applicable award agreement, options granted under this plan will be fully vested and exercisable upon the date of grant. Unless otherwise provided in an applicable award agreement, restricted stock units granted under this plan will be fully vested, upon the date of grant and will settle in shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (either from treasury or with newly issued shares), or, at the option of the Compensation Committee, in cash, on the first business day after from the date the director s service on the Board of Directors ceases or, if earlier, upon the director s death. 
 In connection with the Sphere Distribution, pursuant to the terms of the incentive plans and award agreements, (i) each holder of an RSU and PSU granted under the Employee Stock Plan received Sphere Entertainment RSU or PSU in respect of every Company RSU or PSU owned on the Record Date and continues to be entitled to a share of the Company s Class A Common Stock (or cash or other property) for each Company RSU or PSU in accordance with the existing award agreement, (ii) share of Sphere Entertainment Class A Common Stock was issued under the Sphere Entertainment Non-Employee Director Plan in respect of every RSU outstanding under the Company s Non-Employee Director Plan, which remain outstanding and continue to be entitled to a share of the Company s Class A Common Stock (or cash or other property) in accordance with the existing award agreement, and (iii) each option to purchase the Company s Class A Common Stock became options: option to acquire Sphere Entertainment Class A Common Stock and option to acquire the Company s Class A Common Stock. The existing exercise price was allocated between the Company s options and the new Sphere Entertainment options based upon the volume-weighted average prices of the Sphere Entertainment Class A Common Stock and the Company s Class A Common Stock using the -day volume weighted average trading price immediately following the Sphere Distribution, and the underlying share amount was consistent with the -to-one distribution ratio in the Sphere Distribution. Other than the split of the options and the allocation of the existing exercise price, there were no additional adjustments to the existing options in connection with the Sphere Distribution. 
 The Company s RSUs/PSUs and/or stock options held by individuals who are solely Sphere Entertainment or MSG Entertainment employees will not be expensed by the Company; however, such RSUs/PSUs and/or stock options do have a dilutive effect on earnings (loss) per share available to the Company s common stockholders. 
 Share-based Compensation Expense 
 Share-based compensation expense is generally recognized straight-line over the vesting term of the award, which typically provides for cliff or graded vesting subject to continued employment. For awards that are graded vesting and subject to performance conditions, in addition to continued employment, the Company uses the graded-vesting method to recognize share-based compensation expense. 
 Share-based compensation expense was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations as a component of direct operating expenses or selling, general and administrative expenses. Share-based compensation expense recorded during the years 
 F - 41 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 , and , respectively. There were costs related to share-based compensation in operations that were capitalized for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of June 30, 2023, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs and PSUs held by the Company s employees. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years for unvested RSUs and PSUs. 
 As a result of an agreement to settle an action (the Settlement filed by a purported stockholder of the Company derivatively on behalf of the Company against certain directors of the Company who are members of the Dolan family and against the directors of the Company who were members of the Compensation Committee, Mr. Dolan voluntarily relinquished a one-time equity award granted by the Company in October 2018 pursuant to his 2018 employment agreement, and the related award agreements were canceled. The one-time equity award included: target performance stock units and grants of stock options to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock, which were to vest over a period. The Settlement became effective October 8, 2020 and therefore, upon cancellation, the Company recorded previously unrecognized share-based compensation expense of approximately related to this award during the year ended June 30, 2021. 
 Restricted Stock Units Award Activity 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested award balance as of June 30, 2023 
 _________________ 
 (a) 
 The fair value of RSUs and PSUs that vested during the year ended June 30, 2023 was . Upon delivery, RSUs and PSUs granted under the Employee Stock Plan were net share-settled to cover the required statutory tax withholding obligations. To fulfill the employees statutory minimum tax withholding obligations for the applicable income and other employment taxes, of these RSUs and PSUs, with an aggregate value of , inclusive of related to Sphere Entertainment and MSG Entertainment employees (who vested in the Company s RSUs and PSUs), were retained by the Company and the taxes paid are reflected as financing activity in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 The fair value of RSUs and PSUs that vested during the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The weighted-average fair value per share at grant date of RSUs and PSUs granted during the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 F - 42 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Granted Cancelled Balance as of June 30, 2023 Exercisable as of June 30, 2023 
 _________________ 
 (a) 
 
 Note 16. 
 of the Company s Class A Common Stock. Under the authorization, shares of Class A Common Stock may be purchased from time to time in open market or private transactions, block trades, or such other matter as the Company may determine, in accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. The timing and amount of purchases will depend on market conditions and other factors. 
 On October 6, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a accelerated share repurchase ASR program under the Company s existing share repurchase authorization. On October 28, 2022, the Company entered into a ASR agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JP Morgan ). Pursuant to the ASR agreement, the Company made a payment of to JP Morgan and JP Morgan delivered initial shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company on November 1, 2022, representing of the total shares expected to be repurchased under the ASR (determined based on the closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock of on October 28, 2022). The ASR was completed on January 31, 2023 with JP Morgan delivering additional shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company upon final settlement. The average purchase price per share for shares of Class A Common Stock purchased by the Company pursuant to the ASR was . 
 The ASR was accounted for as a repurchase of shares and as an equity forward contract indexed to the Company s Class A Common Stock. The equity forward contract was classified as an equity instrument under ASC Subtopic 815-40. The Company has treated the initial and final shares of Class A Common Stock delivered as treasury shares as of the date the shares were physically delivered in computing the weighted average shares of outstanding Class A Common Stock for both basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had of availability remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. 
 
 Note 17. 
 of the Company s outstanding Class B Common Stock and own approximately of the Company s outstanding Class A Common Stock. Such shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, collectively, represent approximately of the aggregate voting power of the Company s outstanding common stock. Members of the Dolan family are also the controlling stockholders of Sphere Entertainment, MSG Entertainment and AMC Networks Inc. AMC Networks ). 
 
 F - 43 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 -year term in exchange for arena license fees, (ii) shares revenues collected for suite licenses, (iii) operates and manages the sale of the sports teams merchandise at The Garden for a commission, (iv) operates and manages the sales of food and beverage concessions in exchange for of net profits from sales and catering services during Knicks and Rangers home games, (v) provides day of game services, and (vi) provides other general services within The Garden; 
 Sponsorship sales and service representation agreements pursuant to which MSG Entertainment has the exclusive right and obligation to sell the Company s sponsorships for an initial stated term of years for a commission. In addition, under this agreement, the Company is charged by MSG Entertainment for sales and service staff and overhead associated with the sales of sponsorship assets. As of January 1, 2023, the Company has been providing certain services that were previously provided by MSG Entertainment under the agreements on an interim basis, and MSG Entertainment fully reimburses the Company for the costs of providing such services; 
 Team sponsorship allocation agreement with MSG Entertainment, pursuant to which the teams continue receiving an allocation of sponsorship and signage revenues associated with the sponsorship agreements; 
 Services agreement pursuant to which the Company (i) receives certain services from MSG Entertainment, such as information technology, accounts payable, payroll, human resources, and other corporate functions, and executive support services, in exchange for service fees and (ii) provides certain services to MSG Entertainment, such as certain communications, legal, ticketing, sponsorship and premium hospitality-related services, in exchange for service fees; 
 Sublease agreement, pursuant to which the Company leases office space from MSG Entertainment; 
 Group ticket sales representation agreement, pursuant to which MSG Entertainment appointed the Company as its sales and service representative to sell group ticket packages related to MSG Entertainment events in exchange for a commission; 
 Single night rental commission agreement, pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, sell (or make referrals for sales of) licenses for the use of suites at The Garden for individual MSG Entertainment events in exchange for a commission and reimbursement for sales and service staff and overhead associated with the ticket sales on behalf of MSG Entertainment; 
 Interest-bearing advances to MSG Entertainment in connection with the construction of new premium hospitality suites at The Garden; 
 Aircraft sharing agreements pursuant to which MSG Entertainment has agreed from time to time to make its aircraft and aircraft it leases from other related parties available to the Company for lease on a time sharing basis; and 
 Other agreements with MSG Entertainment entered into in connection with the Sphere Distribution, including a trademark license agreement and certain other arrangements. 
 The Company is also party to the following agreements and/or arrangements with Sphere Entertainment (including through its subsidiary MSG Networks) as of June 30, 2023: 
 Media rights agreements between the Company and MSG Networks, entered into in July 2015 with stated terms of years, providing MSG Networks with local telecast rights for Knicks and Rangers games in exchange for media rights fees; 
 Arrangements with MSG Networks pursuant to which the Knicks and the Rangers have allocated revenues with MSG Networks related to virtual advertising inventory; 
 Other agreements with Sphere Entertainment in connection with the Sphere Distribution, including a distribution agreement, a tax disaffiliation agreement and an employee matters agreement and certain other arrangements; and 
 Other agreements with MSG Networks entered into in connection with the MSGS Distribution, including an employee matters agreement, agreements related to audio-only distribution rights for Knicks and Rangers games, and certain other arrangements. 
 F - 44 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 of 605, LLC. 605, LLC has provided audience measurement and data analytics services to the Company and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. 
 Revenues and Operating Expenses (Credits) 
 Operating expenses (credits): Expense pursuant to Services agreement with MSG Entertainment Rent expense pursuant to Sublease agreement with MSG Entertainment Costs associated with the Sponsorship sales and service representation agreements Operating lease expense associated with the Arena License Agreements Other costs associated with the Arena License Agreements Other operating expenses (credits), net ) 
 (a) Primarily consist of local media rights recognized from the licensing of team-related programming under the media rights agreements covering the Knicks and the Rangers. 
 
 Note 18. 
 State and other Deferred expense (benefit): Federal ) ) State and other ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 F - 45 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Change in the estimated applicable tax rate used to determine deferred taxes 
 ) ) Capital loss carryover ) GAAP income of consolidated partnership attributable to non-controlling interests 
 Return to provision ) Change in valuation allowance ) Nondeductible officers compensation Nondeductible disability insurance premiums expense 
 Other nondeductible expenses Excess tax benefit related to shared based-payments awards ) ) Other Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 
 Capital loss and tax credit carryforwards Accrued employee benefits Accrued expenses Restricted stock units and stock options Arena deferred rent adjustment Deferred revenue accelerated for tax purposes Other Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible and other assets ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 
 F - 46 

Table of Contents 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 t have any uncertain tax positions as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 Prior to the Sphere Distribution, the Company and Sphere Entertainment entered into a Tax Disaffiliation Agreement TDA that governs the parties respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to taxes and tax benefits. Under the TDA, the Company will generally be responsible for all U.S. federal, state, local and other applicable income taxes of Sphere Entertainment for any taxable period or portion of such period ending on or before the Sphere Distribution Date. 
 The Company was notified in April 2020 that the City of New York was commencing an audit of the local income tax returns for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2017. The Company does not expect the examinations, when finalized, to result in material changes. 
 The federal and state statute of limitations are currently open for tax returns for years starting with 2020 and 2016, respectively 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company made income tax payments of . 

Note 19. 
 Entity B 
 
 The following individual non-related parties accounted for the following percentages of the Company s consolidated revenue balances: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Entity B Entity A 
 Revenues from MSG Networks amounted to , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, which represented , and , respectively, of the Company s consolidated revenues (see Note 17). 
 As of June 30, 2023, approximately full-time and part-time employees, which represent approximately of the Company s workforce, are subject to CBAs. There are union employees subject to CBAs that expired as of June 30, 2023 and there are union employees subject to CBAs that will expire by June 30, 2024. 
 F - 47 

<EX-10.18>
 2
 msgsexhibit10180630202310k.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 Exhibit 10.18 

June 15, 2023 
 
 Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. 
 Two Pennsylvania Plaza 
 New York, NY 10121 
 
 Dear David 
 
 This letter agreement (the Agreement ), effective as of June 15, 2023 (the Effective Date ), will confirm the terms of your employment with Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (the Company following the Effective Date. 
 
 1. Your title will be Executive Vice President and you will report to the Executive Chairman of the Company. Subject to Section 2 below, you agree to devote such amount of your business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company as is necessary, and as you may be requested, to perform your duties in a diligent, competent, professional and skillful manner and in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 2. The Company acknowledges that, in addition to your services pursuant to this Agreement, and from and after the commencement of your employment with each such entity, you will simultaneously be employed by, and are expected to devote a portion of your business time and attention to, each of Sphere Entertainment Co. Sphere and AMC Networks Inc. AMC ). The Company understands that you have entered into an employment agreement with each of Sphere and AMC and recognizes and agrees that your responsibilities to Sphere and AMC will preclude you from devoting substantially all of your time and attention to the Company s affairs, but apart from your arrangements with Sphere and AMC you will not undertake any outside business commitments without the Company s consent and you will, upon request, cooperate with the Company in reviewing your obligations under Section (1) above. In addition, as recognized in Article Tenth of the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Policy Concerning Matters Relating to Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp., Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. and AMC Networks Inc., Including Responsibilities of Overlapping Directors and Officers (together, the Overlap Policy ), there may be certain potential conflicts of interest and fiduciary duty issues associated with your roles at the Company, Sphere, and AMC. The Company recognizes and agrees that none of (i) your multiple responsibilities at the Company, Sphere, and AMC, (ii) your inability to devote substantially all of your time and attention to the Company s affairs, (iii) the actual or potential conflicts of interest and fiduciary duty issues that are waived in the Overlap Policy, or (iv) any actions taken, or omitted to be taken, by you in good faith to comply with your duties and responsibilities to the Company in light of your multiple responsibilities to the Company, Sphere, and AMC, shall be deemed to be a breach by you of your obligations under this Agreement (including your obligations under Annex A) nor shall any of the foregoing constitute Cause as such term is defined in Section 13 hereof. 
 
 3. Your annual base salary will be not less than 800,000 annually, paid bi-weekly, subject to annual review and potential increase by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Compensation Committee in its discretion. The Compensation Committee will review your compensation package on an annual basis to ensure that you are paid consistently with other similarly situated executives as well as external peers. 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 2 

4. Commencing with the Company s fiscal year starting July 1, 2023, you will also participate in our discretionary annual bonus program with an annual target bonus opportunity equal to not less than 100 of your annual base salary. Bonus payments depend on a number of factors including Company, unit and individual performance. However, the decision of whether or not to pay a bonus, and the amount of that bonus, if any, is made by the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion. Annual bonuses are typically paid early in the subsequent fiscal year. Except as otherwise provided herein, in order to receive a bonus, you must be employed by the Company at the time bonuses are being paid. 
 
 5. Commencing with the Company s fiscal year starting July 1, 2023, you will also, subject to your continued employment by the Company and actual grant by the Compensation Committee, participate in such equity and other long-term incentive programs that are made available in the future to similarly situated executives at the Company. It is expected that such awards will consist of annual grants of cash and or equity awards with an annual target value of not less than 1,700,000, all as determined by the Compensation Committee in its discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to your continued employment by the Company and actual grant by the Compensation Committee, it is expected that the award issued to you in August or September 2023 will have an annual target value of 2,000,000, as determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. All awards described in this Section and Section 6 below, in addition to being subject to actual grant by the Compensation Committee, would be pursuant to the applicable plan document and would be subject to any terms and conditions established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion that would be detailed in separate agreements you would receive after any award is actually made provided, however, that such terms and conditions shall be consistent with those in awards granted to similarly situated executives. Long-term incentive awards are currently expected to be subject to three-year vesting. 
 
 6. In addition to your participation in the Company s regular long-term incentive programs, subject to your continued employment by the Company and actual grant by the Compensation Committee, you will receive a one-time special award of restricted stock units with an aggregate grant date fair value of 3,500,000 (as determined by the Compensation Committee in its discretion) (the Special RSU Grant ). Subject to the terms of the award agreement and Section 9 below, the Special RSU Grant will be made on or as soon as practicable after the Effective Date, and will be subject to three-year vesting (1 3 vesting on each of September 15, 2024, September 15, 2025 and September 15, 2026). The Special RSU Grant would be pursuant to the applicable plan document and would be subject to any terms and conditions established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion that would be detailed in a separate agreement you would receive after any award is actually made. 
 
 7. Subject to your continued employment by the Company, you will also be entitled to a one-time special cash award of 925,000, to be paid within 30 days of the commencement of your employment. If, prior to the first anniversary of the commencement of your employment, you either (a) are terminated for Cause , or (b) voluntarily resign without Good Reason (each as defined below), then you agree to repay the full amount of the special cash award to the Company as soon as practicable following such termination or resignation of your employment. 
 
 8. You will also be eligible to participate in all of our benefits and retirement plans and programs, subject to meeting the relevant eligibility requirements, payment of the required premiums, and the terms of the plans themselves. We anticipate offering medical, dental, vision, 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 3 

life, and accidental death and dismemberment insurance short- and long- term disability insurance a savings and retirement program and ten paid holidays. You will also be eligible for paid time off to be accrued and used in accordance with Company policy, which we anticipate to allow for time off on a flexible and unlimited basis. 
 
 9. If your employment with the Company is terminated on or prior to the fifth anniversary of the date your employment commences (the Scheduled Expiration Date (i) by the Company (other than for Cause or (ii) by you with Good Reason (other than if Cause then exists) then, subject to your execution and delivery, within 60 days after the date of termination of your employment, and non-revocation (within any applicable revocation period) of the Separation Agreement (as defined below), the Company will provide you with the following 
 
 (a) Severance in an amount to be determined by the Company (the Severance Amount ), but in no event less than two (2) times the sum of your annual base salary and your annual target bonus as in effect at the time your employment terminates (not taking into account any reductions which would constitute Good Reason ). Sixty percent (60 of the Severance Amount will be payable to you on the six-month anniversary of the date your employment so terminates (the Termination Date and the remaining forty percent (40 of the Severance Amount will be payable to you on the twelve-month anniversary of the Termination Date 
 
 (b) Any unpaid annual bonus for the Company s fiscal year prior to the fiscal year which includes your Termination Date, and a pro rated bonus based on the amount of your base salary actually earned by you during the Company s fiscal year through the Termination Date, each of which will be paid to you when such bonuses are generally paid to similarly situated active executives and will be based on your then current annual target bonus as well as Company and your business unit performance for the applicable fiscal year as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, but without adjustment for your individual performance 
 
 (c) Each of your outstanding long-term cash awards, if any, granted under the plans of the Company shall immediately vest in full and shall be payable to you at the same time as such awards are paid to active executives of the Company and the payment amount of such award shall be to the same extent that other similarly situated active executives receive payment as determined by the Compensation Committee (subject to satisfaction of any applicable performance criteria but without adjustment for your individual performance) 
 
 (d) (i) All of the time-based restrictions on each of your outstanding restricted stock or restricted stock unit awards granted to you under the plans of the Company, including the Special RSU Grant, shall immediately be eliminated, (ii) deliveries with respect to your restricted stock that are not subject to performance criteria or are subject to performance criteria that have previously been satisfied (as certified by the Compensation Committee) shall be made immediately after the effective date of the Separation Agreement, (iii) payment and deliveries with respect to your restricted stock units that are not subject to performance criteria or are subject to performance criteria that have previously been satisfied (as certified by the Compensation Committee) shall be made on the 90th day after the termination 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 4 

of your employment and (iv) payments or deliveries with respect to your restricted stock and restricted stock units that are subject to performance criteria that have not yet been satisfied shall be made on the 90th day after the applicable performance criteria is certified by the Compensation Committee as having been satisfied and 
 
 (e) Each of your outstanding stock options and stock appreciation awards, if any, under the plans of the Company shall immediately vest and become exercisable, and you shall have the right to exercise each of those options and stock appreciation awards for the remainder of the term of such option or award. 
 
 If you die after a termination of your employment that is subject to this Section 9, your estate or beneficiaries will be provided with any remaining benefits and rights under this Section 9. 
 
 10. If you cease to be an employee of the Company prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date as a result of your death or your Disability (as defined in the Company s Long Term Disability Plan), and at such time Cause does not exist then, subject (other than in the case of death) to your execution and delivery, within 60 days after the date of termination of your employment, and non-revocation (within any applicable revocation period) of the Separation Agreement, you or your estate or beneficiary shall be provided with the benefits and rights set forth in Sections 9 (b), (d) and (e) above, and each of your outstanding long-term cash awards, if any, granted under the plans of the Company shall immediately vest in full, whether or not subject to performance criteria and shall be payable on the 90th day after the termination of your employment provided, that if any such award is subject to any performance criteria, then (i) if the measurement period for such performance criteria has not yet been fully completed, then the payment amount shall be at the target amount for such award and (ii) if the measurement period for such performance criteria has already been fully completed, then the payment of such award shall be at the same time and to the extent that other similarly situated executives receive payment as determined by the Compensation Committee (subject to satisfaction of the applicable performance criteria). 
 
 11. For purposes hereof, Separation Agreement shall mean the Company s standard severance agreement (modified to reflect the terms of this Agreement) which will include, without limitation, the provisions set forth in Sections 9, 10, and 12 hereof, as applicable, and Annex A hereto regarding non-compete (limited to one year), non-disparagement, non-hire non-solicitation, confidentiality (including, without limitation, the last paragraph of section 3 of Annex A), and further cooperation obligations and restrictions on you (with Company reimbursement of your associated expenses and payment for your services as described in Annex A in connection with any required post-employment cooperation) as well as a general release by you of the Company and its affiliates (and their respective directors and officers but such release shall not extend to Sphere or AMC or their respective subsidiaries to the extent that at the time of your separation you are employed by such entities), but shall otherwise contain no post-employment covenants unless agreed to by you. The Company shall provide you with the form of Separation Agreement within seven days of your termination of employment. For avoidance of doubt, your rights of indemnification under the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and under any insurance policy, or under any other resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company, shall not be released, diminished or affected by any Separation Agreement or release or any termination of your employment. 
 
 12. Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9 and 10 hereof, in connection with any termination of your employment, your then outstanding equity and cash incentive awards shall 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 5 

be treated in accordance with their terms and, other than as provided in this Agreement, you shall not be eligible for severance benefits under any other plan, program or policy of the Company. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to limit any more favorable rights that you may be entitled to under your equity and or cash incentive award agreements, including, without limitation, your rights in the event of a termination of your employment, a Going Private Transaction or a Change of Control (as those terms are defined in the applicable award agreement). 
 
 13. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means your (i) commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, willful misconduct, gross negligence or breach of fiduciary duty against the Company or an affiliate thereof, or (ii) commission of any act or omission that results in a conviction, plea of no contest, plea of nolo contendere , or imposition of unadjudicated probation for any crime involving moral turpitude or any felony. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means that (1) without your written consent, (A) your annual base salary or annual target bonus (as each may be increased from time to time in the Compensation Committee s sole discretion) is reduced, (B) your title (as in effect from time to time) is diminished, (C) you report to someone other than the Executive Chairman (or if the individual holding such position at the time your employment commences is no longer in that position with the Company, to someone other than the Chairman or Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company), (D) the Company requires that your principal office be located outside of the Borough of Manhattan, or (E) the Company materially breaches its obligations to you under this Agreement, (2) you have given the Company written notice, referring specifically to this Agreement and definition, that you do not consent to such action, (3) the Company has not corrected such action within 15 days of receiving such notice, and (4) you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company within 90 days following the happening of the action described in subsection (1) above. 
 
 14. This Agreement does not constitute a guarantee of employment for any definite period. Your employment is at will and may be terminated by you or the Company at any time, with or without notice or reason. 
 
 15. The Company may withhold from any payment due to you any taxes required to be withheld under any law, rule or regulation. If any payment otherwise due to you hereunder would result in the imposition of the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, the Company will instead pay you either (i) such amount or (ii) the maximum amount that could be paid to you without the imposition of the excise tax, depending on whichever amount results in your receiving the greater amount of after-tax proceeds. In the event that the payments and benefits payable to you would be reduced as provided in the previous sentence, then such reduction will be determined in a manner which has the least economic cost to you and, to the extent the economic cost is equivalent, such payments or benefits will be reduced in the inverse order of when the payments or benefits would have been made to you (i.e. later payments will be reduced first) until the reduction specified is achieved. If the Company elects to retain any accounting or similar firm to provide assistance in calculating any such amounts, the Company shall be responsible for the costs of any such firm. 
 
 16. It is intended that this Agreement will comply with Section 409A to the extent this Agreement is subject thereto, and that this Agreement shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with such intent. Any payment or benefit under Sections 9 or 10 of this Agreement that is payable to you by reason of your termination of employment shall be made or provided to you only upon a separation from services as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 6 

regulation, provided that the service recipient and the employer for this purpose shall be the service recipient as defined by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(g). If and to the extent that any payment or benefit under this Agreement, or any plan, award or arrangement of the Company or its affiliates, constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and is payable to you by reason of your termination of employment, then if you are a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A as determined by the Company), such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided before the date that is six months after the date of your separation from service (or your earlier death). Any amount not paid or benefit not provided in respect of the six month period specified in the preceding sentence will be paid to you, together with interest on such delayed amount at a rate equal to the average of the one-year LIBOR fixed rate equivalent for the ten business days prior to the date of your employment termination, in a lump sum or provided to you as soon as practicable after the expiration of such six month period. Each payment or benefit provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A to the extent Section 409A applies to such payment. If any provision hereunder would be determined by the parties hereto to be in violation of Section 409A, the parties shall cooperate to modify such provision to be in compliance therewith, with the intention of preserving the original economic benefit to you prior to such modification. 
 
 17. To the extent you are entitled to any expense reimbursement from the Company that is subject to Section 409A, (i) the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement in one calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except under any lifetime limit applicable to expenses for medical care), (ii) in no event shall any such expense be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which you incurred such expense, and (iii) in no event shall any right to reimbursement be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 18. The Company will not take any action, or omit to take any action, that would expose any payment or benefit to you to the additional tax of Section 409A, unless (i) the Company is obligated to take the action under an agreement, plan or arrangement to which you are a party, (ii) you request the action, (iii) the Company advises you in writing that the action may result in the imposition of the additional tax and (iv) you subsequently request the action in a writing that acknowledges you will be responsible for any effect of the action under Section 409A. The Company will hold you harmless for any action it may take or omission in violation of this Section 18, including any attorney s fees you may incur in enforcing your rights. 
 
 19. It is our intention that the benefits and rights to which you could become entitled in connection with termination of employment be exempt from or comply with Section 409A. If you or the Company believes, at any time, that any of such benefit or right is not exempt or does not comply, it will promptly advise the other and will negotiate reasonably and in good faith to amend the terms of such arrangement such that it complies (with the most limited possible economic effect on you and on the Company). 
 
 20. This Agreement is personal to you and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by you. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by your legal representatives. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. The rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement may only be assigned or transferred pursuant to a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the continuing entity, or the sale or liquidation of all or substantially all of the assets of Company provided, however, that the assignee or transferee is the successor 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 7 

to all or substantially all of the assets of Company and such assignee or transferee assumes the liabilities and duties of Company, as contained in this Agreement, either contractually or as a matter of law. 
 
 21. To the extent permitted by law, you and the Company waive any and all rights to a jury trial with respect to any matter relating to this Agreement (including the covenants set forth in Annex A hereof). This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within that State. 
 
 22. Both the Company and you hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts of the United States of America in each case located in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement, and each party hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, as a defense that either party, as appropriate, is not subject thereto or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate. You and the Company each agree that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in any manner as may be permitted by law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. 
 
 23. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. It is the parties intention that this Agreement not be construed more strictly with regard to you or the Company. 
 
 24. This Agreement reflects the entire understanding and agreement of you and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings or agreements relating thereto. You represent and warrant that there are no obligations, contractual, or otherwise, relating to a current or prior employer, or any other entity for which you rendered services or with which you are affiliated which would prevent or prohibit you from signing this Agreement, accepting employment with the Company, commencing such employment as of the Effective Date and or performing fully your job responsibilities now or in the future. 
 
 25. This Agreement will automatically terminate, and be of no further force or effect, on the Scheduled Expiration Date provided, however, that the provisions of Sections 9 through 12, 15 through 24 and Annex A and any amounts earned but not yet paid to you pursuant to the terms of this Agreement as of the Scheduled Expiration Date shall survive the termination of the Agreement and remain binding on you and the Company in accordance with their terms. 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 8 

Sincerely, 
 
 MADISON SQUARE GARDEN SPORTS CORP. 

_ s James L. Dolan __________________ ________ 
 By James L. Dolan 
 Title Executive Chairman 

Accepted and Agreed 

_ s David Granville-Smith ___ _____ 
 David Granville-Smith 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 9 

ANNEX A ADDITIONAL COVENANTS (This Annex constitutes part of the Agreement) 
 
 You agree to comply with the following covenants in addition to those set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 1. CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 You agree to retain in strict confidence and not divulge, disseminate, copy or disclose to any third party any Confidential Information, other than for legitimate business purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. As used herein, Confidential Information means any non-public information that is material or of a confidential, proprietary, commercially sensitive or personal nature of, or regarding, the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any current or former director, officer or member of senior management of any of the foregoing (collectively Covered Parties ). The term Confidential Information includes information in written, digital, oral or any other format and includes, but is not limited to (i) information designated or treated as confidential (ii) budgets, plans, forecasts or other financial or accounting data (iii) customer, guest, fan, vendor, sponsor, marketing affiliate or shareholder lists or data (iv) technical or strategic information regarding the Covered Parties advertising, sports, entertainment, theatrical, or other businesses (v) advertising, sponsorship, business, sales or marketing tactics, strategies or information (vi) policies, practices, procedures or techniques (vii) trade secrets or other intellectual property (viii) information, theories or strategies relating to litigation, arbitration, mediation, investigations or matters relating to governmental authorities (ix) terms of agreements with third parties and third party trade secrets (x) information regarding employees, talent, players, coaches, agents, consultants, advisors or representatives, including their compensation or other human resources policies and procedures (xi) information or strategies relating to any potential or actual business development transactions and or any potential or actual business acquisition, divestiture or joint venture, and (xii) any other information the disclosure of which may have an adverse effect on the Covered Parties business reputation, operations or competitive position, reputation or standing in the community. 
 
 If disclosed, Confidential Information or Other Information could have an adverse effect on the Company s standing in the community, its business reputation, operations or competitive position or the standing, reputation, operations or competitive position of any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, consultants or agents or any of the Covered Parties. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of this section, other than with respect to subscriber information, shall not apply to Confidential Information which is 
 a) already in the public domain or which enters the public domain other than by your breach of this Paragraph 1 
 
 b) disclosed to you by a third party with the right to disclose it in good faith or 
 
 c) specifically exempted in writing by the Company from the applicability of this Agreement. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything elsewhere in this Agreement, including this Paragraph 1 and Paragraph 3 below, you are authorized to make any disclosure required of you by any federal, state and local laws or judicial, arbitral or governmental agency proceedings (including making 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 10 

truthful statements in connection with a judicial or arbitral proceeding to enforce your rights under this Agreement, to the extent reasonably required and made in good faith). In addition, this Agreement in no way restricts or prevents you from providing truthful testimony concerning the Company to judicial, administrative, regulatory or other governmental authorities. 
 
 2. NON-COMPETE 
 
 You acknowledge that due to your executive position in the Company and your knowledge of the Company s confidential and proprietary information which you will obtain during the term of your employment hereunder, your employment by certain businesses would be irreparably harmful to the Company. During your employment with the Company and thereafter through the first anniversary of the date on which your employment with the Company has terminated for any reason, you agree not to (other than with the prior written consent of the Company) become employed by any Competitive Entity (as defined below). A Competitive Entity shall mean any person or entity (other than Sphere, AMC, and their respective subsidiaries) that (1) has a direct or indirect 10 or greater ownership interest in, or management or control of, any business, person or entity that competes with any of the Company s businesses including, without limitation, any professional sports team, sports league, or similar or related business (e.g., Internet sites in connection therewith) within the United States or within any other country in which the Company has any competing business or from which such business, person or entity competes with any of the Company s domestic businesses, or (2) is an affiliate of a person or entity described in clause (1). For purposes of this Paragraph 2, an affiliate of an entity (including, without limitation, the Company) shall mean an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or under common control with, such entity. Ownership of not more than 1 of the outstanding equity of any publicly traded company shall not, by itself, be a violation of this Paragraph. 
 
 3. ADDITIONAL UNDERSTANDINGS 
 
 You agree, for yourself and others acting on your behalf, that you (and they) have not disparaged and will not disparage, make negative statements about (either on the record or off the record or act in any manner which is intended to or does damage to the good will of, or the business or personal reputations of the Company or any of its incumbent or former officers, directors, agents, consultants, employees, successors and assigns or any of the Covered Parties. 
 
 The Company agrees that, except as necessary to comply with applicable law or the rules of the New York Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange on which the Company s stock may be traded (and any public statements made in good faith by the Company in connection therewith), it and its corporate officers and directors, employees in its public relations department or third party public relations representatives retained by the Company will not disparage you or make negative statements in the press or other media which are damaging to your business or personal reputation. In the event that the Company so disparages you or makes such negative statements, then notwithstanding the Additional Understandings provision to the contrary, you may make a proportional response thereto. 
 
 In addition, you agree that the Company is the owner of all rights, title and interest in and to all documents, tapes, videos, designs, plans, formulas, models, processes, computer programs, 
 inventions (whether patentable or not), schematics, music, lyrics and other technical, business, financial, advertising, sales, marketing, customer or product development plans, forecasts, strategies, information and materials (in any medium whatsoever) developed or prepared by you 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 11 

or with your cooperation in connection with your employment by the Company (the Materials ). The Company will have the sole and exclusive authority to use the Materials in any manner that it deems appropriate, in perpetuity, without additional payment to you. 
 
 If requested by the Company, you agree to deliver to the Company upon the termination of your employment, or at any earlier time the Company may request, all memoranda, notes, plans, files, records, reports, and software and other documents and data (and copies thereof regardless of the form thereof (including electronic copies)) containing, reflecting or derived from Confidential Information or the Materials of the Company or any of its affiliates which you may then possess or have under your control. If so requested, you shall provide to the Company a signed statement confirming that you have fully complied with this Paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall be entitled to retain your contacts, calendars and personal diaries and any materials needed for your tax return preparation or related to your compensation. 
 
 In addition, you agree for yourself and others acting on your behalf, that you (and they) shall not, at any time, participate in any way in the writing or scripting (including, without limitation, any as told to publications) of any book, periodical story, movie, play, or other similar written or theatrical work or video that (i) relates to your services to the Company or any of its affiliates or (ii) otherwise refers to the Company or its respective businesses, activities, directors, officers, employees or representatives, without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 
 4. FURTHER COOPERATION 
 
 Following the date of termination of your employment with the Company (the Expiration Date ), you will no longer provide any regular services to the Company or represent yourself as a Company agent. If, however, the Company so requests, you agree to cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any matter with which you were involved prior to the Expiration Date, or in any litigation or administrative proceedings or appeals (including any preparation therefore) where the Company believes that your personal knowledge, attendance and participation could be beneficial to the Company. This cooperation includes, without limitation, participation on behalf of the Company in any litigation or administrative proceeding brought by any former or existing Company employees, representatives, agents or vendors. The Company will pay you for your services rendered under this provision at the rate of 7,500 per day for each day or part thereof, within 30 days of the approval of the invoice therefor provided that, if you provide services on the same day for any of the Company, Sphere and AMC, your daily rate shall not exceed 7,500 in the aggregate. 
 
 The Company will provide you with reasonable notice in connection with any cooperation it requires in accordance with this section and will take reasonable steps to schedule your cooperation in any such matters so as not to materially interfere with your other professional and personal commitments. The Company will reimburse you for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses you reasonably incur in connection with the cooperation you provide hereunder as soon as practicable after you present appropriate documentation evidencing such expenses. You agree to provide the Company with an estimate of such expense before you incur the same. 
 
 5. NON-HIRE OR SOLICIT 
 
 You agree not to hire, seek to hire, or cause any person or entity to hire or seek to hire (without the prior written consent of the Company), directly or indirectly (whether for your own interest or any other person or entity s interest) any person who is or was in the prior six months an 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 12 

employee of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, until the first anniversary of the date of your termination of employment with the Company. This restriction does not apply to any former employee who was discharged by the Company. In addition, this restriction will not prevent you from providing references. If you remain continuously employed with the Company through the Scheduled Expiration Date, then this agreement not to hire or solicit will expire on the Scheduled Expiration Date. 
 
 6. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 
 
 You acknowledge that the restrictions contained in this Annex A, in light of the nature of the Company s business and your position and responsibilities, are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company. You acknowledge that the Company has no adequate remedy at law and would be irreparably harmed if you breach or threaten to breach the provisions of this Annex A, and therefore agree that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief, to prevent any breach or threatened breach of any of those provisions and to specific performance of the terms of each of such provisions in addition to any other legal or equitable remedy it may have. You further agree that you will not, in any equity proceeding relating to the enforcement of the provisions of this Annex A, raise the defense that the Company has an adequate remedy at law. Nothing in this Annex A shall be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedies at law or in equity that it may have or any other rights that it may have under any other agreement. If it is determined that any of the provisions of this Annex A or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or scope (geographic or otherwise) of such provision, it is the intention of the parties that the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, shall be reduced so that such provision becomes enforceable and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced. 

Mr. David Granville-Smith 
 Page 13 

7. SURVIVAL 
 
 The provisions of this Annex A shall survive any termination of your employment by the Company or the expiration of the Agreement except as otherwise provided herein. 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.35>
 3
 msgsexhibit10350630202310k.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 
 Exhibit 10.35 

 Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. 
 
 Policy Concerning Certain Matters Relating to Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp., Sphere Entertainment Co. and AMC Networks Inc., 
 Including Responsibilities of Overlapping Directors and Officers 
 
 A. Certain Acknowledgements Definitions. 
 
 Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (the Corporation recognizes that (a) certain directors and officers of the Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Overlap Persons have served and may serve as directors, officers, employees and agents of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (formerly MSGE Spinco, Inc. and referred to herein as MSG Entertainment ), Sphere Entertainment Co. (formerly Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. and referred to herein as Sphere ), AMC Networks Inc. AMC Networks ), and their respective subsidiaries and successors (each of the foregoing, including its subsidiaries and successors, is an Other Entity ), (b) the Corporation and its subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, may engage in the same, similar or related lines of business as those engaged in by any Other Entity and other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which such Other Entity may engage, (c) the Corporation or its subsidiaries may have an interest in the same areas of business opportunity as an Other Entity, (d) the Corporation will derive substantial benefits from the service as directors or officers of the Corporation and its subsidiaries of Overlap Persons, and (e) it is in the best interests of the Corporation that the rights of the Corporation, and the duties of any Overlap Persons, be determined and delineated as provided in this Policy in respect of any Potential Business Opportunities (as defined below) and in respect of the agreements and transactions referred to herein. The provisions of this Policy will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, regulate and define the conduct of the business and affairs of the Corporation and its officers and directors who are Overlap Persons in connection with any Potential Business Opportunities and in connection with any agreements and transactions referred to herein. Any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, or any interest therein, will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Policy. References in this Policy to directors, officers, employees and agents of any person will be deemed to include those persons who hold similar positions or exercise similar powers and authority with respect to any other entity that is a limited liability company, partnership, joint venture or other non-corporate entity. 
 
 B. Duties of Directors and Officers Regarding Potential Business Opportunities Renunciation of Interest in Potential Business Opportunities. 
 
 The Corporation hereby renounces, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any interest or expectancy in any Potential Business Opportunity that is not a Restricted Potential Business Opportunity. If a director or officer of the Corporation who is an Overlap Person is presented or offered, or otherwise acquires knowledge of, a potential transaction or matter that may 
 1 

Exhibit 10.35 

 constitute or present a business opportunity for the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, in which the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries could, but for the provisions of this Policy, have an interest or expectancy (any such transaction or matter, and any such actual or potential business opportunity, a Potential Business Opportunity ), (i) such Overlap Person will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have no duty or obligation to refrain from referring such Potential Business Opportunity to any Other Entity and, if such Overlap Person refers such Potential Business Opportunity to an Other Entity, such Overlap Person shall have no duty or obligation to refer such Potential Business Opportunity to the Corporation or to any of its subsidiaries or to give any notice to the Corporation or to any of its subsidiaries regarding such Potential Business Opportunity (or any matter related thereto), (ii) if such Overlap Person refers a Potential Business Opportunity to an Other Entity, such Overlap Person, to the fullest extent permitted by law, will not be liable to the Corporation as a director, officer, stockholder or otherwise, for any failure to refer such Potential Business Opportunity to the Corporation, or for referring such Potential Business Opportunity to any Other Entity, or for any failure to give any notice to the Corporation regarding such Potential Business Opportunity or any matter relating thereto (iii) any Other Entity may participate, engage or invest in any such Potential Business Opportunity notwithstanding that such Potential Business Opportunity may have been referred to such Other Entity by an Overlap Person, and (iv) if a director or officer who is an Overlap Person refers a Potential Business Opportunity to an Other Entity, then, as between the Corporation and or its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and such Other Entity, on the other hand, the Corporation and its subsidiaries shall be deemed to have renounced any interest, expectancy or right in or to such Potential Business Opportunity or to receive any income or proceeds derived therefrom solely as a result of such Overlap Person having been presented or offered, or otherwise acquiring knowledge of, such Potential Business Opportunity, unless in each case referred to in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv), such Potential Business Opportunity satisfies all of the following conditions (any Potential Business Opportunity that satisfies all of such conditions, a Restricted Potential Business Opportunity (A) such Potential Business Opportunity was expressly presented or offered to the Overlap Person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation (B) the Overlap Person believed that the Corporation possessed, or would reasonably be expected to be able to possess, the resources necessary to exploit such Potential Business Opportunity and (C) such opportunity relates exclusively to the ownership of a franchise in the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, the National Football League, Major League Baseball or Major League Soccer located in New York, New Jersey or Connecticut provided , that the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries is directly engaged in such business at the time the Potential Business Opportunity is presented or offered to the Overlap Person. In the event the Corporation s board of directors declines to pursue a Restricted Potential Business Opportunity, Overlap Persons shall be free to refer such Restricted Potential Business Opportunity to an Other Entity. 
 
 C. Certain Agreements and Transactions Permitted. 
 
 No contract, agreement, arrangement or transaction (or any amendment, modification or termination thereof) entered into between the Corporation and or any of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, 
 2 

Exhibit 10.35 

 and an Other Entity, on the other hand, before the Corporation ceased to be an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of MSG Networks Inc., or before Sphere ceased to be a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation, shall be void or voidable or be considered unfair to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries solely because such Other Entity is a party thereto, or because any directors, officers or employees of such Other Entity were present at or participated in any meeting of the board of directors, or a committee thereof, of the Corporation, or the board of directors, or committee thereof, of any subsidiary of the Corporation, that authorized the contract, agreement, arrangement or transaction (or any amendment, modification or termination thereof), or because his, her or their votes were counted for such purpose. The Corporation may from time to time enter into and perform, and cause or permit any of its subsidiaries to enter into and perform, one or more contracts, agreements, arrangements or transactions (or amendments, modifications or supplements thereto) with an Other Entity. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no such contract, agreement, arrangement or transaction (nor any such amendments, modifications or supplements), nor the performance thereof by the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation or an Other Entity, shall be considered contrary to any fiduciary duty owed to the Corporation (or to any subsidiary of the Corporation, or to any stockholder of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries) by any director or officer of the Corporation (or by any director or officer of any subsidiary of the Corporation) who is an Overlap Person. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director or officer of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation who is an Overlap Person thereof shall have or be under any fiduciary duty to the Corporation (or to any subsidiary of the Corporation, or to any stockholder of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries) to refrain from acting on behalf of the Corporation, any subsidiary of the Corporation or an Other Entity, in respect of any such contract, agreement, arrangement or transaction or performing any such contract, agreement, arrangement or transaction in accordance with its terms and each such director or officer of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation who is an Overlap Person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and shall be deemed not to have breached his or her duties of loyalty to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective stockholders, and not to have derived an improper personal benefit therefrom. 
 
 D. Amendment of this Policy. 
 
 No alteration, amendment or repeal of, or adoption of any provision inconsistent with, any provision of this Policy will have any effect upon (a) any agreement between the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof and any Other Entity, that was entered into before the time of such alteration, amendment or repeal or adoption of any such inconsistent provision (the Amendment Time ), or any transaction entered into in connection with the performance of any such agreement, whether such transaction is entered into before or after the Amendment Time, (b) any transaction entered into between the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof and any Other Entity, before the Amendment Time, (c) the allocation of any business opportunity between the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof and any Other Entity before the Amendment Time, or (d) any duty or obligation owed by any director or officer of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation (or the absence of any such duty or obligation) with respect to any Potential Business Opportunity which such director or officer was offered, or of which 
 3 

Exhibit 10.35 

 such director or officer otherwise became aware, before the Amendment Time (regardless of whether any proceeding relating to any of the above is commenced before or after the Amendment Time). 
 
 4 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 msgsexhibit2110630202310k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. 
 Subsidiaries 
 Exhibit 21.1 

ENTITY NAME 
 STATE COUNTRY 
 FORMED 
 3292592 Nova Scotia Company 
 Nova Scotia 
 Hartford Wolfpack, LLC 
 DE 
 Knicks Gaming, LLC 
 DE 
 Knicks Holdings, LLC 
 DE 
 MSG CLG, LLC 
 DE 
 MSG Esports, LLC 
 DE 
 MSG Flight Operations, L.L.C. 
 DE 
 MSG NYK Holdings, LLC 
 DE 
 MSG NYR Holdings, LLC 
 DE 
 MSGS Publishing, LLC 
 DE 
 MSGS Music, LLC 
 DE 
 MSGS Songs, LLC 
 DE 
 MSG Sports, LLC 
 DE 
 MSG Sports Ventures, LLC 
 DE 
 MSG Training Center, LLC 
 DE 
 New York Knicks, LLC 
 DE 
 New York Rangers, LLC 
 DE 
 Rangers Holdings, LLC 
 DE 
 Westchester Knicks, LLC 
 DE 

1 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 msgsexhibit2310630202310k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-207183 on Form S-8 of our reports dated August 17, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 New York, New York 
 August 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 msgsexhibit3110630202310k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 I, James L. Dolan certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date August 17, 2023 
 s James L. Dolan 
 James L. Dolan Executive Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 msgsexhibit3120630202310k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 I, Victoria M. Mink, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date August 17, 2023 
 s VICTORIA M. MINK 
 Victoria M. Mink Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 msgsexhibit3210630202310k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date August 17, 2023 
 s James L. Dolan 
 James L. Dolan Executive Chairman 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 msgsexhibit3220630202310k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date August 17, 2023 
 s VICTORIA M. MINK 
 Victoria M. Mink Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 msgs-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 msgs-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 msgs-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 msgs-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 msgs-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

