<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230714_10-K_edgar_data_1846235_0001654954-23-009151.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5053779</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>221616</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>895754</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1132962</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1192746</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1507472</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-23-009151.hdr.sgml : 20230714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714060420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-23-009151
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			International Media Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846235
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40687
		FILM NUMBER:		231087983

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1604 HWY 130
		CITY:			NORTH BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129603677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1604 HWY 130
		CITY:			NORTH BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-23-009151.txt : 20230714

10-K
 1
 imac_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

imac_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to ________________ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) , NJ (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of September 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was .25. As of July 12, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended March 31, 2023 Page PART I 4 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 8 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 9 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 9 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 9 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 9 PART II 10 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 10 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 10 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 11 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 19 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 19 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 20 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 20 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 20 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 20 PART III 21 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 21 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 26 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 26 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 27 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 31 PART IV 32 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 32 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 34 2 Table of Contents CERTAIN TERMS References to the Company, IMAQ, our, us or we refer to International Media Acquisition Corp., a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on January 15, 2021. References to our Sponsor refer to Content Creation Media LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our IPO refer to the initial public offering of International Media Acquisition Corp., which closed on August 2, 2021. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: ability to complete our initial business combination; success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; the lack of a market for our securities; use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or financial performance following our IPO. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview IMAQ is a Delaware blank check company established for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business transaction with one or more businesses or entities. If IMAQ does not consummate the Business Combination and fails to consummate an initial business combination by August 2, 2023 (unless IMAQ seeks stockholder approval to amend the Current Charter to extend the date by which an initial business combination may be consummated), then, pursuant to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, IMAQ will be required to dissolve and liquidate as soon as reasonably practicable, unless IMAQ seeks stockholder approval to amend IMAQ s certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which an initial business combination may be consummated. Offering Proceeds Held in Trust On August 2, 2021, IMAQ consummated the IPO of 20,000,000 units (the Public Units at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, IMAQ consummated the sale of 714,400 units (the Private Units in a private placement transaction with Content Creation Media LLC, IMAQ s sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,144,000. On August 6, 2021, in connection with the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 30,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional 82,500 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 825,000.The Private Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts, offering expenses and commissions from the initial public offering and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 230,000,000 of the net proceeds from the initial public and the sale of the Private Units was deposited into IMAQ s trust account (the Trust Account ), which is invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by use, until the earlier of (i) the consummation of a business combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account. Extension of the Time to Consummate the Business Combination On July 26, 2022, at a special meeting of the Company s stockholders, the stockholders approved a proposal to amend the Company s investment management trust agreement, dated as of July 28, 2021 (the IMTA ), by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, allowing the Company to extend the Combination Period two times for an additional three months each time, or from August 2, 2022 to February 2, 2023 by depositing into the Trust Account 350,000 for each three-month extension. On July 27, 2022, the Sponsor deposited an aggregate of 350,000 into IMAQ s Trust Account in order to extend the time available to us to consummate our initial business combination from August 2, 2022 to November 2, 2022. On October 28, 2022, the Sponsor deposited an additional 350,000 into IMAQ s Trust Account in order to extend the time available to us to consummate our initial business combination from November 2, 2022 to February 2, 2023. On January 27, 2023, at a special meeting of the Company s stockholders, the stockholders approved a proposal to amend the Company s charter and the IMTA, allowing the Company to further extend the Combination Period by an additional three (3) months, from February 2, 2023 to May 2, 2023, with an ability to further extend by three (3) additional one (1) month periods until August 2, 2023, by depositing into the trust account 385,541.10 for the three-month extension and 128,513.70 for each subsequent one-month extension. As of the date hereof, the Company has made all the extension payments required under the IMTA to extend the Combination Period to August 2, 2023. 4 Table of Contents On June 29, 2023, the Company filed a preliminary proxy statement in connection with a special meeting for the stockholders to vote to further extend the Combination Period by up to twelve (12) additional one (1) month periods from August 2, 2023 to August 2, 2024. The Company will file a definitive proxy statement and other documents required by the SEC and under applicable law at the appropriate time. Effecting a Business Combination On October 22, 2022, IMAQ entered into the SPA with Risee Entertainment Holdings Private Limited, a company incorporated in India, and Reliance Entertainment Studios Private Limited, company incorporated in India. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, a business combination between IMAQ and Reliance will be effected by the acquisition of 100 of the issued and outstanding share capital of Reliance from Seller in a series of transactions, the first of which (as further described in this proxy statement, the Initial Business Combination satisfies the Nasdaq Capital Market requirement that the fair market value of the initial business combination target company must be at least 80 of the balance in IMAQ s trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and interest released to pay franchise and income taxes) on the execution date of the SPA. The combined company following the consummation of the Initial Business Combination is referred to in this proxy statement as the Combined Company . The Business Combination is subject to the approval of the IMAQ stockholders as well as other closing conditions. If IMAQ does not consummate the Business Combination and fails to consummate an initial business combination by February 2, 2023, then, pursuant to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, IMAQ will be required to dissolve and liquidate as soon as reasonably practicable, unless IMAQ seeks stockholder approval to amend IMAQ s certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which an initial business combination may be consummated. Satisfaction of 80 Test The Nasdaq rules require that IMAQ s initial business combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriter s fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of IMAQ s signing a definitive agreement in connection with its initial business combination. As of October 22, 2022, the date of the execution of the SPA, the value of the net assets held in the Trust Account was approximately 21,468,570 and 80 thereof represents approximately 17.17 million. In determining whether the consideration for the Company Shares under the SPA represents the fair market value of Reliance. On the date of the Initial Closing of the Business Combination, which is referred to herein as the Initial Business Combination, IMAQ will purchase the Tranche 1 Company Shares for 40,000,000. As a result, IMAQ concluded that the fair market value of the business to be acquired at the Initial Closing will be significantly in excess of 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriter s fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). Redemption Rights for Holders of the Public Shares Pursuant to IMAQ s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, holders of the public shares will be entitled to redeem their public shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account (including interest earned on the pro rata portion of the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). IMAQ s initial stockholders do not have redemption rights with respect to any shares of IMAQ Common Stock owned by them, directly or indirectly. Automatic Dissolution and Subsequent Liquidation of the Trust Account if No Business Combination If IMAQ does not consummate the Business Combination and fails to consummate an initial business combination by February 2, 2023, then, pursuant to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, IMAQ will be required to dissolve and liquidate as soon as reasonably practicable, unless IMAQ seeks stockholder approval to amend IMAQ s certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which an initial business combination may be consummated. As a result, this has the same effect as if IMAQ had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under Delaware law. Accordingly, no vote would be required from the IMAQ stockholders to commence such a voluntary winding up, dissolution and liquidation. If IMAQ is unable to consummate the Business Combination and fails to consummate an initial business combination by February 2, 2023, it will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of IMAQ s outstanding public shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account upon the consummation of the Initial Business Combination (including interest earned on the pro rata portion of the Trust Account, net of taxes payable) and then seek to liquidate and dissolve, unless IMAQ seeks stockholder approval to amend the Current Charter to extend the date by which an initial business combination may be consummated. In the event of its dissolution and liquidation, the IMAQ Warrants will expire and will be worthless. 5 Table of Contents The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of IMAQ s creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of its public stockholders. IMAQ cannot guarantee that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, IMAQ s plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against it to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before IMAQ makes any distribution of its remaining assets to its stockholders. While IMAQ intends to pay such amounts, if any, IMAQ cannot guarantee that it will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although IMAQ will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which IMAQ does business execute agreements with it waiving any right, title, interest and claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of IMAQ s public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against IMAQ s assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, IMAQ s management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to it than any alternative. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with IMAQ and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to IMAQ if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to IMAQ, or a prospective target business with which IMAQ has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under IMAQ s indemnity of the underwriters of IMAQ s initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. IMAQ has not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of IMAQ. IMAQ has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, IMAQ cannot guarantee that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for IMAQ s initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, IMAQ may not be able to complete its initial business combination, and IMAQ s stockholders would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of their public shares. None of IMAQ s officers will indemnify IMAQ for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and the Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, IMAQ s independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While IMAQ expects that its independent directors would take legal action on its behalf against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to IMAQ, it is possible that IMAQ s independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. IMAQ has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and IMAQ cannot guarantee that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, IMAQ cannot guarantee that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 6 Table of Contents Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of IMAQ s trust account distributed to its public stockholders upon the redemption of its public shares in the event IMAQ does not complete its business combination by February 2, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of IMAQ s trust account distributed to its public stockholders upon the redemption of its public shares in the event IMAQ does not complete its business combination by February 2, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If IMAQ is unable to complete its business combination by February 2, 2023, IMAQ will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to IMAQ to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of IMAQ s remaining stockholders and their board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to IMAQ s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is IMAQ s intention to redeem its public shares as soon as reasonably possible following its 18th month and, therefore, IMAQ does not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, IMAQ s stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of its stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because IMAQ does not comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires IMAQ to adopt a plan, based on facts known to IMAQ at such time that will provide for its payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against it within the subsequent 10 years. However, because IMAQ is a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and its operations are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from its vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. Pursuant to the obligation contained in IMAQ s underwriting agreement dated July 28, 2021, IMAQ required that all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which it does business execute agreements with it waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against IMAQ are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, the Sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under IMAQ s indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 7 Table of Contents If IMAQ files a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against it that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in IMAQ s bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of its stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, IMAQ cannot guarantee that it will be able to return 10.00 per share to its public stockholders. Additionally, if IMAQ files a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against IMAQ that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by IMAQ s stockholders. Furthermore, IMAQ s board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to its creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and IMAQ to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. IMAQ cannot guarantee that claims will not be brought against it for these reasons. IMAQ s public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of its public shares if IMAQ does not complete its business combination by February 2, 2023, subject to applicable law, (ii) (a) in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of its public shares if IMAQ has not consummated an initial business combination by February 2, 2023, or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) IMAQ s completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those public shares that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in the final prospectus IMAQ filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021. In no other circumstances will a stockholder has any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Each of IMAQ s initial stockholders has agreed to waive its rights to participate in any liquidation of the Trust Account or other assets with respect to any shares of IMAQ common stock they hold. Employees IMAQ currently has two officers, Messrs. Sarkar and Joshi, who serve as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. The officers are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to IMAQ s matters. The amount of time the officers will devote to IMAQ in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected and the stage of the Business Combination process IMAQ is in. IMAQ does not have any other employees. Facilities IMAQ s executive offices are located at 1604 US Highway 130, North Brunswick, NJ 08902 and its telephone number is (212) 960-3677. The cost for IMAQ s use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee it pays to the Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. IMAQ considers its current office space adequate for its current operations. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against IMAQ or any members of its management team in their capacity as such. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. In addition to these risk factors, the Company has identified the following additional risk factors: 8 Table of Contents We may not be able to complete the Business Combination since such initial business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), or ultimately prohibited. The Sponsor, Content Creation Media LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company, is controlled by Shibasish Sarkar, an individual who resides in and is a citizen of India. We are therefore likely considered a foreign person under the regulations administered by CFIUS and will continue to be considered as such in the future for so long as the Sponsor has the ability to exercise control over us for purposes of CFIUS s regulations. While we believe that the nature of IMAQ s business, and the nature of the businesses of Reliance should not make the transaction subject to U.S. foreign regulations or review by a U.S. government entity, it is possible that the Business Combination may be subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If the Business Combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the Business Combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the Business Combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay the Business Combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to the Business Combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit the attractiveness of or prevent us from consummating the Business Combination. Moreover, the process of government review, whether by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete the Business Combination. If we fail to consummate an initial business combination prior to February 2, 2023 because the review exceeds such timeframe or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata share of the funds in the trust account, and our warrants and rights will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 1604 US Highway 130, North Brunswick, NJ 08902, and our telephone number is (212) 960-3677. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per-month fee (subject to deferral as described herein) payable to the Sponsor, for office space, utilities and secretarial services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 9 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our units began to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol IMAQU on or about July 29, 2021, and the shares of common stock, rights and warrants began separate trading on Nasdaq under the symbols IMAQ, IMAQR and IMAQW, respectively, on or about August 17, 2021. Holders of Record As of March 31, 2023, there were 8,520,018 of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately nine stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities There were no unregistered securities to report which have not been previously included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 10 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This Annual Report includes forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10 K. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Fiscal Year End Change As previously disclosed, we changed our fiscal year end from December 31 to March 31, effective for the fiscal year beginning April 1, 2022. Our current fiscal year began on April 1, 2022 and ended on March 31, 2023 ("Fiscal 2023"). We refer to the period beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2022 as the "transition period". We filed a Transition Report on Form 10-QT that included financial information for the transition period with the SEC on September 29, 2022. Our 2021 fiscal year began on January 1, 2021 and ended on December 31, 2021 ("Fiscal 2021"). There was no Fiscal 2022. We have presented the twelve months ended March 31, 2022 as a comparison to our results for Fiscal 2023 as we believe this comparison is more meaningful to a reader s understanding of our Fiscal 2023 results of operations than a comparison to Fiscal 2021. A comparison of the three-months ended March 31, 2022 to the three-months ended March 31, 2021 may be found in Part I, Item 2, of our Transition Report on Form 10-QT for the three-months ended March 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on September 29, 2022. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on January 15, 2021, in Delaware and formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination . We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Units (as defined below), the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. The issuance of additional shares in connection with an initial business combination: may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any such issuance; may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 11 Table of Contents may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock, rights and/or warrants. Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. Stock Purchase Agreement On October 22, 2022, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Risee Entertainment Holdings Private Limited, a company incorporated in India (the Seller ), and Reliance Entertainment Studios Private Limited, company incorporated in India (the Target Company ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, a business combination between us and the Target Company will be effected by the acquisition of 100 of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Target Company from Seller in a series of transactions (collectively, the Stock Acquisition ). Our board of directors has (i) approved and declared advisable the SPA and the other transactions contemplated thereby, and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the SPA and related transactions by our stockholders. In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the SPA, the Seller will, in exchange for the consideration set forth in the SPA, sell, transfer, convey, assign and deliver, all rights, title and interest in and to the shares of the Target Company (the Company Shares ), free and clear of all liens, excepting only restrictions on the subsequent transfer of the Company Shares by us imposed under applicable laws, our organizational documents, and the shareholders agreement entered into in connection with the SPA. Such purchases will be made in four separate tranches as described in the SPA, with the final purchase to be made on or prior to 18 months from the initial closing. The aggregate purchase price for the Company Shares under the SPA is 102,000,000, and in addition, we also agreed to make a primary investment into the Target Company in the amount of 38,000,000. The SPA contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed Stock Acquisition is subject to certain conditions as further described in the SPA. Please see the Current Report on Form 8-K we filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022 for additional information. 12 Table of Contents Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception), through March 31, 2023, were organizational activities, after IPO related to identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended March 31, 2023, we had net loss of 1,235,409, which consists of interest income on investments held in the trust account of 1,088,765 and change in warrant liability of 119,535, offset by operating costs of 2,236,076, and income tax provision of 207,632. For the year ended March 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 2,198,385, which consists of interest income on investments held in the trust account of 29,938 and change in warrant liability of 318,760, offset by operating costs of 2,547,083. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of March 31, 2023, we had 302 in our operating bank account available for working capital needs. All remaining cash was held in the trust account and is generally unavailable for our use prior to an initial business combination. On August 2, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 units (the Units ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock Public Share ), one right Public Right and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-twentieth of one share of common stock at the closing of our initial business combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase three-fourths of one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 714,400 units (the Private Units ), at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit 7,144,000 in the aggregate). Each Private Unit consists of one share of common stock Private Share ), one right Private Right and one warrant Private Warrant ). Each Private Right entitles the holder to receive one-twentieth of one share of common stock at the closing of our initial business combination. Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase three-fourths of one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share. The proceeds from the Private Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if our time to complete a business combination is extended), the proceeds of the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Units and all underlying securities will be worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the rights and warrants included in the Private Units. On August 6, 2021, in connection with the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 30,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional 82,500 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 825,000. We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement, including the funds held in the trust account, in connection with our initial business combination and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters in an amount equal to 3.5 8,050,000) of the total gross proceeds raised in the Initial Public Offering upon consummation of our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 13 Table of Contents In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until February 2, 2023, to consummate a Business Combination. The Company elected to take second extension, Sponsor deposited into the Trust Account 350,000 to extend the deadline from November 2, 2022, to February 2, 2023. On January 27, 2023, IMAQ held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). As approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter Amendment which became effective upon filing. The Charter Amendment changed the date by which IMAQ must consummate an initial business combination for an additional three (3) months, from February 2, 2023 to May 2, 2023, with an ability to further extend by three (3) additional one (1) month periods until August 2, 2023 (the Amended Combination Period ). On February 3, 2023, third extension payment of 385,541 was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the February 2, 2023, deadline to May 2, 2023. between June and July 2023 further three extension payment amounting to 385,539 was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline to August 2, 2023 If a Business Combination is not consummated by August 2, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, if a Business Combination not occur, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 2, 2023. Management has determined that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by August 2, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 2, 2023.Management plans to continue to draw down the funds on its promissory notes, repayable only if there is a Business Combination. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. We believe that the balance in our operating bank account as of March 31, 2023; available promissory note, off balance sheet loan arrangement and commitment from sponsor to provide further loan as and when required, will be insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for target business to consummate our initial business combination with and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately 134,950 for accounting, audit and other third-party expenses attendant to the structuring and negotiation of a business combination; 568,150 for due diligence, consulting, travel and miscellaneous expenses incurred during search for initial business combination target; 385,000 SEC extension fee; 182,000 for franchise tax payment and approximately 45,000 for working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. These amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. We may need to raise additional funds following the Initial Public Offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 14 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of March 31, 2023. Contractual Obligations Promissory Notes - Related Party On February 1, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Initial Promissory Note ), pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate of 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. On April 6, 2021 and June 17, 2021, we issued additional unsecured promissory notes to the Sponsor (the Additional Promissory Notes and, together with the Initial Promissory Note , the IPO Promissory Notes ), pursuant to which we may borrow up to an additional aggregate principal amount of 200,000. The IPO Promissory Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Notes was repaid on August 6, 2021. On January 14, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Post-IPO Promissory Note ), pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate of 500,000 in two installments of (i) up to 300,000 during the month of March 2022, and (ii) up to 200,000 during the month of June 2022 at our discretion. The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which we consummate an initial business combination. On March 29, 2022, we amended and restated the Post-IPO Promissory Note, such that the aggregate amount we can borrow at our discretion under the note increased from 500,000 in two installments as described above, to up to 750,000 in three installments of (i) up to 195,000 no later than February 28, 2022, (ii) up to 355,000 no later than April 30, 2022, and (iii) up to 200,000 no later than June 30, 2022. No other terms were amended pursuant to this amendment and restatement. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the promissory note was 750,000 and 195,000 respectively. On August 10, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the August 2022 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate of 895,000 in three installments of (i) up to 195,000 no later than July 31, 2022, (ii) up to 500,000 no later than October 31, 2022, and (iii) up to 200,000 no later than January 31, 2023 at the Company s discretion. The August 2022 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the August 2022 Promissory Note was 895,000 and 0 respectively. On November 18, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the November 2022 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate of 300,000 no later than March 31, 2023, at the Company s discretion. The November 2022 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the November 2022 Promissory Note was 300,000 and 0 respectively. On February 14, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the February 2023 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate amount of up to 500,000 in four installments of (i) up to 150,000 no later than February 28, 2023, (ii) up to 200,000 no later than March 31, 2023, (iii) up to 50,000 no later than April 30, 2023, and (iv) up to 100,000 no later than July 31, 2023, upon the request by the Company at the Company s discretion. The February 2023 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the February 2023 Promissory Note was 180,541 and 0 respectively. Loan Transfer Agreement On January 26, 2023, International Media Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),entered into a Loan and Transfer Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Loan Agreement ), by and among the Company, Content Creation Media, LLC (the Sponsor ), and the lender named therein (the Lender ), pursuant to which the Sponsor is permitted to borrow 385,541 (the Initial Loan and 128,513 per month, at the Company s discretion (each a Monthly Loan and collectively with the Initial Loan, the Loan which will in turn be loaned by the Sponsor to the Company, to cover certain extension payments to the trust account of the Company. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Loan shall be payable within five (5) days of the date on which Company consummates its de-SPAC transaction. 15 Table of Contents As additional consideration for the Lender making the Initial Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue 500,000 shares of Common Stock to the Lender (the Initial Securities ), and as additional consideration for the lender making each Monthly Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue 166,700 shares of Common Stock to Lender for each Monthly Loan. Such securities shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs or other contingencies, and shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration statement filed by the Company or the surviving entity following the de-SPAC Closing in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, or if no such registration statement is filed in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, the first registration statement filed subsequent to the de-SPAC Closing, which will be filed no later than 45 days after the de-SPAC Closing and declared effective no later than 90 days after the de-SPAC Closing. The proceeds of the Loan will be used for the Company to fund amounts deposited into the Company s trust account in connection with each extension. Underwriting Agreement On July 28, 2021, in connection with the Initial Public Offering, we entered into an underwriting agreement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein. Pursuant to the underwriting agreement, the underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 4,600,000 in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and full exercise of the over-allotment option. In addition, 0.35 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 8,050,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Right of First Refusal Subject to certain conditions, we granted Chardan, the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering, for a period of 18 months after the date of the consummation of our business combination, a right of first refusal to act as book-running manager, with at least 30 of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity and debt offerings. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(E)(i), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering. Chief Financial Officer Agreement On February 8, 2021, we entered into an agreement with Vishwas Joshi to act as our Chief Financial Officer for a period of twenty-four months from the date of listing of the Company on NASDAQ. We have agreed to pay Mr. Joshi up to 400,000, subject to successfully completing our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, we have agreed to pay Mr. Joshi 40,000. As of March 31, 2023, we have accrued 40,000 as expense. Consulting Agreements We have engaged Ontogeny Capital L T D Ontogeny to act as a management consulting and corporate advisor in the preparation of corporate strategies, management support and business plans for us. We paid Ontogeny 40,000 at the time of signing the engagement agreement and 35,000 upon the filing of the registration statement relating to the Initial Public Offering. We paid Ontogeny an aggregate of 1,650,000 upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. In addition, upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we have agreed to pay Ontogeny 2,875,000 for certain management consulting and corporate advisory services. On September 17, 2021, we entered into a consulting agreement, effective as of September 1, 2021, with F. Jacob Cherian, pursuant to which we engaged Mr. Cherian to provide financial advisory services to us for a period of 12 months. In consideration for his services, we agreed to pay Mr. Cherian a monthly consulting fee of 12,000 per month. Agreement was terminated in April 2022 and since no further payment accrued or paid under this agreement. On October 29, 2021, we entered into a letter of engagement and terms of business (the Letter of Engagement with Sterling Media Ltd Sterling Media ), pursuant to which we engaged Sterling Media to provide strategic media coverage for us commencing on October 29, 2021 and ending on June 30, 2022 (the Term of Engagement Letter ). In consideration for the services Sterling Media provides to us, we agreed to pay Sterling Media a total fee of 20,000 during the Term of Engagement Letter in accordance with the terms of the Letter of Engagement. An additional mutually agreed financial fee may be awarded to Sterling Media for deals secured by Sterling Media that may result in clearly significant brand enhancement and/or potential future income for us. 16 Table of Contents On October 29, 2021, we also entered into a consulting agreement with Priyanka Agarwal, pursuant to which we engaged Ms. Agarwal to provide strategy, management and financial advisory services to us, as specified in the consulting agreement, commencing on October 29, 2021 and ending on October 28, 2022 (the Term of Consulting Agreement ). On January 28, 2023, the Company extended the existing agreement till April 28, 2023.In consideration for the services Ms. Agarwal provides to us, we agreed to pay Ms. Agarwal a monthly consulting fee of 11,250 per month for the duration of the Term of Consulting Agreement in accordance with the payment schedule provided in the consulting agreement. In addition, we shall reimburse Ms. Agarwal for her reasonable and documented travel expenses incurred at our request. On January 12, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan ), pursuant to which we engaged Chardan to provide capital markets advisory services commencing from January 12, 2022 and ending on the close of a potential placement related to our initial business combination. In consideration for the services Chardan will provide to us, we agreed to pay Chardan a total fee of 5 of the aggregate sales price of securities sold in the financing transaction plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses capped at 25,000. On January 12, 2022, we also entered into a letter of engagement with Chardan, pursuant to which we engaged Chardan to provide merger and acquisition advisory services commencing from January 12, 2022 and ending on close of our initial business combination. In consideration for the services Chardan provides to us, we agreed to pay Chardan a total fee equal to: (i) if we enter into a business combination involving a party other than a target introduced by Chardan, one-half of one percent (0.5 of the aggregate value of the business combination; and (ii) if we consummate a business combination with a target introduced by Chardan, three percent (3 of the first 100 million aggregate value of the target, two percent (2.0 of the aggregate value of the target greater than 100 million but less than 200 million, and one percent (1.0 of the aggregate value of the target greater than 200 million but less than 300 million, paid at the close of the business combination plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses capped at 25,000. On March 18, 2022, we entered into an engagement letter with Ontogeny Capital relating to corporate advisory management consultancy services for the purpose of raising capital in form of a private investment in public equity PIPE financing. Ontogeny Capital will receive a contingent fee equal to 5 of the gross proceeds of securities sold in the PIPE up to 75 million in gross proceeds and 5.5 of the gross proceeds of securities sold in the PIPE from 75 million up to 150 million in gross proceeds. The engagement letter also provides for an additional incremental discretionary fee of 0.5 of gross proceeds if the gross proceeds of securities sold in a PIPE are above 150 million. On June 9, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with ADAS Capital Partners and Lone Cypress Holdings ADAS ), pursuant to which we engaged ADAS to provide Company with introduction to investors residing in geographies outside of United States of America, assist in negotiations with introduced parties, assist with closing with introduced parties, assets with getting certain capital back from certain individuals and any other services deemed appropriate. In consideration for the services ADAS will provide to us, we agreed to pay ADAS a total fee of 25,000. On June 24, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with Morrow Sodali Morrow ), pursuant to which we engaged Morrow to act as Solicitation Agent for our shareholders in connection with Company s Special Meeting (Extension Meeting) held in the third quarter of 2022. In consideration for the services Morrow provided to us, we agreed to pay Morrow a total estimated fee of 25,000. On June 28, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with Baker Tilly DHC Business Private Limited Baker ), pursuant to which we engaged Baker to provide Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) study in accordance with the extant provision of US GAAP ASC 805. In consideration for the services Baker will provide to us, we agreed to pay Baker a total estimated fee of 24,000. On July 7, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with Baker Tilly DHC Business Private Limited Baker ), pursuant to which we engaged Baker to provide Valuation of Intellectual Properties. In consideration for the services Baker will provide to us, we agreed to pay Baker a total estimated fee of 10,000. On July 20, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with Houlihan Capital, pursuant to which we engaged Houlihan to render a written opinion Opinion ), whether or not favorable, to the Board of Directors of the Company as to whether, as of the date of such Opinion, that the consideration to be issued or paid in the Transaction is fair from a financial point of view to the stockholders of the Company. In consideration for the services Houlihan will provide to us, we agreed to pay Houlihan a total estimated fee of 150,000. 17 Table of Contents On September 13, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with FNK IR, pursuant to which we engaged FNK to act as integrated investor and media relations partner on behalf of the Company. In consideration for the services FNK will provide to us, we agreed to pay FNK a monthly fee of 8,000 per month. On February 8, 2023, the contract was terminated. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. As the Public Shares are considered to be redeemable at fair value, and a redemption at fair value does not amount to a distribution different than other stockholders, redeemable and non-redeemable common stock are presented as one class of stock in calculating net loss per share. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and private placement to purchase an aggregate of 17,847,675 shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. Warrant Liability We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our common stock, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent annual period end date while the warrants are outstanding. Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption All of the 23,000,000 Public Shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the initial business combination and in connection with certain amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within our control require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all redeemable Public Shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Share Based Payment Arrangements On July 7, 2021, the Sponsor entered into agreements with two independent directors to transfer 95,000 Founder Shares to each director, subject to and upon closing of our initial business combination. As such, under ASC 718, these shares are transferred subject to a performance condition and compensation expense will be recognized at the date of a business combination when earned. On July 22, 2021, the Sponsor sold 30,000 of its Founder Shares to each of its five independent directors (the Directors (or 150,000 Founder Shares in total) for cash consideration of approximately 0.004 per share. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Directors was determined to be 787,500 as of July 22, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of 786,848 within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 18 Table of Contents On September 17, 2021, the Sponsor sold 25,000 of its Founder Shares to an additional independent director (the Additional Director for consideration of approximately 0.004 per share. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Additional Director was determined to be 141,250 as of September 17, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of 141,150 within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. On September 17, 2021, the Sponsor sold 75,000 of its Founder Shares to an independent consultant (the Consultant for consideration of approximately 0.004 per share. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Consultant was determined to be 423,750 as of September 17, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of 423,450 within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. ITEM 7A.QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. ITEM 8.CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 19 Table of Contents ITEM 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 20 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers. Name Age Position Shibasish Sarkar 51 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Vishwas Joshi 59 Chief Financial Officer Sanjay Wadhwa 57 Director David M. Taghioff 52 Director Deepak Nayar 64 Director PPul F. Pelosi, Jr. 54 Director Suresh Ramamurthi 56 Director Klaas P. Baks, Ph.D. 51 Director Shibasish Sarkar has served as our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer since our inception. Mr. Sarkar has extensive experience of over 27 years in the media industry. Mr. Sarkar has been handling multiple verticals across films, television, animation, gaming content and operations of digital and new media platforms. Since January 2019, Mr. Sarkar has been the Group CEO at Reliance Entertainment and was Group COO from September 2015 to December 2018. Reliance Entertainment is a part of the Reliance ADA Group, a leading private sector business serving over 250 million customers across financial services, infrastructure, power, telecommunications, media and entertainment, and healthcare sectors. Mr. Sarkar is also a member of the senior leadership team of Reliance ADA Group and serves as a director on the board of various Reliance ADA Group companies. Mr. Sarkar has hands-on experience and domain expertise within geographic markets of India, UK, and China, having helmed the distribution and production of hundreds of films having collaborated with the leading filmmakers actors of Indian film industry. Mr. Sarkar has been a pioneer in producing digital content with clients across major OTT and TV Video-On-Demand platforms like Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Disney+ Hotstar and SonyLIV. Mr. Sarkar has set up a marquee roster of showrunners and directors, delivering shows worth 22 million in the preceding 24 months through multiple shows contracted with streaming platforms with an aggregate value in the pipeline of approximately 80 million. Sanjay Wadhwa has served as a member on our Board of Directors since our inception. Since 1993, Mr. Wadhwa has been the Managing Partner of AP International Group, established in 1958, now one of the oldest film studios in southern India. AP International Group has been involved in film financing, acquisition, distribution, and handling of over 1000 films since its inception. Mr. Wadhwa, with over 35 years of experience in the field of Indian media and entertainment industry, has expertise in film financing, international distribution and syndication, digital media services platform and content production. Mr. Wadhwa is a well-known media personality in Southern India and within the Tamil, Telugu, and Malayalam speaking markets in Middle East, North America and South-East Asia, with notable contribution to trade and film exporting organizations. Mr. Wadhwa has been a member of the Entrepreneurs Organization, Chennai since 2000 and was the second Indian to be on the global board of Entrepreneurs Organization, Alexandria, Virginia, USA (2014 to 2017). Mr. Wadhwa also serves as Chairman of Phonographic Digital Limited and was also the former director in Recorded Music Performance Ltd. Vishwas Joshi has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception. Mr. Joshi is a certified cost accountant having over 28 years of experience in the fields of media and entertainment, consumer goods and manufacturing services. Until recently, Mr. Joshi was associated with Walt Disney Company India in the capacity of executive director and head of studio finance from June 2007 to September 2020. Mr. Joshi has also worked with Sahara One Media and Entertainment, Capital Foods, Tata Oil Mills, CEAT and Batliboi accounting firm. Mr. Joshi s expertise is spread across finance, accounts (India and US standards), treasury, audits, business planning and strategy and general management. Mr. Joshi has expertise in M A transactions and post-merger integrations. Mr. Joshi was employed with UTV during the time Disney acquired 100 stake in UTV, and he was extensively involved in the transaction. After the aforesaid acquisition, Mr. Joshi continued as head of studio finance for UTV Studio and Walt Disney Studio India. Subsequently, he was also involved in the transaction relating to Disney acquiring Fox Star Studio and continued as head of studio finance for UTV/ Disney/Fox. 21 Table of Contents David M. Taghioff became a member of our Board of Directors on July 28, 2021. Mr. Taghioff has lead Library Pictures International, LLC, a global local-language content financier, since May 2019. Library was launched in May 2019 to support industry-leading filmmakers across the globe by investing in local production slates. From August 2011 to April 2020, Mr. Taghioff served at leading entertainment and sports agency Creative Artists Agency (CAA) and finally in the capacity of Co-Head of Global Client Strategy where he worked across the agency identifying new business opportunities for the agency s clients, with an emphasis on the international marketplace. He advised corporate clients on their international initiatives, and he also worked with film and television clients on cross-border opportunities, brokering multiple film slate deals as well as packaging episodic content and film deals for Netflix and Amazon in India. From April 2010 to August 2011, he was Chief Operating Officer of Octagon, Inc. s entertainment division. Prior to Octagon, from August 2006 to January 2010, Mr. Taghioff served as the Co-Head of William Morris Agency s London office. Mr. Taghioff graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Urban Planning (Economics) from the University of Southern California. He received his Juris Doctorate from Santa Clara University School of Law and is a member of the California State Bar. Deepak Nayar became a member of our Board of Directors on July 28, 2021. Based in Los Angeles, Mr. Nayar has worked as a film and television producer since 1996 and is known for his association with films like Lost Highway, Buena Vista Social Club, Bend It Like Beckham, Bride and Prejudice, Vampire Academy, Dredd, Partition 1947, and The Mistress of Spices. Mr. Nayar has won awards from the Imagen Foundation and the Online Film and Television Association. He has also been nominated for Grammy Awards, BAFTA Award and European Film Awards. He completed his Bachelor s degree in English Literature from Hindu College, University of Delhi. Paul Pelosi Jr. became a member of our Board of Directors on July 28, 2021. Mr. Pelosi is an experienced advisor to emerging growth and Fortune 500 companies in the areas of finance, infrastructure, sustainability and public policy. From March 2020 to the present, Mr. Pelosi has provided business development management services to ST Biosciences. From January 2021 to the present, he has also provided sales services to St. Georges Eco-Mining. From January 2002 to the present, Mr. Pelosi has advised clients on real estate transactions as a registered broker. He has been a member of the California State Bar since 1996. From March 2006 to October 2008, Mr. Pelosi served as Vice President of Corporate Strategy at InfoUsa, where he identified and executed mergers, acquisitions, and business partnerships. Mr. Pelosi s previous experience includes working in a variety of positions in sales, corporate finance, loan origination, and institutional sales at Bank of America Securities from 1996 to 2001, JP Morgan Chase from 2001 to 2003, Bank of America Countrywide from 2003 to 2008, and at WR Hambrecht from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Pelosi is a graduate of Georgetown University with a BA in History (Cum Laude) and graduate of the Georgetown Law Center with a joint JD/MBA with an emphasis in International Business. Suresh Ramamurthi became a member of our Board of Directors on July 28, 2021. Mr. Ramamurthi has been Chairman of CBW Bank since 2013 and has also served as the bank s CTO. Mr. Ramamurthi leads CBW Bank s initiatives to support and foster innovation including working with financial services start-ups. In 2009, the current ownership acquired the struggling Citizens Bank in Weir, Kansas and transformed the 123-year-old single-branch institution through the use of disruptive financial technology. Mr. Ramamurthi was named American Banker s Innovator of the Year for 2015. Mr. Ramamurthi served on the Board of Trustees for the Kansas Public Employees Retirement System (KPERS) from July 2013 to June 2021, having served as Chairman of the investment committee and Chairman of the Board of Trustees. KPERS has more than 23 billion AUM and serves more than 281,000 retirees. Previously, Mr. Ramamurthi served as a Board Member of Kansas Film Commission. He has a Bachelor s degree in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Anna University, Guindy, India, a Master s degree in Computer Science from the Rutgers-NJIT Joint Program and an MBA in Finance from the University of Chicago. 22 Table of Contents Klaas P. Baks became a member of our Board of Directors on September 17, 2021. Dr. Baks is the Co-Founder and Director of the Emory Center for Alternative Investments and has been a finance professor at Emory University s Goizueta Business School since September 2002. He teaches courses in private equity, venture capital and distressed investing and has been recognized with nine awards, including Emory University s highest award for teaching excellence, the Emory Williams Distinguished Teaching Award, the Marc F. Adler Prize for Teaching Excellence awarded by alumni and the Donald R. Keough Award for Excellence. Since October 2014, Dr. Baks has served as the Atlanta Chair for Tiger 21, a peer-to-peer learning network for high-net-worth investors whose members manage more than 50 billion and are entrepreneurs, inventors and top executives focused on improving investment acumen and exploring common issues of wealth preservation, estate planning and family dynamics. Dr. Baks also serves as a director or advisor for various companies and investment funds, including Vistas Media Acquisition Company Inc. (Nasdaq: VMAC) (since August 2020), American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: AVCT) (since July 2017) - acquired through a SPAC business combination, Buckhead One Financial (since January 2018), JOYN (from May 2017 to March 2020), Peachtree Hotel Group (since August 2016), Backend Benchmarking (since April 2018) and TWO Capital Partners (since September 2009). Dr. Baks also has served on the Investment Committee of the Westminster Schools Board of Trustees from September 2017 to August 2020. Prior to joining Emory University, he held positions at Fuji Bank in Tokyo, Japan, Deutsche Bank in Hong Kong and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C. Dr. Baks s research and teaching focuses on issues in alternative investments, entrepreneurial finance and investment management, and he has published papers in numerous academic and business journals, including the Wall Street Journal. Dr. Baks studied at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, during which he spent two years at Harvard University as part of his doctoral research on the performance of actively managed mutual funds, and earned a Ph.D. in finance. He also earned a Master of Arts in economics from Brown University, a Master of Science in econometrics, cum laude from Groningen University and a diploma in Japanese language and business studies from Leiden University. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of seven directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of each of directors will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that the board of directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a Chief Executive Officer and a Secretary, none of whom need be a member of the board of directors. The board of directors may also choose a Chairman from among the directors, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurers and Assistant Treasurers. The board of directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the board of directors. The same person may hold two or more offices. Director Independence Nasdaq requires that a majority of our board must be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. David M. Taghioff, Deepak Nayar, Paul Pelosi Jr., Suresh Ramamurthi, and Klaas P. Baks are our independent directors. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. We will only enter into transactions with our officers and directors and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Any related-party transactions must be approved by our audit committee and a majority of disinterested directors.. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee 23 Table of Contents Our Audit Committee has been established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act and consists of David M. Taghioff, Deepak Nayar, Suresh Ramamurthi and Klaas P. Baks, each of whom is an independent director under the Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Suresh Ramamurthi is the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent auditor; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. Financial Experts on Audit Committee Pursuant to Nasdaq rules, the audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Ramamurthi, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC, which generally is any person who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. Director nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or NASDAQ rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. David M. Taghioff, Deepak Nayar, Klaas P. Baks, Paul Pelosi Jr. and Suresh Ramamurthi will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the NASDAQ rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 24 Table of Contents The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders Compensation Committee Our Compensation Committee consists of David M. Taghioff, Suresh Ramamurthi and Klaas P. Baks each of whom is an independent director under the Nasdaq listing standards. Mr. Taghioff is the Chairperson of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers and reviewing and making recommendations with respect to all non-executive officer compensation; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment of 10,000 per month to our Sponsor for general and administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. Code of Ethics We adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. You may review our Code of Ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 25 Table of Contents Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Employment Agreements On February 8, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Vishwas Joshi to act as Chief Finance Officer of the Company for a period of twenty-four months from the date of listing of the Company on NASDAQ. The Company has agreed to pay Mr. Joshi up to 400,000, subject to the Company successfully completing a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company has agreed to pay Mr. Joshi 40,000. We have otherwise not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. Executive Officers and Director Compensation No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Other than as disclosed about with regard to Mr. Joshi, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information, as of August , 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each of our officers and directors, and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the rights or exercise of the warrants, as the rights and warrants are not exercisable within 60 days. 26 Table of Contents Number of Percentage Shares of Beneficially Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Owned Shares Shibasish Sarkar(2) 6,296,900 73.91 Vishwas Joshi - - Sanjay Wadhwa - - David M. Taghioff 30,000 Deepak Nayar 30,000 Paul F. Pelosi, Jr. 30,000 Suresh Ramamurthi 30,000 Klaas P. Baks 25,000 All officers and directors as a group 6,441,900 75.61 (8 individuals) Content Creation Media LLC (Our Sponsor) (3) 6,296,900 73.91 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Content Creation Media LLC, 1604 US Highway 130, North Brunswick, NJ 08902. (2) Consists of shares owned by Content Creation Media LLC, over which Shibasish Sarkar has voting and dispositive power. Mr. Sarkar disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares, except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. (3) Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Shibasish Sarkar, has voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by Content Creation Media LLC. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Founder Shares On February 9, 2021, the Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of 5,750,000 share of common stock (the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares of common stock subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Units and underlying securities and assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). On August 6, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, thus these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor and the other holders of the Founder Shares (the initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50 of the Founder Shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of an initial Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 50 of the Founder Shares, six months after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to an initial Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 27 Table of Contents On July 22, 2021, the Sponsor sold 30,000 of its Founder Shares to each of its five independent directors (the Directors (or 150,000 Founder Shares in total) for cash consideration of approximately 0.004 per share. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Directors was determined to be 787,500 as of July 22, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of 786,848 within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. On September 17, 2021, the Sponsor sold 25,000 of its Founder Shares to an additional independent director (the Additional Director for consideration of approximately 0.004 per share. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Additional Director was determined to be 141,250 as of September 17, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of 141,150 within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. On September 17, 2021, the Sponsor sold 75,000 of its Founder Shares to an independent consultant (the Consultant for consideration of approximately 0.004 per share. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Consultant was determined to be 423,750 as of September 17, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of 423,450 within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Promissory Notes - Related Party On February 1, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Initial Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate of 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. On April 6, 2021, and June 17, 2021, the Company issued additional unsecured promissory notes to the Sponsor (the Additional Promissory Notes and, together with the Initial Promissory Note , the IPO Promissory Notes ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an additional aggregate principal amount of 200,000. The IPO Promissory Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2022, or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Notes was repaid on August 6, 2021. On January 14, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Post-IPO Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate of 500,000 in two installments of (i) 300,000 during the month of March 2022, and (ii) 200,000 during the month of June 2022 at the Company s discretion. The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. On March 29, 2022, the Company amended and restated the Post-IPO Promissory Note, such that the aggregate amount the Company can borrow at its discretion under the note increased from 500,000 in two installments as described above, to up to 750,000 in three installments of (i) up to 195,000 no later than February 28, 2022, (ii) up to 355,000 no later than April 30, 2022, and (iii) up to 200,000 no later than June 30, 2022. No other terms were amended pursuant to this amendment and restatement. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the promissory note was 750,000 and 195,000 respectively. On August 10, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the August 2022 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate of 895,000 in three installments of (i) up to 195,000 no later than July 31, 2022, (ii) up to 500,000 no later than October 31, 2022, and (iii) up to 200,000 no later than January 31, 2023, at the Company s discretion. The August 2022 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the August 2022 Promissory Note was 895,000 and 0 respectively. 28 Table of Contents On November 18, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the November 2022 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate of 300,000 no later than March 31, 2023, at the Company s discretion. The November 2022 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the November 2022 Promissory Note was 300,000 and 0 respectively. On February 14, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the February 2023 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate amount of up to 500,000 in four installments of (i) up to 150,000 no later than February 28, 2023, (ii) up to 200,000 no later than March 31, 2023, (iii) up to 50,000 no later than April 30, 2023, and (iv) up to 100,000 no later than July 31, 2023, upon the request by the Company at the Company s discretion. The February 2023 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the February 2023 Promissory Note was 180,541 and 0 respectively. Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, to pay the Sponsor up to a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Under this agreement, the amounts paid to the Sponsor were 120,000 for the period ended March 31, 2023 and 80,000 for the period ended March 31, 2022, and are included in operating and formation costs in the statements of operations. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding under this agreement is 200,000 and 80,000, respectively. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Units. Loan and Transfer Agreement On January 26, 2023, the Company entered into a Loan and Transfer Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Loan Agreement ), by and among the Company, Content Creation Media, LLC (the Sponsor ), and the lender named therein (the Lender ), pursuant to which the Sponsor was permitted to borrow 385,541 (the Initial Loan and 128,513 per month, at the Company s discretion (each a Monthly Loan and collectively with the Initial Loan, the Loan which will in turn be loaned by the Sponsor to the Company, to cover certain extension payments to the trust account of the Company. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Loan shall be payable within five (5) days of the date on which Company consummates its de-SPAC transaction. As additional consideration for the Lender making the Initial Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue 500,000 shares of Common Stock to the Lender (the Initial Securities ), and as additional consideration for the lender making each Monthly Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue 166,700 shares of Common Stock to Lender for each Monthly Loan. Such securities shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs or other contingencies, and shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration statement filed by the Company or the surviving entity following the de-SPAC Closing in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, or if no such registration statement is filed in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, the first registration statement filed subsequent to the de-SPAC Closing, which will be filed no later than 45 days after the de-SPAC Closing and declared effective no later than 90 days after the de-SPAC Closing. 29 Table of Contents The proceeds of the Loan were used for the Company to fund amounts deposited into the Company s trust account in connection with each extension of the time available for the Company to consummate a business combination. General Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are entitled to be reimbursed for certain bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our insiders or any of the members of our management team, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Related Party Policy Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position We also require each of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 30 Table of Contents To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our insiders, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm and the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time) that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. In no event will our insiders, or any of the members of our management team be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see - Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . ITEM 14 . PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. On June 24, 2023, the Company dismissed Marcum LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company. On June 24, 2023, the Audit Committee approved the engagement of Mercurius Associates LLP Mercurius as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm, effective immediately, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Fees The fees billed by Mercurius for fiscal year 2023, the transition period, and fiscal year 2021 for services rendered to the Company were as follows: Fiscal Year 2023 (April 1, 2022 - March 31, 2023) Transition Period (January 1, 2022 - March 31, 2022) Fiscal Year 2021 (January 1, 2021 - December 31, 2021) Audit Fees (1) 35,000 - - Audit-Related Fees (2) - - - Tax Fees(3) - - - All Other Fees(4) - - - (1) Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. (3) Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. (4) All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors The audit committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm as provided under the audit committee charter. Changes in Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm As previously disclosed, on June 24, 2023, upon the approval of its Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Audit Committee of the Company, the Company dismissed Marcum LLP Marcum as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. As previously disclosed, Marcum audited the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2021, the related statement of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). The report of Marcum on such financial statements did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. As previously disclosed, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the subsequent interim periods through the date of dismissal, there have been no: (i) disagreements (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) with Marcum on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Marcum, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements or (ii) reportable events (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). The Company provided Marcum a copy of the foregoing disclosure and requested that Marcum provide a letter addressed to the Securities Exchange Commission confirming their agreement with such disclosure. A copy of Marcum s letter, dated June 28, 2023, was filed as Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 28, 2023. As previously discussed, on June 24, 2023, upon the approval of the Audit Committee, the Company engaged Mercurius Associates LLP Mercurius as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, effective immediately. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the subsequent interim periods through the date of Mercurius engagement, neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf consulted Mercurius regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company's consolidated financial statements and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company by Mercurius that Mercurius concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to such accounting, auditing, or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) or a reportable event (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 31 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements: Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID - F-1 Balance Sheet F-2 Statement of Operations F-3 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Statement of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 32 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of International Media Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of International Media Acquisition Corp., (the Company as of March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations, statements of comprehensive (loss)/ income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023, three months ended March 31, 2022 (transition period), and the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023, three months ended March 31, 2022 (transition period), and the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying Financial Statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in para Liquidity and Going Concern of Note 1 to the Financial Statements, If a Business Combination is not consummated by August 2, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this uncertainty are also described in the Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Emphasis of Matter We draw attention to Note 1 to the financial statements which describe that, on August 16, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a change to the Company s fiscal year end from December 31 to March 31, in accordance with the Company s Bylaws. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. Critical audit matter The Critical Audit Matter are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. (Formerly known as AJSH Co LLP) We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023 July 12, 2023 F-1 Table of Contents INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Investments held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued expenses - related party Promissory note- related party Income tax payable Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Warrant liability Total Liabilities Commitments (see Note 7) Common stock subject to possible redemption: , and shares issued and outstanding at , and redemption value as of March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Stockholders' Deficit Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding , and shares subject to possible redemption as of March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholder's Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholder's Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements F-2 Table of Contents INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended March 31, 2023 Three-Months Ended March 31, 2022 (transition period) For the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 Formation and operating costs Stock-based compensation expense Loss from operations Expensed offering costs Change in fair value of warrant liability Interest and dividend income on investments held in trust account Loss before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net loss per common share The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements F-3 Table of Contents INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Total Stockholder's Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance at January 15, 2021 (inception) - Issuance of common stock to Sponsor Proceeds from Initial Public Offering allocated to Public Warrants, net of offering costs - Proceeds from Initial Public Offering allocated to Public Rights, net of offering costs - Proceeds from sale of Private Units to Sponsor allocated to Private Shares, net of offering costs Proceeds from sale of Private Units to Sponsor allocated to Private Rights, net of offering costs - Accretion of Public Shares to redemption value - Stock-based compensation - Net loss - Balance at December 31, 2021 Net loss - Accretion of Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption - Balance at March 31, 2022 Net loss - Accretion of Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption - Balance at March 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements F-4 Table of Contents INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended March 31, 2023 Three-Months Ended March 31, 2022 (transition period) For the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense Expensed offering costs Interest and dividend income on investments held in trust account Change in fair value of warrant liability Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Accounts payable and accrued expenses Income tax payable Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from Investing Activities: Cash deposited in Trust Account Cash withdrawn from trust account to pay franchise tax Cash withdrawn from trust account in connection with redemption Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting discount paid Proceeds from the sale of private units Proceeds from promissory note - related party Advance from Sponsor Repayment of advance from Sponsor Offering costs paid Redemption of common stock Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net Change in Cash Cash - Beginning of period Cash - End of period Non-cash investing and financing activities Accretion of Public Shares to redemption value Deferred underwriting fee payable Repayment of promissory note through issuance of private units Offering costs paid in exchange for private units Offering costs paid via promissory note - related party Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements F-5 Table of Contents INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS units (the Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Units ), at a price of per Private Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Content Creation Media LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. On August 6, 2021, in connection with the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Units, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Units, at a price of per Private Unit, in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units, a total of was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and was invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. The Company will provide the holders (the public stockholders of the shares of common stock included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s rights or warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity( ASC 480 ). F-6 Table of Contents either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval and assuming a quorum is present at the meeting, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor and the other holders of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares, their Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or don t vote at all. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor and the other initial stockholders (as defined in Note 5) have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive their liquidation rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to complete (a Business Combination within months (or up to months if the Company extends the period of time) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if the Company extends the period of time) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Sponsor and the other initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below). The Company will have until 15 months (or up to 18 months if the Company extends the period of time) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). On January 27, 2023, IMAQ held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). As approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter Amendment which became effective upon filing. The Charter Amendment changed the date by which IMAQ must consummate an initial business combination for an additional three ) months, from February 2, 2023 to May 2, 2023, with an ability to further extend by three (3) additional one (1) month periods until August 2, 2023 (the Amended Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Amended Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining holders of common stock and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s rights and warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Amended Combination Period. F-7 Table of Contents per Public Share or (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. On October 22, 2022, International Media Acquisition Corp. IMAQ entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Risee Entertainment Holdings Private Limited, a company incorporated in India Seller ), and Reliance Entertainment Studios Private Limited, company incorporated in India (the Target Company ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, a business combination between the Company and the Target Company will be effected by the acquisition of of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Target Company from Seller in a series of transactions (collectively, the Stock Acquisition ). The aggregate purchase price for the shares of the Target Company under the SPA is , and in addition, the Company also agreed to make a primary investment into the Target Company in the amount of , which will be used solely for the purposes of repayment of inter-company loans aggregating to as existing on the books of the Target Company at the initial closing of the Stock Acquisition. Extension Payment and Shares Redemption Initially, the Company was required to complete its initial business combination transaction by August 2, 2022, which was months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period ). On July 26, 2022, at a special meeting of the Company s stockholders (the Extension Meeting ), the stockholders approved a proposal to amend the Company s investment management trust agreement, dated as of July 28, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ), by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Trustee ), allowing the Company to extend the Combination Period two times for an additional three months each time, or from August 2, 2022 to February 2, 2023 (the Trust Amendment by depositing into the Trust Account 350,000 for each three-month extension. In connection with the proposal, the Company s public stockholders had the right to redeem their shares of common stock for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two days prior to such stockholder vote. Public stockholders holding shares of the Company s common stock (out of a total of shares of common stock held by public stockholders) exercised their right to redeem such shares at a redemption price of approximately per share. On January 27, 2023, IMAQ held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). As approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter Amendment which became effective upon filing. The Charter Amendment changed the date by which IMAQ must consummate an initial business combination for an additional three (3) months, from February 2, 2023 to May 2, 2023, with an ability to further extend by three (3) additional one (1) month periods until August 2, 2023 (the Amended Combination Period ). On July 26, 2022, the extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the August 2, 2022, deadline to November 2, 2022. On October 28, 2022, a second extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the November 2, 2022, deadline to February 2, 2023. On February 3, 2023, third extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the February 2, 2023, deadline to May 2, 2023. F-8 Table of Contents was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline to August 2, 2023. On June 23, 2023, fifth partial extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline to August 2, 2023. On July 11, 2023, the sixth complete extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline to August 2, 2023. Liquidity and Going Concern As of March 31, 2023, the Company held cash outside the Trust Account of available for working capital needs. All remaining cash held in the Trust Account is generally unavailable for the Company s use, prior to an initial Business Combination, and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination, to redeem Common Stock or for making tax payments. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until February 2, 2023, to consummate a Business Combination. The Company elected to take second extension, Sponsor deposited into the Trust Account 350,000 to extend the deadline from November 2, 2022, to February 2, 2023.On January 27, 2023, IMAQ held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). As approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter Amendment which became effective upon filing. The Charter Amendment changed the date by which IMAQ must consummate an initial business combination for an additional three (3) months, from February 2, 2023 to May 2, 2023, with an ability to further extend by three (3) additional one (1) month periods until August 2, 2023 (the Amended Combination Period ). On February 3, 2023, third extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the February 2, 2023, deadline to May 2, 2023 and between June and July 2023 further three extension payment amounting to was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline to August 2, 2023 If a Business Combination is not consummated by August 2, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, if a Business Combination does not occur, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 2, 2023. Management has determined that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by August 2, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 2, 2023. Management plans to continue to draw down the funds on its promissory notes, repayable only if there is a Business Combination. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a prospective target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. Additionally, as a result of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. F-9 Table of Contents Emerging Growth Company Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Investments Held in Trust Account days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities are reported in the statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. F-10 Table of Contents Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption Public Shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all redeemable Public Shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. As of March 31, 2023, the redeemable common stock reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table: Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants Proceeds allocated to Public Rights Issuance costs allocated to common stock Plus: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Common stock subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2022 Plus: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Less: Redemption Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 Plus: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Less: Redemption Common stock subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2023 Offering Costs associated with the Initial Public Offering F-11 Table of Contents as a result of the Initial Public Offering (consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering costs). The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity in connection with the Public Shares. The Company recorded as a reduction of permanent equity in connection with the Public Warrants, Public Rights, Private Shares and Private Rights. The Company immediately expensed of offering costs in connection with the Private Warrants that were classified as liabilities. Share-Based Payment Arrangements Income Taxes Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. F-12 Table of Contents Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock Concentration of Credit Risk . The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Recent Accounting Standards Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of one share of common stock, one right Public Right and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-twentieth of one share of common stock at the closing of a Business Combination (see Note 8). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase three-fourths of one share of common stock at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). F-13 Table of Contents additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Private Units at a price of per Private Unit in the aggregate). Each Private Unit consists of one share of common stock Private Share ), one right Private Right and one warrant Private Warrant ). Each Private Right entitles the holder to receive one-twentieth of one share of common stock at the closing of a Business Combination (see Note 8). Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase three-fourths of one share of common stock at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). The proceeds from the Private Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Units and all underlying securities will be worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Rights and Private Warrants. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Units at a price of per Private Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of share of common stock (the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares of common stock subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Units and underlying securities and assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). On August 6, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, thus these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor and the other holders of the Founder Shares (the initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to of the Founder Shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a trading day period following the consummation of an initial Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining of the Founder Shares, six months after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to an initial Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. On July 7, 2021, the Sponsor entered into agreements with two independent directors of the Company to transfer Founder Shares to each director, subject to and upon closing of the Company s initial business combination. As such, under ASC 718, these shares are transferred subject to a performance condition and compensation expense will be recognized at the date of a business combination when earned. On July 22, 2021, the Sponsor sold of its Founder Shares to each of its five independent directors (the Directors (or Founder Shares in total) for cash consideration of approximately per. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Directors was determined to be as of July 22, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. On September 17, 2021, the Sponsor sold of its Founder Shares to an additional independent director (the Additional Director for consideration of approximately per. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Additional Director was determined to be as of September 17, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. F-14 Table of Contents of its Founder Shares to an independent consultant (the Consultant for consideration of approximately per. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Consultant was determined to be as of September 17, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Promissory Notes - Related Party On February 1, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Initial Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate of to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. On April 6, 2021, and June 17, 2021, the Company issued additional unsecured promissory notes to the Sponsor (the Additional Promissory Notes and, together with the Initial Promissory Note , the IPO Promissory Notes ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an additional aggregate principal amount of . The IPO Promissory Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2022, or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Notes was repaid on August 6, 2021. On January 14, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Post-IPO Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate of in two installments of (i) during the month of March 2022, and (ii) 200,000 during the month of June 2022 at the Company s discretion. The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. On March 29, 2022, the Company amended and restated the Post-IPO Promissory Note, such that the aggregate amount the Company can borrow at its discretion under the note increased from in two installments as described above, to up to in three installments of (i) up to no later than February 28, 2022, (ii) up to no later than April 30, 2022, and (iii) up to no later than June 30, 2022. No other terms were amended pursuant to this amendment and restatement. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the promissory note was and respectively. On August 10, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the August 2022 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate of in three installments of (i) up to no later than July 31, 2022, (ii) up to no later than October 31, 2022, and (iii) up to no later than January 31, 2023, at the Company s discretion. The August 2022 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the August 2022 Promissory Note was and respectively. On November 18, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the November 2022 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate of no later than March 31, 2023, at the Company s discretion. The November 2022 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the November 2022 Promissory Note was and respectively. F-15 Table of Contents in four installments of (i) up to no later than February 28, 2023, (ii) up to no later than March 31, 2023, (iii) up to no later than April 30, 2023, and (iv) up to no later than July 31, 2023, upon the request by the Company at the Company s discretion. The February 2023 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding on the February 2023 Promissory Note was and respectively. Loan Transfer Agreement On January 26, 2023, International Media Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),entered into a Loan and Transfer Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Loan Agreement ), by and among the Company, Content Creation Media, LLC (the Sponsor ), and the lender named therein (the Lender ), pursuant to which the Sponsor is permitted to borrow (the Initial Loan and per month, at the Company s discretion (each a Monthly Loan and collectively with the Initial Loan, the Loan which will in turn be loaned by the Sponsor to the Company, to cover certain extension payments to the trust account of the Company. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Loan shall be payable within five (5) days of the date on which Company consummates its de-SPAC transaction. As additional consideration for the Lender making the Initial Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue shares of Common Stock to the Lender (the Initial Securities ), and as additional consideration for the lender making each Monthly Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue shares of Common Stock to Lender for each Monthly Loan. Such securities shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs or other contingencies, and shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration statement filed by the Company or the surviving entity following the de-SPAC Closing in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, or if no such registration statement is filed in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, the first registration statement filed subsequent to the de-SPAC Closing, which will be filed no later than 45 days after the de-SPAC Closing and declared effective no later than 90 days after the de-SPAC Closing. The proceeds of the Loan will be used for the Company to fund amounts deposited into the Company s trust account in connection with each extension. Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, to pay the Sponsor up to a total of per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Under this agreement, the amounts paid to the Sponsor were for the period ended March 31, 2023 and for the period ended March 31, 2022, and are included in operating and formation costs in the statements of operations. As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the amount outstanding under this agreement is and , respectively. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Units. F-16 Table of Contents per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and full exercise of the over-allotment option. In addition, per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Right of First Refusal Subject to certain conditions, the Company has granted Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, for a period of months after the date of the consummation of its Business Combination, a right of first refusal to act as book-running manager, with at least of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity and debt offerings. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)I(i), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering. Chief Financial Officer Agreement On February 8, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Vishwas Joshi to act as Chief Financial Officer of the Company for a period of twenty-four months from the date of listing of the Company on NASDAQ. The Company has agreed to pay Mr. Joshi up to , subject to the Company successfully completing a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company has agreed to pay Mr. Joshi . Expense recognized in the Company s Statement of Operations for the period from April 01, 2022, through March 31, 2023, under this agreement was . The accrued under this agreement is as of March 31, 2023. Management Consulting Agreement The Company has engaged Ontogeny Capital L T D Ontogeny to act as a management consulting and corporate advisor in the preparation of corporate strategies, management support and business plans for the Company. The Company paid Ontogeny at the time of signing the engagement agreement and upon the initial confidential filing of the Company s registration statement. The Company paid Ontogeny an aggregate of upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. In addition, upon the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, the Company has agreed to pay Ontogeny for certain management consulting and corporate advisory services. Consulting Agreements On September 17, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement, effective as of September 1, 2021, with F. Jacob Cherian, pursuant to which the Company engaged Mr. Cherian to provide financial advisory services to the Company for a period of 12 months. In consideration for his services, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Cherian a monthly consulting fee of per month. Agreement was terminated in April 2022 and since then no further payment accrued or paid under this agreement. F-17 Table of Contents . An additional mutually agreed financial fee may be awarded to Sterling Media for deals secured by Sterling Media that may result in clearly significant brand enhancement and/or potential future income for the Company. On October 29, 2021, the Company also entered into a consulting agreement with Priyanka Agarwal, pursuant to which the Company engaged Ms. Agarwal to provide strategy, management and financial advisory services to the Company, as specified in the consulting agreement, commencing on October 29, 2021, and ending on October 28, 2022 (the Term of Consulting Agreement ). On January 28, 2023, the Company extended the existing agreement till April 28, 2023. In consideration for the services Ms. Agarwal provides to the Company, the Company agreed to pay Ms. Agarwal a monthly consulting fee of per month for the duration of the Term of Consulting Agreement in accordance with the payment schedule provided in the consulting agreement. In addition, the Company shall reimburse Ms. Agarwal for her reasonable and documented travel expenses incurred at the request of the Company. Expense recognized in the Company s Statement of Operations for the period from April 01, 2022 through March 31, 2023 under this agreement was . On January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a letter of engagement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan ), pursuant to which the Company engaged Chardan to provide capital markets advisory services commencing from January 12, 2022 and ending on the close of a potential placement related to the Company s initial business combination. In consideration for the services Chardan will provide to the Company, the Company agreed to pay Chardan a total fee of of the aggregate sales price of securities sold in the financing transaction plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses capped at . On January 12, 2022, the Company also entered into a letter of engagement with Chardan, pursuant to which the Company engaged Chardan to provide merger and acquisition advisory services commencing from January 12, 2022 and ending on close of the Company s initial business combination. In consideration for the services Chardan provides to the Company, the Company agreed to pay Chardan a total fee equal to: (i) if the Company enters into a business combination involving a party other than a target introduced by Chardan, one-half of one percent of the aggregate value of the business combination; and (ii) if we consummate a business combination with a target introduced by Chardan, three percent of the first 100 million aggregate value of the target, two percent .0 of the aggregate value of the target greater than 100 million but less than 200 million, and one percent .0 of the aggregate value of the target greater than 200 million but less than 300 million, paid at the close of the business combination plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses capped at . On March 18, 2022, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Ontogeny Capital relating to corporate advisory management consultancy services for the purpose of raising capital in form of private investment in public equity PIPE financing. Ontogeny Capital will receive a contingent fee equal to 5 of the gross proceeds of securities sold in the PIPE up to million in gross proceeds and 5.5 of the gross proceeds of securities sold in the PIPE from million up to million in gross proceeds. The engagement letter also provides for an additional incremental discretionary fee of 0.5 of gross proceeds if the gross proceeds of securities sold in a PIPE are above million. On June 9, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with ADAS Capital Partners and Lone Cypress Holdings ADAS ), pursuant to which we engaged ADAS to provide Company with introduction to investors residing in geographies outside of United States of America, assist in negotiations with introduced parties, assist with closing with introduced parties, assets with getting certain capital back from certain individuals and any other services deemed appropriate. In consideration for the services ADAS will provide to us, we agreed to pay ADAS a total fee of . On June 24, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with Morrow Sodali Morrow ), pursuant to which we engaged Morrow to act as Solicitation Agent for shareholders of International Media Acquisition Corp. IMAQ or the Company in connection with Company s Special Meeting (Extension Meeting) to be held in the third or fourth quarter of 2022 or such other time as determined by the Company (the Business Combination Meeting pursuant to the terms of the final Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and when amended and approved by the SEC and distributed to your shareholders (the SEC Approval Date ). In consideration for the services Morrow will provide to us, we agreed to pay Morrow a total estimated fee of . On June 28, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with Baker Tilly DHC Business Private Limited Baker ), pursuant to which we engaged Baker to provide Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) study in accordance with the extant provision of US GAAP ASC 805. In consideration for the services Baker will provide to us, we agreed to pay Baker a total estimated fee of . F-18 Table of Contents . On July 20, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with Houlihan Capital, pursuant to which we engaged Houlihan to render a written opinion Opinion ), whether or not favorable, to the Board of Directors of the Company as to whether, as of the date of such Opinion, that the consideration to be issued or paid in the Transaction is fair from a financial point of view to the stockholders of the Company. In consideration for the services Houlihan will provide to us, we agreed to pay Houlihan a total estimated fee of . On September 13, 2022, we entered into a letter of engagement with FNK IR, pursuant to which we engaged FNK to act as integrated investor and media relations partner on behalf of the Company. In consideration for the services FNK will provide to us, we agreed to pay FNK a monthly fee of per month. On February 8, 2023, the contract was terminated. Public Warrants and Private Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) the completion of a Business Combination or (b) one year from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within days from the consummation of an initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration the Securities Act. No Public Warrants will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the shares of common stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, the Company cannot guarantee that it will be able to do so and, if the Company does not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and the Company will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the shares of common stock are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the Company will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. The Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant: at any time while the warrants are exercisable; upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds per share, for any trading days within a trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire -day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. F-19 Table of Contents trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether the Company will exercise its option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors, including the price of the Company s shares of common stock at the time the warrants are called for redemption, the Company s cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.50 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an initial Business Combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s shares of common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Price is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Price, and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Price. The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except the Private Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of an initial Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, Private Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Company accounts for the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option (including Public Warrants and Private Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. The Public Warrants qualify for equity treatment under ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the Private Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each Private Warrant must be recorded as a liability at fair value. The accounting treatment for derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the Private Warrants as derivative liabilities at fair value upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and subsequently at the end of each reporting period. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to its current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of March 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of March 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding (including shares of common stock subject to possible redemption). Rights Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will automatically receive one-twentieth (1/20) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of a Public Right converted all shares held by him, her or it in connection with a Business Combination or an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with respect to its pre-Business Combination activities. In the event that the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of a Business Combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-twentieth (1/20) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. F-20 Table of Contents in order to receive shares for all of the holders rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company redeems the Public Shares for the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire worthless. Liabilities Warrant liability - Private Warrants The Company utilizes a Black-Scholes method to value the Private Warrants at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations. The estimated fair value of the warrant liability is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a binomial options pricing model are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the Private Warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero. The following table provides the significant inputs to the Black-Scholes method for the fair value of the Private Warrants: Common stock price Dividend yield Term to Business Combination (years) Volatility Risk-free rate Fair value F-21 Table of Contents Initial measurement as of August 2, 2021 Additional warrants issued in over-allotment Fair value as of August 2, 2021 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of March 31, 2022 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of March 31, 2023 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy for the period from April 01, 2022, through March 31, 2023. The Company recognized a gain in the accompanying Statement of Operations of related to change in fair value of warrant liability for the period from April 01, 2022, through March 31, 2023. Net operating loss Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Deferred tax asset, net of allowance The income tax benefit (provision) consists of the following: State Deferred Federal State Valuation allowance Income tax provision In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the period from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023, the change in the valuation allowance was . A reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 is as follows F-22 Table of Contents New Jersey statutory rate Change in fair value of warrant liability Expensed offering costs Change in valuation allowance Stock Compensation Income Taxes Provision (Benefit) The effective tax rate differs from the federal and state statutory rate of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, due to the valuation allowance recorded on the Company's net operating losses, as well as the change in the fair value of warrant liability, stock compensation expenses, warrant issuance costs, and state income taxes net of federal benefit. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and New Jersey. The Company s tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2021, remain open and subject to examination. was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline to August 2, 2023. On June 23, 2023, fifth partial extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline to August 2, 2023. On June 24, 2023, upon the approval of its Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Audit Committee of International Media Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), the Company dismissed Marcum LLP Marcum as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the Company engaged Mercurius Associates LLP Mercurius (formerly known as the AJSH Co LLP) the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, effective immediately. On July 11, 2023, the sixth complete extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline to August 2, 2023. F-23 Table of Contents (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) Exhibits The following exhibits are filed with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. 33 Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment, dated January 27, 2023, to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of IMAQ (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Form 8K filed by the Registrant on February 2, 2023). 3.2 By Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 7, 2021). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on July 13, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 7, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on June 25, 2021). 4.4 Specimen Right Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on June 25, 2021). 4.5 Warrant Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form 8K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 4.6 Rights Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 4.7 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022). 10.1 Letter Agreements, dated July 28, 2021, by and between the Company and each of the Company s officers, directors and initial stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 10.3 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, by and among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial stockholders of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, by and among the Company and the initial stockholders of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Form 8K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 10.5 Subscription Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Content Creation Media LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 10.6 Indemnity Agreements, dated July 28, 2021, by and between the Company and each of the directors and officers of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 10.7 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Content Creation Media LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 10.8 Management Consulting Corporate Advisory Services Engagement Letter, dated May 5, 2021, between the Registrant and Ontogeny Capital L T D (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 7, 2021). 10.9 Management Consulting Corporate Advisory Services Supplemental Engagement Letter, dated May 5, 2021, between the Registrant and Ontogeny Capital L T D (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on June 25, 2021). 10.10 Consulting Agreement, effective as of September 1, 2021, by and between the registrant and Finney Jacob Cherian (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on September 21, 2021). 10.11 Letter of Engagement and Terms of Business, dated October 29, 2021, by and between the registrant and Sterling Media Ltd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 4, 2021). 10.12 Consulting Agreement, dated October 29, 2021, by and between the registrant and Priyanka Agarwal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 4, 2021). 10.13 Employment agreement with Vishwas Joshi. 10.14 Amended and Restated Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022). 10.15 Form of Loan and Transfer Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 26, 2023). 10.16 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Trident Acquisitions Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated July 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on July 26, 2022). 10.17 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 27, 2023, by and between IMAQ and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on February 2, 2023). 14 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 7, 2021) . 21.1 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Filed herewith. ITEM 16.FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 34 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. Dated: July 13, 2023 By: /s/ Shibasish Sarkar Name: Shibasish Sarkar Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Shibasish Sarkar Chief Executive Officer and Chairman July 13, 2023 Shibasish Sarkar (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Vishwas Joshi Chief Financial Officer July 13, 2023 Vishwas Joshi (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) /s/ Sanjay Wadhwa Director July 13, 2023 Sanjay Wadhwa /s/ David M. Taghioff Director July 13, 2023 David M. Taghioff /s/ Deepak Nayar Director July 13, 2023 Deepak Nayar /s/ Paul F. Pelosi, Jr. Director July 13, 2023 Paul F. Pelosi, Jr. /s/ Suresh Ramamurthi Director July 13, 2023 Suresh Ramamurthi /s/ Klaas P. Baks Director July 13, 2023 Klaas P. Baks 35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 imac_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imac_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Shibasish Sarkar, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of International Media Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: July 13, 2023 /s/ Shibasish Sarkar Shibasish Sarkar Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 imac_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imac_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Vishwas Joshi, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of International Media Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: July 13, 2023 /s/ Vishwas Joshi Vishwas Joshi Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 imac_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imac_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of International Media Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Shibasish Sarkar, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: July 13, 2023 /s/ Shibasish Sarkar Shibasish Sarkar Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 imac_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imac_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of International Media Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Vishwas Joshi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: July 13, 2023 /s/ Vishwas Joshi Vishwas Joshi Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 imaq-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 imaq-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 imaq-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 imaq-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

