<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230816_10-K_edgar_data_1857910_0001599916-23-000177.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2379587</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123465</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>777283</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>476453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>377984</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>576366</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001599916-23-000177.hdr.sgml : 20230816
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230816143622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001599916-23-000177
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230816
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230816

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dr. Foods, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001857910
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56277
		FILM NUMBER:		231177865

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3F K MINAMIAOYAMA
		STREET 2:		6-6-20 MINAMIAOYAMA
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			107-0062
		BUSINESS PHONE:		81-90-6002-4978

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3F K MINAMIAOYAMA
		STREET 2:		6-6-20 MINAMIAOYAMA
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			107-0062

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Catapult Solutions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001599916-23-000177.txt : 20230816

10-K
 1
 drfs_10k23o.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

 OR 

[ ] TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from to 

 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER:

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 

(State or other
 jurisdiction 
 of incorporation
 or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
 No.) 

3F
 K s Minamiaoyama 6-6-20 Minamiaoyama, Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-0062, Japan 
 107-0062 

(Address of Principal Executive
 Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Securities to be registered
under Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

 Securities to be registered
under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange
 on which 
 registered 

Common
 Stock, 0.0001 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [ ] Yes
 [X] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 [ ] Yes
 [X] 

Indicate by check mark
if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 [ ] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

[ ] Yes [X] 

As of September 30, 2022,
the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the
voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing price per share (or
 0.55), of the registrant s common stock as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. 

As of August 16, 2023, there were shares
of the Registrant's Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 10,000 shares of the Registrant s Series Z Preferred Stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

- 1 - 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 Dr.
Foods, INC. 

PART
 I 

PAGE 
 
 Item
 1 
 Business 
 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 6 

PART II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 7 
 
 Item
 6 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management's
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F1-F9 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 
 9 

PART III 

Item
 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 10 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 11 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 12 

PART IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 13 

Signatures 
 
 13 

-
2 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item
1. Business 

Corporate History 

Dr. Foods, Inc.
(we, us, our, the Company or the Registrant ), formerly known as Catapult Solutions, Inc., was incorporated in
the State of Nevada on February 26, 2021. 

On February 26,
2021, Jeffrey DeNunzio was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director of Catapult Solutions, Inc. 

The Company
was created for the sole purpose of participating in a Nevada holding company reorganization pursuant to NRS 92A.180, NRS 92A.200,
NRS 92A.230 and NRS 92A.250. The constituent corporations in the Reorganization were Ambient Water Corporation AWGI 
or Predecessor ), Catapult Solutions, Inc. Successor ), and Catapult Merger Sub, Inc. Merger
Sub ). Our now former director, Jeffrey DeNunzio, was the sole director/officer of each constituent corporation in the
Reorganization, which is described below. 

Catapult Solutions,
Inc. issued 1,000 common shares of its common stock to Predecessor and Merger Sub issued 1,000 shares of its common stock to Catapult
Solutions, Inc. immediately prior to the Reorganization. As such, immediately prior to the merger, Catapult Solutions, Inc. became a
wholly owned direct subsidiary of Ambient Water Corporation and Merger Sub became a wholly owned and direct subsidiary of Catapult Solutions,
Inc. 

Pursuant to the
above, on April 23, 2021, Ambient Water Corporation filed Articles of Merger with the Nevada Secretary of State. The merger became effective
on April 28, 2021, at 4:00 PM EST Effective Time ). At the Effective Time, Predecessor was merged with and into Merger
Sub (the Merger), and Predecessor became the surviving corporation. Each share of Predecessor common stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of Catapult Solutions,
Inc. s common stock. At the time of the merger, 10,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock were issued to CRS Consulting, LLC, a
Wyoming LLC owned and controlled by Jeffrey DeNunzio, Thomas DeNunzio and Paul Moody, for services rendered to the Company. Series Z
Preferred Stock has no conversion rights to any other class, and every vote of Series Z Preferred Stock has voting rights equal to 1,000,000
votes of Common Stock. 

On July
20, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement by and among CRS Consulting, LLC, a
Wyoming Limited Liability Company CRS ), White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japan Company WKC ), and Next Meats
Holdings, Inc., a Nevada Company NXMH ), pursuant to which, on July 23, 2021, Closing Date ), CRS sold
10,000 shares of the Company s Series Z Preferred Stock, representing, at the time, approximately 81.20 voting control of the
Company; 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock were transferred to WKC and 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock were
transferred to NXMH. WKC and NXMH paid consideration of three hundred seventy-five thousand dollars 375,000) (the Purchase
Price ). The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement resulted in a change in control of the Company,
with WKC and NXMH, becoming the Company s largest controlling stockholders at the time of the transaction. 

On the Closing
Date, July 23, 2021, Mr. Jeffrey DeNunzio resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director. On the Closing Date, Mr. Koichi Ishizuka was appointed as the Company s Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director. 

On August 24, 2021,
the Company changed its name with the Nevada Secretary of State to Dr. Foods, Inc. 

On
or about September 17, 2021, we incorporated Dr. Foods Co., Ltd., a Japan Company, as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. We intend
to utilize Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. to, amongst other things, act as an importer, reseller, developer, and manufacturer of various food products
that we may develop in the future. 

At
this time, our wholly subsidiary, Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. has three officers, Koichi Ishizuka, Chief Executive Officer, and two
Executive Officers, Iaroslav Patuk and Hideo Fujioka. 

On October 11,
2021, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary Dr. Foods Co., Ltd., entered into and consummated a Collaboration Agreement 
with Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japan company that shares common management with the Company, to co-develop new food products and subsequently
offer them for sale. Next Meats Co., Ltd. operates in the alternative meat industry. It currently offers, and plans to
continue to offer, amongst other things, artificial chicken and beef products made from meat substitutes. 

The
Collaboration Agreement is for a period of two years and may be renewed thereafter under the same terms for additional one year
terms unless terminated in writing, with three months notice, by either party. The Collaboration Agreement, amongst other
things, details the terms and conditions by which Next Meats Co., Ltd. and Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. may co-develop, cooperate and
contribute towards the development of new products and technologies. The specific allotment of tasks per project was supposed to be
determined in writing by each party at the outset of collaborative efforts. To date, no specific details have been committed to
writing, despite the fact that collaborative efforts have begun. It has been verbally determined that Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. will
primarily, although not exclusively, contribute to research and development, and Next Meats Co., Ltd. will primarily, although not
exclusively, contribute to distribution of new products/technologies. Costs pursuant to the collaborative efforts of the partners
are, anticipated to be, the respective responsibility of the party responsible for fulfilling such tasks. 

On November 3,
2021, we began trading under the symbol DRFS. The new CUSIP number associated with our common stock, as of the market effective date
of November 3, 2021, is 26140D107. 

On January 12,
2022, Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company, Mama Foods Co., Ltd., a Japan Company, and White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japan Company entered
into a non-definitive agreement, a Letter of Intent , whereas it was proposed that Dr. Foods, Inc., will acquire 100 
of the controlling interest of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. from White Knight Co., Ltd. in exchange for 500,000 coupled with the issuance
of 19,500,000 shares of restricted Preferred Stock to White Knight Co., Ltd. The issuance of shares shall be subject to the rules
and limitations set forth by the Securities Act Rule 144. 

White
Knight Co., Ltd. is a Japanese entity owned and controlled by Koichi Ishizuka. 

-
3 - 

Table of Contents 

Mama Foods, Co.,
Ltd. Mama Foods is a food company founded in Japan in 1958, currently offering customers in Japan wholesale and retail
products centering on Japanese side dishes, from chilled foods to packed and sterilized food. Mama Foods uses ingredients carefully taken
from natural kelp and bonito without adding any chemical seasonings, preservatives, coloring agents, etc. Mama Foods has two existing
 in house production facilities and produces 100 of its current product offerings. From time to time, it also produces
products of other third parties, including certain products offered for sale by Next Meats Co., Ltd., such as Next Kalbi 2.0 ,
a boneless short rib made from meat substitutes. Currently, Mama Foods employs approximately 44 individuals. In 2021, White Knight Co.,
Ltd. acquired 100 of Mama Foods from its prior controller, in exchange for approximately 1 million USD. The current website for Mama
Foods, which includes additional information, can be found here: mama-foods.com/en/ 

On March 31, 2022, Dr. Foods, Inc.
and Mama Foods mutually agreed to extend the terms of the non-definitive agreement 30 more days in order to provide more time to prepare
the books and records of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. This extension period had expired without the books and records of Mama Foods Co.,
Ltd. having been prepared or progressed in any meaningful capacity. On May 6, 2022 the parties again agreed to extend the terms of the
non-definitive agreement, however this time with an expiration date of June 30, 2022, or until, if agreed upon by all parties, further
notice. 

On June 30, 2022, the non-definitive agreement terminated without the books
and records of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. having been prepared or progressed to the satisfaction of the Issuer. Upon termination, common management
of both Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and Dr. Foods, Inc. verbally agreed to extend the letter of intent indefinitely until further notice. 

The efforts to spearhead preparation of the books and records had
been, and continues to be, led by Koichi Ishizuka who has outside business interests and other demands upon his time that limit his
availability. It should also be noted that he does not have expertise in accounting matters. As such, the Company has engaged
outside accounting expertise to assist in this process. The Company cannot state, with any level of certainty, when, or if, the
books and records will be prepared to the satisfaction of the Issuer, and as such, when the books and records of Mama Foods Co.,
Ltd. will be fully audited by a PCAOB auditor. 

Currently,
the Company is pending moving forward with the acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. due to the fact that Mama Foods Co., Ltd. requires,
and has yet to complete, a PCAOB audit of its financial statements for the last two fiscal years. At this time, the audit is actively
taking place by M K CPAS, PLLC M K ). However, we understand that progress has been minimal. 

The
Company cannot estimate with any level of certainty how long the aforementioned audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. may take to complete. The Company does not intend to acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd., under any terms, prior to the completion of its PCAOB
audit. 

There
is a risk that the audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is not completed at all, and/or that we never acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd. Even if the
acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is completed, there is the possibility that the terms of this acquisition, which is non-definitive
at this time, may not be considered favorable for the company and/or its shareholders. 

In February of
2022, our majority shareholders executed a resolution to ratify, affirm, and approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation,
increasing the authorized sha res of our Common Stock from 2,400,000,000 to 4,800,000,000. The Amendment
was filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 22, 2022, effective immediately upon filing. 

On or about April 7, 2022, the
Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Dr. Foods Co., Ltd., consummated a Collaborative Research Agreement (herein
referred to as the CRA with the National University Corporation Osaka University. Together with Osaka University, Dr
Foods Co., Ltd. plans to research, develop, and take other related measures to evaluate the function of lab-grown meat.
Specifically, both parties will endeavor to research the cultivation of animal cells, and evaluate the differences in functionality
between livestock meat, lab-grown meat and meat substitutes. The agreement terminates on March 31, 2025. The collaborative efforts
are planned to take place at the Matsuzaki Laboratory, located within the Department of Applied Chemistry, at the Graduate School of
Engineering - Osaka University. Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. will bear responsibility for any direct expenses related to the CRA, which are
estimated to be 2,000,000 Yen (approximately 15,623 at today s exchange rate). To date, there are no material updates to
report regarding this venture as no research efforts have yet to take place. 

On
or about July 1, 2022, NXMH sold 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock of
DRFS, to WKC, at a price of approximately 147,624 USD (20,000,000 Japanese Yen) The Share Purchase Agreement ). WKC
is owned and controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Koichi Ishizuka. WKC is deemed to be an accredited investor. The purchase
of shares was made for investment purposes. The consummation of the transaction contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement
resulted in NXMH no longer having an equity position in DRFS and with WKC becoming the largest controlling shareholder of
DRFS. 

On
July 11, 2022, DRFS dismissed its independent registered public accounting firm, BF Borgers CPA
PC BFG effective immediately. This decision was approved by the Company s Board of Directors, comprised solely
of Koichi Ishizuka. 

On
July 11, 2022, the Company engaged M K CPAS, PLLC M K as its new independent registered public accountant for
the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. This decision was approved by the Company s Board of Directors, comprised solely of Koichi
Ishizuka. 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company filed a certificate of change (the certificate with the Nevada Secretary of State to
effect a reverse stock split (the stock split ), whereas every 200 shares of the Company s issued and outstanding
common stock would be automatically converted into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in the par
value per share. The effective date of the certificate was September 21, 2022. Fractional shares as a result of the stock split were
rounded up to the nearest whole number. The stock split affected all shares of the Company s common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the stock split. The authorized shares prior and following the stock split remain the
same at 4,800,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Immediately prior to the stock split, we had
2,622,968,890 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Immediately following the September 21, 2022 effective date of the
stock split, we had 13,114,888 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The effective date listed on the Certificate of
September 21, 2022 differs from the Market Effective Date of the Reverse Stock Split, which was on September 28, 2022. The FINRA
Daily List Announcement Date was on September 27, 2022. Our new CUSIP number for our shares of Common Stock is 26140D206. 

On
or about October 17, 2022, we incorporated DR FOODS (S) PTE. LTD., a Singapore Private Company limited by shares. DR FOODS (S) PTE.
LTD., which may be referred to herein as, DRFS Singapore is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Currently,
and as of April 2023, there is one Officer and Director of DRFS Singapore, which is Mr. Koichi Ishizuka. Any and all previous
officers and directors of DRFS Singapore are no longer with DRFS Singapore. 

The
intended business purpose of DRFS Singapore is primarily, but not limited to, further researching, developing, and, in the future, selling
food products in Singapore, some of which may be plant based or cultured meats. 

Currently,
we operate through Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. and DRFS Singapore and share the same business plan as that of Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. and DRFS Singapore. 

At this time, we
neither rent nor own any properties. We utilize the office space and equipment of Next Meats Co., Ltd., as well as office space of
our management, at no cost. Management estimates such amounts to be immaterial. 

The Company has elected March 31st as its
year end. 

Overview 

Currently,
we operate through Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. and DRFS Singapore and share the same business plan as that of Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. and DRFS Singapore. 

At present, our principal focus is on the
creation of plant-based food products to replace traditional animal products, while retaining the taste and texture of the original.

Our company philosophy is to save
the next generation of food through science and technology through conducting scientific studies of the world s
foods. We believe that plant based foods will not only become increasingly popular over the course of the next century, but that they
will also help to solve, or alleviate, many of the problems created by the current meat supply chain. Some, but certainly not all, of
the negative environmental effects that have been associated with meat production are pollution through fossil fuel usage, animal methane,
effluent waste, and water and land consumption. 

On October 11, 2021, we, through our wholly
owned subsidiary Dr. Foods Co., Ltd., entered into and consummated a Collaboration Agreement with Next Meats Co., Ltd.,
a Japan company that shares common management with the Company, to co-develop new food products and subsequently offer them for sale.
Next Meats Co., Ltd. operates in the alternative meat industry. It currently offers, and plans to continue to offer, amongst
other things, artificial chicken and beef products made from meat substitutes. 

- 4 - 

Table of Contents 

 On January 12, 2022, Dr. Foods, Inc., a
Nevada Company, Mama Foods Co., Ltd., a Japan Company, and White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japan Company entered into a non-definitive
agreement, a Letter of Intent , whereas it was proposed that Dr. Foods, Inc., will acquire 100 of the controlling
interest of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. from White Knight Co., Ltd. in exchange for 500,000 coupled with the issuance of 19,500,000 shares
of restricted Preferred Stock to White Knight Co., Ltd. The issuance of shares shall be subject to the rules and limitations set
forth by the Securities Act Rule 144. The terms of this non-definitive agreement may be subject to change. 

On March 31, 2022, Dr. Foods, Inc.
and Mama Foods mutually agreed to extend the terms of the non-definitive agreement 30 more days in order to provide more time to prepare
the books and records of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. This extension period had expired without the books and records of Mama Foods Co.,
Ltd. having been prepared or progressed in any meaningful capacity. On May 6, 2022 the parties again agreed to extend the terms of the
non-definitive agreement, however this time with an expiration date of June 30, 2022, or until, if agreed upon by all parties, further
notice. 

On June 30, 2022, the non-definitive agreement terminated without the books
and records of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. having been prepared or progressed to the satisfaction of the Issuer. Upon termination, common management
of both Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and Dr. Foods, Inc. verbally agreed to extend the letter of intent indefinitely until further notice. 

Mama Foods, Co., Ltd. Mama Foods is a food company founded in Japan in 1958, currently offering customers in Japan wholesale and retail products centering on Japanese
side dishes, from chilled foods to packed and sterilized food. Mama Foods uses ingredients carefully taken from natural kelp and bonito
without adding any chemical seasonings, preservatives, coloring agents, etc. Mama Foods has two existing in house production
facilities and produces 100 of its current product offerings. From time to time, it also produces products of other third parties, including
certain products offered for sale by Next Meats Co., Ltd., such as Next Kalbi 2.0 , a boneless short rib made from meat
substitutes. Currently, Mama Foods employs approximately 44 individuals. In 2021, White Knight Co., Ltd. acquired 100 of Mama Foods
from its prior controller, in exchange for approximately 1 million USD. The current website for Mama Foods, which includes additional
information, can be found here: mama-foods.com/en/ 

The
sole shareholder of Mama Foods is WKC which is owned and controlled by Koichi Ishizuka. Koichi Ishizuka is Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, and Director of Dr. Foods, Inc., Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and White Knight Co., Ltd. 

Currently,
the Company is pending moving forward with the acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. due to the fact that Mama Foods Co., Ltd. requires,
and has yet to complete, a PCAOB audit of its financial statements for the last two fiscal years. At this time, the audit is actively
taking place by M K CPAS, PLLC M K ). However, we understand that progress has been minimal. The exchange of information
between Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and M K has been spearheaded by Koichi Ishizuka, who has minimal time, resources, and expertise to expedite
such a process. Koichi Ishizuka has also engaged the services of an accounting professional to better facilitate the exchange of information
and communication, however, as mentioned, such efforts have been slow going and progress has been minimal as it relates to the completion
of an audit. The Company cannot estimate with any level of certainty how long the aforementioned audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. may take
to complete. The Company does not intend to acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd., under any terms, prior to the completion of its PCAOB audit. 

The
Company does not intend to acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd., under any terms, prior to the completion of its PCAOB audit for
 its past two fiscal years. We require that Mama Foods Co., Ltd. s last two fiscal year ends, at minimum,
be audited by a PCAOB. 

There
is a risk that the audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is not completed at all, and/or that we never acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd. Even if
the acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is completed, there is the possibility that the terms of this acquisition, which is
non-definitive at this time, may not be considered favorable for the company and/or its shareholders. There are also risks we may
not realize further revenues, that we do not grow our business at the rate we expect, that we are unable to fulfill our business
agenda, that we are unable to add products to our current lineup, and numerous other risks associated with any start up stage
company that one should consider before investing in our common stock. Any investment in our common stock is extremely high risk and
should only be made by those who can afford the entire loss of their investment. 

Currently Available Products 

1. Dr. Foie Gras 

Foie gras is a specialty food product made
of the liver of a duck or goose. According to French law, foie gras is defined as the liver of a duck or goose fattened by gavage (force
feeding). It is a popular and well-known delicacy in French cuisine. Its flavor is described as rich, buttery, and delicate, unlike that
of an ordinary duck or goose liver. Foie gras is sold whole or is prepared into mousse, parfait, or p t , and may also be
served as an accompaniment to another food item, such as steak. French law states that "Foie gras belongs to the protected cultural and
gastronomical heritage of France." 

Gavage-based foie gras production is controversial,
due mainly to the animal welfare concerns about force-feeding, intensive housing and husbandry, and enlarging the liver to 10 times its
usual volume. A number of countries and jurisdictions have laws against force-feeding, and the production, import or sale of foie gras;
even where it is legal, a number of retailers decline to stock it. 

Dr. Foie Gras is made from a mix of
plant products and certain spices and alcohol seasoning. Currently, the creation of Dr. Foie Gras has been completed to our
satisfaction, and we are in the midst of acquiring a patent. Specifically, this patent relates to a process of fermenting nuts or
beans (or a mixture of nuts and beans) with fungus. The application number is 2022-61974. It was filed on April 1, 2022 and is still
pending review. 

This product is not a meat substitute, as it utilizes the technology of molecular
binding from vegetable proteins. As such, the animal welfare concerns associated with traditional foie gras are circumvented in
their entirety, while the taste and texture of this french delicacy are retained. We believe that this will open up sales and
distribution channels that have been closed to traditional foie gras. We believe that the demand for an alternative to traditional
foie gras, due to increased regulations, and an ethical focus on animal welfare, has never been higher. 

At the present time, Dr. Foie Gras is
manufactured by Mama Foods Co., Ltd. The company sells the products of Mama Foods to its own customers, and Mama Foods fulfills the orders. 

Product(s) in Active
Development 

All of the below products have
development costs which are paid for jointly by Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and Dr. Foods. Specifically, at this time, Mama Foods Co., Ltd.
is paying for machinery costs and for the cost of one support staff member, whereas Dr. Foods is paying for the salaries of Mr. Ido
and Dr. Patuk, who are the individuals primarily responsible for development of the below products. The allocation of product
development costs have not been formally decided, and may be altered at any time. 

1. Vegan Caviar- Development
of vegan caviar has completed, and we are in the midst of developing a machine for mass production. 

2. Cultured Caviar- We obtain cultured
fish fat from a Singapore company and we use this cultured fish fat to make cultured caviar. Development remains ongoing. 

3. Vegan Truffle Butter- This product is
created through a mixture of vegan butter and truffles. Development remains ongoing. 

Pending Collaborative Development 

1. Next Kalbi Chips- We have
entered into a collaborative effort wherein we dedicate our staff, along with the staff of Mama Foods Co., Ltd., to develop and
produce Next Kalbi Chips (this is a short-rib style alternative meat product) for Next Meats Co., Ltd. When this product is
finalized, Mama Foods Co., Ltd. plans to sell the Next Kalbi Chips to Next Meats Co., Ltd., who plan to then sell the Next Kalbi
Chips to their clients. 

Although our staff is collaborating with the development of the Next Kalbi Chips, at this point in time Dr.
Foods, Inc., and its subsidiaries, will not generate any revenue, and do not benefit in any material way, from this collaborative
effort. We believe that the only circumstance in which we would benefit from this arrangement would be if we were to acquire Mama
Foods Co., Ltd. There is a risk that the audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is not completed at all, and/or that we never acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd. Even
if the acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is completed, there is the possibility that the terms of this acquisition, which is non-definitive
at this time, may not be considered favorable for the company and/or its shareholders. 

Other Collaborations 

On or about April 7, 2022, the
Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Dr. Foods Co., Ltd., consummated a Collaborative Research Agreement (herein
referred to as the CRA with the National University Corporation Osaka University. Together with Osaka University, Dr
Foods Co., Ltd. plans to research, develop, and take other related measures to evaluate the function of lab-grown meat.
Specifically, both parties will endeavor to research the cultivation of animal cells, and evaluate the differences in functionality
between livestock meat, lab-grown meat and meat substitutes. The agreement terminates on March 31, 2025. The collaborative efforts
are planned to take place at the Matsuzaki Laboratory, located within the Department of Applied Chemistry, at the Graduate School of
Engineering - Osaka University. Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. will bear responsibility for any direct expenses related to the CRA, which are
estimated to be 2,000,000 Yen (approximately 15,623 at today s exchange rate). To date, there are no material updates to
report regarding this venture as no research efforts have yet to take place. 

Suspended Product
Development 

As of March 2023, we have suspended development
of microalgae foods. At this point in time, there are no plans to resume development of microalgae foods. 

Marketing Strategy 

Our marketing efforts have, thus far,
been constrained to hosting two press conferences and we intend to publish press releases with any notable updates to our business
activities. Any further marketing efforts remain, at this time, under consideration and we cannot state with any level of
specificity when we will conduct additional marketing activities, or what those marketing activities may be. 

- 5 - 

Table of Contents 

 Future Plans 

Given the nature of our business is highly
dependent upon the progress of our research and development of plant-based foods, it is possible that any and all plans may be either
sped up, or experience a delay, depending on the progress of our research efforts. Further, when our products begin distribution, we
may find that our plans may be materially altered, expanded, or curtailed as dictated by market forces at the time. As such, our future
plans should be read as a framework, but not a guarantee that we will carry out any or all such operations in the
indicated timeline. 

At present our future plans are as follows: 

We intend to offer our foie gras and
caviar to various restaurants, hotels, and other venues over the remainder of the 2023 fiscal year. We intend to begin sales of our
caviar and vegan truffle butter, but we cannot determine specifically when such sales efforts will commence. Further, we will also
continue active development of additional products, although we cannot state with any certainty when such development efforts will
be concluded. 

Our CEO, Koichi Ishizuka, has
been in verbal discussions with principals of various wedding and hotel venues, each of which indicated that they may be interested
in offering our vegan foie gras as a menu option. It is important to note that no revenue has been realized to date from these
discussions, and no written or verbal agreements have materialized as a result of these discussions. However, as
mentioned, there is no guarantee that they will do so in the future. 

We hope that by the conclusion of this
fiscal year that we will have completed the acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd., however, as previously stated, we cannot predict
with any level of certainty when the PCAOB audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. will conclude, and therefore we cannot predict when we may
be able to complete this acquisition. Prior to any acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd., we require that Mama Foods Co., Ltd. s
last two fiscal year ends, at minimum, be audited by a PCAOB. There is a risk that the audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is not completed
at all, and/or that we never acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd. Even if the acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is completed, there is the
possibility that the terms of this acquisition, which is non-definitive at this time, may not be considered favorable for the
company and/or its shareholders. 

Additionally, we are exploring the possibility
of moving from the OTC Pink Tier onto the OTCQB. Such efforts are, at this stage, exploratory, and we cannot state with certainty when,
or if, they will be concluded. 

Government
Regulations 

The below does not
extensively detail every law and regulation to which the Company may be subject to, but rather provides an overview of the kind of food
safety standards to which our product(s) will be held. 

The main law that governs
food quality and integrity in Japan is the Food Sanitation Act FSA and the law that comprehensively governs food labelling
regulation is the Food Labelling Act. 

The FSA regulates food
quality and integrity by: 

- Establishing standards
and specifications for food, additives, apparatus, and food containers and packaging; 

 - Providing for inspection
to see whether the established standards are met; 

 - Providing for hygiene
management in the manufacture and sale of food; and 

 - Requiring food businesses
to be licensed. 

Under the FSA, additives
and foods containing additives must not be sold, or be produced, imported, processed, used, stored, or displayed for marketing purposes
unless the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare MHLW has declared them as having no risk to human health after seeking
the views of the Pharmaceutical Affairs and Food Sanitation Council PAFSC ). In addition, it is not permissible to add any
processing aids, vitamins, minerals, novel foods or nutritive substances to food unless they have been expressly declared by the MHLW
as having no risk to human health. 

The MHLW may establish
specifications for methods of producing, processing, using, cooking, or preserving food or additives to be served to the public for marketing
purposes Specifications ), or may establish standards for food ingredients or additives to be served to the public for marketing
purposes Standards pursuant to the FSA. Accordingly, where substances are allowed to be added to food, they may only be
used within the limits expressly set by the Specifications and Standards. 

Employees 

Currently, we,
 Dr. Foods, Inc. , have only one employee, our sole officer and Director Koichi Ishizuka, who is not compensated at
present for his services. However, pursuant to an arrangement with Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japan Corporation, Next Meats Co., Ltd. provides temporary employees
(staff) to our Company as needed to further our business agenda. Regarding this arrangement, we are billed by Next Meats Co. Ltd. on a
case by case basis depending on the amount of staff and hours allocated by each staff member to our business endeavors, primarily consisting
of research and development. 

Our wholly
subsidiary, Dr. Foods Co., Ltd. has three officers, Koichi Ishizuka, Chief Executive Officer, and two Executive Officers, Iaroslav
Patuk and Hideo Fujioka. Currently, and as of April 2023, there is one Officer and Director of DRFS Singapore, which is Mr.
Koichi Ishizuka. Any and all previous officers and directors of DRFS Singapore are no longer with DRFS Singapore. 

Competition 

The plant-based food industry is highly
competitive, with a major market share held by prominent companies, such as Impossible Foods, an American food technology company that
manufactures and develops plant-based artificial meats and dairy products with its headquarters in Redwood City, California. Their corporate
value is estimated at 10 billion and the number of stores that stock their products has gone from 150 to 20,000 over the course of one
year (as of May 4, 2021). 

Despite this, and other, competitors,
we believe that we have competitive strengths which poise Dr. Foods, Inc. to become a prominent market participant in the plant
based food industry going forward. Our wholly owned subsidiary Dr. Foods Co., Ltd., through which we operate at this time, is
staffed with researchers with high technical capabilities from all over the world, and know-how to molecularly bind and form plant
proteins from powder. Additionally, we believe that our goal to save the next generation of food through
science and technology is one that we believe resonates with an increasingly wellness conscious population that seeks to
decrease many of the environmental issues facing the world today caused by, in what we believe is a considerable part, the existing
meat market. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting
company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

At this time, we
neither rent nor own any properties. We utilize the office space and equipment of Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company, as well
as office space of our management, at no cost. Management estimates such amounts to be immaterial. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time,
we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We
are not currently involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

 -
6 - 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink Tier under the symbol DRFS There is currently a limited trading market
in the Company s shares of common stock. 

Over-the-counter
market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

Quarter
 Ended 
 High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 June
 30, 2021 1 
 9.02 
 1.94 
 
 September
 30, 2021 
 14.20 
 2.70 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 9.12 
 1.80 
 
 March
 31, 2022 
 3.94 
 0.54 
 
 June
 30, 2022 
 0.94 
 0.42 
 
 September
 30, 2022 
 3.78 
 0.30 
 
 December
 31, 2022 
 0.959 
 0.272 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 0.45 
 0.11 

1 We were a party to a corporate
reorganization, legally effective April 28, 2021. Information regarding this reorganization is detailed herein on page 4. Prior to this
reorganization, we have no information to report pursuant to the above table. The quarter ending June 30, 2021 only includes data stemming
back to April 28, 2021. 

Holders 

As of August 16, 2023, the Company has
13,708,699 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and 10,000 shares of Series Z preferred stock issued and outstanding, which
number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock have been used throughout this report. 

As
of August 16, 2023, we have approximately 177 shareholders of record of our common stock. This is inclusive of Cede and Co., which is
deemed to be one shareholder of record . For further clarification, Cede Co. is currently defined by the NASDAQ ,
as a Nominee name for The Depository Trust Company, a large clearing house that holds shares in its name for banks, brokers and
institutions in order to expedite the sale and transfer of stock. 

Dividends and Share
Repurchases 

We have not paid any
dividends to our shareholders. There are no restrictions which would limit our ability to pay dividends on common equity or that are likely
to do so in the future. 

Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities 

None. 

Equity Compensation
Plan Information 

Not applicable. 

Recent Sales of
Unregistered Securities; Uses of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On or about May 31, 2022, we sold 1,538,462
shares of restricted Common Stock to SJ Capital Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company, for
proceeds totaling approximately 769,231. The price paid per share of restricted Common Stock was approximately 0.50
per share. We believe SJ Capital Co., Ltd. may be deemed to be a related party as they hold over 10 of the shares of our class of
Common Stock. 

The
proceeds from this sale are to be used by the Company for working capital. 

On
or about June 26, 2023, the company consummated an agreement for the sale of 593,811 shares of restricted Common Stock to Ultimate One
LLC, a Japanese Company, at a price of 0.315 per share of Common Stock. The transaction was completed, and recorded by the Company s
transfer agent, on June 30, 2023. The total subscription amount paid by Ultimate One LLC was approximately 187,050. Ultimate One LLC
is not a related party to the Company. 

The
proceeds from this sale are to be used by the Company for working capital. 

The
aforementioned sales of shares were conducted pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). The
sales of shares were made only to non-U.S. persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to
offshore transactions, and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective
affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

-
7 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not applicable because
the Company is a smaller reporting company. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Certain statements,
other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and
expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, 
 estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, 
 will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements
are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is
inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis
include, but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates,
competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking
statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

Liquidity and
Capital Resources 

As of March 31, 2023,
we had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 1,365, compared to 0 as of March 31, 2022. Currently, our cash balance is not sufficient
to fund our operations and our revenues are not sufficient to cover our costs and expenses for any substantive period of time. We have
been utilizing, and may utilize, funds from Koichi Ishizuka, our CEO. However, there is no formal agreement, arrangement or legal obligation
to advance or loan funds to the company between Dr. Foods, Inc. and Koichi Ishizuka. We may also seek to sell shares of our common stock
in order to fund our business activities. In order to implement our plan of operations for the next twelve-month period, we require further
funding. Being a start-up stage company, we have very limited operating history. After a twelve-month period we may need additional financing
but currently do not have any arrangements for such financing. 

If we need additional
cash and cannot raise it, we will either have to suspend operations until we do raise the cash we need, or cease operations entirely. 

Revenues 

For the year ended
March 31, 2023, we generated revenue in the amount of 1,038. This revenue was generated as a result of commencing efforts to sell products,
in this instance vegan foie gras, to customers. We are considered to be a reseller, as the products we offer are currently manufactured
by Mama Foods Co., Ltd. Mama Foods ). 

The sole shareholder of Mama Foods is White Knight
Co., Ltd., a Japan entity, which is owned and controlled by Koichi Ishizuka. Koichi Ishizuka is Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, and Director of Dr. Foods, Inc., Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and White Knight Co., Ltd. 

For the year ended
March 31, 2022, we generated no revenue, and we had not yet sold any products. 

Net Loss 

We recorded a net loss
of 321,820 and 1,047,108 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The variance in net loss is attributed to a decrease
in general and administrative expenses during the March 31, 2023 fiscal year. 

Cash flows 

For the years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022, cash used in operating activities was (293,628) and (48,858) respectively. For both periods, it is the Company s
belief that the negative cash flow was primarily attributable to our incurred net loss. 

For the years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022, cash provided by investing activities was (527,675) and 0, respectively. The variance between periods is primarily
attributable to a related party loan in the amount of (710,700). 

Total Liabilities 

As of March 31,
2023 and 2022, we had total liabilities in the amount of 40,122 and 7,000, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, this was primarily
attributable to accounts payable - related party, whereas as of March 31, 2022, which was primarily attributable to accrued
expenses. 

Additional
Paid-In Capital 

The
Company s sole officer and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, paid expenses on behalf of the company and its wholly owned subsidiary totaling 67,574 during
the year ended March 31, 2023. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted
as additional paid-in capital. 

The
Company s sole officer and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, paid expenses on behalf of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary
totaling 36,758 during the period ended March 31, 2022. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation
of repayment and are posted as additional paid-in capital. 

The
Company s former sole officer and director, Jeffrey DeNunzio, paid expenses on behalf of the company totaling 7,100 during
the period ended March 31, 2022. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are
posted as additional paid-in capital. 

Letter
of Intent- Non-Definitive Agreement 

On
January 12, 2022, Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company, Mama Foods Co., Ltd., a Japan Company, and White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japan Company
entered into a non-definitive agreement, a Letter of Intent , whereas it was proposed that Dr. Foods, Inc., will acquire
100 of the controlling interest of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. from White Knight Co., Ltd. in exchange for 500,000 coupled with the issuance
of 19,500,000 shares of restricted Preferred Stock to White Knight Co., Ltd. The issuance of shares shall be subject to the rules and
limitations set forth by the Securities Act Rule 144. 

White
Knight Co., Ltd. is a Japanese entity owned and controlled by Koichi Ishizuka. 

Mama
Foods, Co., Ltd. Mama Foods is a food company founded in Japan in 1958, currently offering customers in Japan wholesale
and retail products centering on Japanese side dishes, from chilled foods to packed and sterilized food. Mama Foods uses ingredients carefully
taken from natural kelp and bonito without adding any chemical seasonings, preservatives, coloring agents, etc. Mama Foods has two existing
 in house production facilities and produces 100 of its current product offerings. From time to time, it also produces products
of other third parties, including certain products offered for sale by Next Meats Co., Ltd., such as Next Kalbi 2.0 , a boneless
short rib made from meat substitutes. Currently, Mama Foods employs approximately 44 individuals. In 2021, White Knight Co., Ltd. acquired
100 of Mama Foods from its prior controller, in exchange for approximately 1 million USD. The current website for Mama Foods, which includes
additional information, can be found here: mama-foods.com/en/ 

On
March 31, 2022, Dr. Foods, Inc. and Mama Foods mutually agreed to extend the terms of the non-definitive agreement 30 more days in order
to provide more time to prepare the books and records of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. This extension period had expired without the
books and records of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. having been prepared or progressed in any meaningful capacity. On May 6, 2022 the parties again
agreed to extend the terms of the non-definitive agreement, however this time with an expiration date of June 30, 2022, or until, if agreed
upon by all parties, further notice. 

On
June 30, 2022, the non-definitive agreement terminated without the books and records of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. having been prepared or progressed
to the satisfaction of the Issuer. Upon termination, common management of both Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and Dr. Foods, Inc. verbally agreed
to extend the letter of intent indefinitely until further notice. 

The
Company does not intend to acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd., under any terms, prior to the completion of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. s
PCAOB audit for its past two fiscal years. We require that Mama Foods Co., Ltd. s last two fiscal year ends, at minimum, be
audited by a PCAOB. 

The
efforts to spearhead preparation of the books and records had been, and continues to be, led by Koichi Ishizuka who has outside business
interests and other demands upon his time that limit his availability. It should also be noted that he does not have expertise in accounting
matters. As such, the Company has engaged outside accounting expertise to assist in this process. The Company cannot state, with any level
of certainty, when, or if, the books and records will be prepared to the satisfaction of the Issuer, and as such, when the books and records
of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. will be fully audited by a PCAOB auditor. 

Currently,
the Company is pending moving forward with the acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. due to the fact that Mama Foods Co., Ltd. has yet
to complete, a PCAOB audit of its financial statements for the last two fiscal years. At this time, the audit is actively taking
place by M K CPAS, PLLC M K ). However, we understand that progress has been minimal. 

The
Company cannot estimate with any level of certainty how long the aforementioned audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. may take to complete. The
Company does not intend to acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd., under any terms, prior to the completion of its PCAOB audit. 

There
is a risk that the audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is not completed at all, and/or that we never acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd. Even if the
acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is completed, there is the possibility that the terms of this acquisition, which is non-definitive
at this time, may not be considered favorable for the company and/or its shareholders. 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements are prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern that contemplates the realization of assets
and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company demonstrates adverse conditions that raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for one year following the issuance of these financial statements. These adverse
conditions are negative financial trends, specifically operating loss, working capital deficiency, and other adverse key financial ratios.
The Company has not established sufficient revenue to cover its operating costs. Management plans to fund operating expenses with related
party contributions to capital. There is no assurance that management's plan will be successful. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary in the event that the Company cannot continue as a going concern. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

As a smaller
reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Pages 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB FIRM ID - 
 
 F2 

Report
 of Former Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB FIRM ID - 
 
 F3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F5 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 F6 

Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 
 F7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated
 Financial Statements 
 
 F8-F9 

- F1 - 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of
Directors and Stockholders of Dr. Foods, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Dr. Foods, Inc. (the Company) as of March 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March
31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The consolidated financial statement
of Dr. Foods, Inc. as of March 31, 2022 were audited by other auditors whose report dated June 13, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion
on those statements. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company had a net loss from continuing operations and a working capital deficiency which raises substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 3. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical
audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they
relate. 

Going Concern 

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company had a net loss from continuing operations and a working capital deficiency. 

 Auditing management s evaluation
of a going concern can be a significant judgement given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues and expenses
which are not able to be substantiated. 

 To evaluate the appropriateness
of the going concern, we examined and evaluated the financial information that was the initial cause along with management s plans
to mitigate going concern and management s disclosure on going concern. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2023 

 Firm ID 

August 16, 2023 

-
F2 - 

Table
of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Dr. Foods, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Dr. Foods, Inc. as of March 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash
flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2022 and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 /S/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

 We have served as the Company's auditor from 2021
to 2022 

June 13, 2022 

-
F3 - 

Table of Contents 

Dr.
Foods, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (Audited) 

March 31, 
 2023 

March 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- 
 
 Accounts
 receivable - trade 

- 
 
 Advance payments 

- 
 
 Loan to related party 

- 
 
 Interest Receivable - related party 

- 
 
 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

- 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 

- 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable, other 

- 
 
 Accounts payable - related party 

- 
 
 Accrued Expenses 

Other current liabilities 

- 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022) 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 ) 

- 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

- 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

- F4 - 

Table of Contents 

Dr.
Foods, Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (Audited) 

Year Ended 
 March 31, 
 2023 

Year Ended 
 March 31, 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Revenues 

- 
 
 Revenues - related party 

- 
 
 Total Revenues 

- 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Gross Profit 

- 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

) 

) 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

- 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

- 

Net income (loss) before tax 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 ) 
 
 - 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

) 

) 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 ) 

- 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

) 

) 

Income per common share 

Basic 

) 

) 
 
 Diluted 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

- F5 - 

Table of Contents 

Dr. Foods, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For the Period March 31,
2021 to March 31, 2023 

 (Audited) 

Common Shares 
 
 Par Value Common Shares 
 Series Z Preferred Shares 
 
 Par Value Series Z Preferred Shares 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total 

Balances, March 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Common shares exchanged in merger and reorganization 
 
 11,576,427 

- 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Series Z preferred shares exchanged in merger and reorganization 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 10,000 

- 
 
 - 

Expenses paid on behalf of the Company and contributed to capital 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balances, March 31, 2022 

- 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Common shares sold 
 
 1,538,461 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Expenses paid on behalf of the Company and contributed to capital 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Capital contributed by subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Foreign currency translation 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Balances, March 31, 2023 

) 
 
 ) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

- F6 - 

Table of Contents 

Dr.
Foods, Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Audited) 

Year 
 Ended 
 March 31, 2023 

Year 
 Ended 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Preferred stock issued 

- 

Changes in current assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

) 
 
 - 
 
 Advance payments 

) 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable, other 

- 
 
 Accounts payable, related party 

- 
 
 Interest receivable 

) 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 

) 

Other current liabilities 

- 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

) 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Loan to related party 

) 
 
 - 
 
 Payments received from related party loan 

- 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

) 
 
 - 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Cash received for common shares 

- 
 
 Contributed capital 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

) 
 
 - 

Net change in cash 

- 
 
 Beginning cash balance 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Ending cash balance 

- 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Income taxes paid 

- 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

-
F7 - 

Table of Contents 

Dr. Foods, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 

which resulted in a net operating loss for income tax purposes. The loss results in a deferred tax asset of
approximately at the effective statutory rate of 21 . The deferred tax asset has been offset by an equal valuation
allowance. Given our inception on February 26, 2021, and our fiscal year end of March 31, 2023, we have completed three taxable
fiscal years. 

Potential
benefits of income tax losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company has incurred a net
operating loss carryforward of 1,374,688 which
begins expiring in 2036. The Company has adopted ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes , as of its inception. Pursuant to
ASC 740 the Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for non-capital losses carried forward. The potential benefit of the net
operating loss has not been recognized in these financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more likely than not
it will utilize the loss carried forward in future years. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of
1986, net operating loss carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in
ownership occur, net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as to use in future years 

shares
with a par value of . There were Series Z Preferred Stock and 0 shares of preferred stock issued and
outstanding as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively. Series Z Preferred Stock has no conversion rights to any other class,
and every vote of Series Z Preferred Stock has voting rights equal to 1,000,000 votes of Common Stock. 

At
the time of the reorganization 10,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock were converted and exchanged for preferred shares of
 Dr.
Foods, Inc. The shares issued and outstanding at the time by CRS Consulting, LLC, were originally issued for services rendered. 

On July 20, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the
 Agreement by and among CRS, White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japan Company WKC ), and Next Meats Holdings, Inc.,
a Nevada Company NXMH ), pursuant to which, CRS sold 10,000 shares of the Company s Series Z Preferred Stock, representing
approximately, at the time, 81.20 voting control of the Company; 5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock were transferred to WKC and
5,000 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock were transferred to NXMH (see Note 1). 

Common Stock 

The authorized common stock of the
Company consists of shares with a par value of . There were and shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively. 

At the time of reorganization, April
28, 2021, former shareholders of Ambient Water Corporation became shareholders of Catapult Solutions, Inc., representing all the common
shares outstanding at that time. 

On or about May 31, 2022, we sold
1,538,461 shares of restricted Common Stock to SJ Capital Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company, for proceeds totaling approximately 769,231. 

On September 21, 2022, the Company
completed a reverse stock split whereas every 200 shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock were automatically
converted into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in the par value per share. Immediately prior to the
Stock Split, we had 2,622,968,890 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Immediately following September 21, 2022, we had 13,114,888
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding (see Note 1). These financial reports reflect the 200 to 1 reverse stock split for all periods
for comparative purposes. 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

The
Company s sole officer and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, paid expenses on behalf of the company and its wholly owned subsidiary totaling during
the year ended March 31, 2023. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted
as additional paid-in capital. 

The Company s sole officer
and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, paid expenses on behalf of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary totaling during the period
ended March 31, 2022. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted as additional
paid-in capital. 

The Company s former sole officer
and director, Jeffrey DeNunzio, paid expenses on behalf of the company totaling during the period ended March 31, 2022.
These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted as additional paid-in capital. 

to related party White Knight Co., Ltd White Knight ). White Knight is controlled
by our sole director, Koichi Ishizuka. During this same period, the White Knight repaid approximately 185,726 to the Company. In addition,
loan interest totaling approximately 7,493 was accrued on the loan and is payable by White Knight to the Company. This note receivable
from White Knight is planned to be part of the consideration for the future planned acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. 

Accounts payable 

During the period ended March 31,
2023, related party White Knight and our sole officer and director invoiced the Company for expenses paid on the behalf of the Company
totaling approximately . 

Additional paid-in capital 

The
Company s sole officer and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, paid expenses on behalf of the company and its wholly owned subsidiary totaling during
the year ended March 31, 2023. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted
as additional paid-in capital. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted
as additional paid-in capital. 

The Company s sole officer
and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, paid expenses on behalf of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary totaling 36,758 during the period
ended March 31, 2022. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted as additional
paid-in capital. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted as additional
paid-in capital. 

The Company s former sole
officer and director, Jeffrey DeNunzio, paid expenses on behalf of the company totaling 7,100 during the period ended March
31, 2022. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted as additional paid-in
capital. 

. Ultimate One LLC
is not a related party to the Company . 

The
proceeds from this sale are to be used by the Company for working capital. 

The
aforementioned sale of shares was conducted pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). The
sale of shares was made only to non-U.S. persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to
offshore transactions, and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective
affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

- F9 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

The
Company has adopted and maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed in the reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is collected, recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules of the SEC. The Company s disclosure controls and
procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. As required under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, the Company s management, including the Chief
Executive Officer who also serves as our Principal Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Office who
also serves as our Principal Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Koichi Ishizuka, has reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by the report March 31, 2023 and has concluded that
(i) the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Commission, and (ii)
the Company s controls and procedures have not been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including
its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures. 

Our management, with
the participation of Koichi Ishizuka, our Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the
fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible
controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Based on management s
evaluation, Koichi Ishizuka, who serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as a result of the
material weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures are not designed at a reasonable assurance level and are ineffective
to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The material weaknesses, which relate to internal control over financial reporting,
that were identified are: 

a) Due to our small size, we did not have sufficient personnel in our accounting
and financial reporting functions. As a result, we were not able to achieve adequate segregation of duties and were not able to provide
for adequate review of the financial statements. This control deficiency, which is pervasive in nature, results in a reasonable possibility
that material misstatements of the consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis; and 

b) 
 We lacked sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with
respect to the requirements and application of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements and the approval of related party transactions. 

We also intend to create
written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of U.S. GAAP and
SEC disclosure requirements in the future. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In an effort to
remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to
initiate, the following series of measures: 

We will create
a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting
expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. And, we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our
board of directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the
oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates
and assumptions made by management when funds are available to us. 

Management believes
that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the
lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. 

We will work as
quickly as possible to implement these initiatives; however, the lack of adequate working capital and positive cash flow from operations
will likely slow this implementation. 

Changes in Internal
Control 

There have been
no changes in internal controls over the financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023, that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

This annual report
does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

-
9 - 

Table
of Contents 

 PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Mr.
Koichi Ishizuka, Age 52 - Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and
Treasurer 

Backgro und
of Mr. Koichi Ishizuka 

Mr. Koichi Ishizuka
attended the University of Aoyama Gakuin where he received his MBA in 2004. Several years later in 2011 he graduated from the Advanced
Management Program at Harvard School of Business. Following Mr. Ishizuka s formal education, he took a position as the head of
marketing with Thomson Reuters, a mass media and information firm. Thereafter, he served as the CEO of Xinhua Finance Japan in 2006,
Fate Corporation in 2008, and LCA Holdings., Ltd in 2009. Currently, Mr. Ishizuka serves as the Chief Executive Officer of OFF Line Co.,
Ltd., Photozou Co., Ltd., Photozou Holdings, Inc., Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd., Off Line International, Inc. and OFF Line Japan Co., Ltd.
He has held the position of CEO with OFF Line Co., Ltd. since 2013, Photozou Co., Ltd since 2016, Photozou Holdings, Inc since 2017,
Photozou Koukoku Co., Ltd. since 2017, Zentrum Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Off Line International, Inc.) since 2019 and OFF Line
Japan Co., Ltd. since 2018. On November 18, 2020 he was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Director, and on December 28, 2021 he
was appointed Chief Executive Officer, of Next Meats Holdings, Inc.; he holds both positions to this date. Koichi Ishizuka also has an
equity interest in Next Meats Holdings, Inc. Koichi Ishizuka is also Chief Financial Officer of Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japanese alternative
meat company. Since its inception on April 14, 2021, Koichi Ishizuka has served as CEO of WB Burgers Japan Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company.
On May 7, 2021, Mr. Koichi Ishiukza was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer,
and Director of Business Solutions Plus, Inc., which is now known as WB Burgers Asia, Inc. On July 23, 2021, Mr. Ishizuka was appointed
as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer and Director of Dr. Foods, Inc. (formerly known as Catapult
Solutions, Inc.). On March 21, 2022, Mr. Ishizuka was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary,
Treasurer, and Director of Perfect Solutions Group, Inc. 

As
of the date of this filing, there has not been any material plan, contract or arrangement (whether or not written) to which our sole
officer and director are a party in connection with their appointments at Dr. Foods, Inc. 

Employees 

Currently, we, Dr.
Foods, Inc. , have only one employee, our sole officer and Director Koichi Ishizuka, who is not compensated at present for his services. 
However, pursuant to an arrangement with Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japan Corporation, Next Meats Co., Ltd. provides temporary employees
(staff) to our Company as needed to further our business agenda. Regarding this arrangement, we are billed by Next Meats Co. Ltd. on a
case by case basis depending on the amount of staff and hours allocated by each staff member to our business endeavors, primarily consisting
of research and development. 

Director s
Term of Office 

Directors
will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and the election and qualification of their successors. Officers are elected
annually by our board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. Presently, we have a single director, Koichi
Ishizuka. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in
other public communications made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations.
The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers
and Directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

In
lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning
the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements
and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants. Our sole officer and director review the Company's
internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Committees
of the Board 

Our
Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our
Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our Director believes that it is not necessary to have such
committees, at this time, because the Director can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
Board has determined that we do not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined
in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as independent as the term is used in
Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the
FINRA Rules. 

We
believe that our Director is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures
for financial reporting. The Director of our Company does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because management
believes that the Board of Directors can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition, we believe that retaining
an independent Director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome
and is not warranted in our circumstances given the stage of our development and the fact that we have not generated any positive cash
flows from operations to date. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
sole officer and director have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of
 which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that
 time; 
 
 2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending
 criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 
 3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
 limiting his/her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 
 
 4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action),
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and
 the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 
 
 5. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil
 action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding
 by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 
 6. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil
 action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil
 action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 
 
 7. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State
 judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged
 violation of:(i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or(ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial
 institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or
 restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or(iii) Any law
 or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
 
 8. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order,
 not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange
 Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))),
 or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
 with a member. 

Independence
of Directors 

We
are not required to have independent members of our Board of Directors, and do not anticipate having independent Directors until such
time as we are required to do so. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not adopted a formal Code of Ethics. The Board of Directors evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and
determined that since the business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal,
business conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand
in the future, we may take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics. 

Shareholder
Proposals 

Our
Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors.
The Board of Directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little
assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum
criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such
nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations
for election or appointment. 

A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President,
at the address appearing on the first page of this Registration Statement. 

-
10 - 

Table
of Contents 

 Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation
Table 

Name and principal position (a) 
 As of March 31, (b) 
 Salary ) (c) 
 Bonus ) (d) 
 Stock Awards ) (e) 
 Option Awards ) (f) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) (g) 
 Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ) (h) 
 All other compensation ) (i) 
 Total ) (j) 

Jeffrey DeNunzio, Former Sole Officer and Director 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Koichi Ishizuka, Sole Officer and Director 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Summary of Compensation 

Stock Option Grants 

We have not granted
any st ock options to our executive officers since our incorporation. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
do not have an employment or consulting agreements with any officer or Director. 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

Director
Compensation 

Our
Board of Directors does not currently receive any consideration for their services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors reserves the right in the future to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock based consideration for their
services to the Company, which awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves
the right to pay our executive or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for
services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s
performance. This package may also include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive
Bonus 

The
Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the
Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and
growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability
of such executives. 

Long-term,
Stock Based Compensation 

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award
our executive and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of
Directors, which we do not currently have any immediate plans to award. 

-
11 - 

Table of Contents 

 Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

As
of August 16, 2023, the Company has 13,708,699 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding shares
of common stock have been used throughout this report. The below table is as of August 16, 2023. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares
 of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Common
 Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 Voting
 Shares of Preferred Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 Total
 Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 
 Executive Officers and
 Directors 

Koichi
 Ishizuka 1 
 3F
 K s Minamiaoyama 
 6-6-20-Minamiaoyama,
 Minato-ku Tokyo, Japan 
 0 
 0 
 10,000 
 100 
 99.86 
 
 5 or Greater Shareholders 

White
 Knight Co., Ltd. 1 
 3F
 K s Minamiaoyama 
 6-6-20-Minamiaoyama,
 Minato-ku Tokyo, Japan 
 0 
 0 
 10,000 
 100 
 99.86 
 
 SJ
 Capital Co., Ltd. 
 3-1-9,
 Kawara-machi, Chuo-ku, Osaka, Japan 
 1,538,462 
 11.22 
 0 
 0 
 0.00 

1
 Koichi Ishizuka is our sole officer and director as of the date of this report. He also owns and controls White Knight Co., Ltd.,
a Japan entity. Via his ownership and control of White Knight Co., Ltd., Koichi Ishizuka is the beneficial owner of 10,000 shares of
Series Z Preferred Stock. Series Z Preferred Stock has no conversion rights to any other class, and every vote of Series Z Preferred
Stock has voting rights equal to 1,000,000 votes of Common Stock. 

Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be
deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of
the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares (for example,
upon exercise of an option or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage
ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person by reason
of such acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the following table does not
necessarily reflect the person s actual voting power at any particular date. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Additional
Paid-In Capital 

The
Company s sole officer and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, paid expenses on behalf of the company and its wholly owned subsidiary totaling 67,574 during
the year ended March 31, 2023. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are posted
as additional paid-in capital. 

The
Company s sole officer and Director, Koichi Ishizuka, paid expenses on behalf of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary totaling
 36,758 during the period ended March 31, 2022. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment
and are posted as additional paid-in capital. 

The
Company s former sole officer and director, Jeffrey DeNunzio, paid expenses on behalf of the company totaling 7,100 during
the period ended March 31, 2022. These payments are considered contributions to the company with no expectation of repayment and are
posted as additional paid-in capital. 

Office
Space 

We utilize the office space and equipment
of Next Meats Co., Ltd., as well as office space of our management, at no cost. Management estimates such amounts to be immaterial. 

Sale of
Stock 

On
or about May 31, 2022, we sold 1,538,462 shares of restricted Common Stock to SJ Capital Co., Ltd., a Japanese Company, for proceeds totaling approximately 769,231.
The price paid per share of restricted Common Stock was approximately 0.50 per share. We believe SJ Capital Co., Ltd. may be deemed to
be a related party as they hold over 10 of the shares of our class of Common Stock. 

The proceeds from this sale are to be used by the Company for working capital. 

The aforementioned sale of shares was conducted
pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). The sale of shares was made only to non-U.S.
persons/entities (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to offshore transactions, and no directed
selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates, or any person
acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

Collaborative Agreement 

On October 11, 2021, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary Dr. Foods
Co., Ltd., entered into and consummated a Collaboration Agreement with Next Meats Co., Ltd., a Japan company that shares
common management with the Company, to co-develop new food products and subsequently offer them for sale. Next Meats Co., Ltd. operates
in the alternative meat industry. It currently offers, and plans to continue to offer, amongst other things, artificial
chicken and beef products made from meat substitutes. 

Next Meats Co., Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Next Meats
Holdings, Inc., a Nevada Corporation. Koichi Ishizuka is Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, and
Director of Next Meats Holdings, Inc. 

Other Information 

On January 12, 2022, Dr. Foods, Inc., a Nevada Company, Mama Foods Co.,
Ltd., a Japan Company, and White Knight Co., Ltd., a Japan Company entered into a non-definitive agreement, a Letter of Intent ,
whereas it was proposed that Dr. Foods, Inc., will acquire 100 of the controlling interest of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. from White Knight
Co., Ltd. in exchange for 500,000 coupled with the issuance of 19,500,000 shares of restricted Preferred Stock to White Knight Co.,
Ltd. The issuance of shares shall be subject to the rules and limitations set forth by the Securities Act Rule 144. The terms of this
non-definitive agreement may be subject to change. 

On March 31, 2022, Dr. Foods, Inc.
and Mama Foods mutually agreed to extend the terms of the non-definitive agreement 30 more days in order to provide more time to prepare
the books and records of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. This extension period expired without the books and records of Mama Foods Co.,
Ltd. having been prepared or progressed in any meaningful capacity. On May 6, 2022 the parties again agreed to extend the terms of the
non-definitive agreement, however this time with an expiration date of June 30, 2022, or until, if agreed upon by all parties, further
notice. 

On June 30, 2022, the non-definitive agreement terminated without the books
and records of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. having been prepared or progressed to the satisfaction of the Issuer. Upon termination, common management
of both Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and Dr. Foods, Inc. verbally agreed to extend the letter of intent indefinitely until further notice. 

Mama Foods, Co., Ltd. Mama Foods is a food company founded
in Japan in 1958, currently offering customers in Japan wholesale and retail products centering on Japanese side dishes, from chilled
foods to packed and sterilized food. Mama Foods uses ingredients carefully taken from natural kelp and bonito without adding any chemical
seasonings, preservatives, coloring agents, etc. Mama Foods has two existing in house production facilities and produces
100 of its current product offerings. From time to time, it also produces products of other third parties, including certain products
offered for sale by Next Meats Co., Ltd., such as Next Kalbi 2.0 , a boneless short rib made from meat substitutes. Currently,
Mama Foods employs approximately 44 individuals. In 2021, White Knight Co., Ltd. acquired 100 of Mama Foods from its prior controller,
in exchange for approximately 1 million USD. The current website for Mama Foods, which includes additional information, can be found here:
mama-foods.com/en/ 

The
sole shareholder of Mama Foods is WKC which is owned and controlled by Koichi Ishizuka. Koichi Ishizuka is Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, and Director of Dr. Foods, Inc., Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and White Knight Co., Ltd. 

Currently,
the Company is pending moving forward with the acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. as Mama Foods Co., Ltd. has yet to complete a
PCAOB audit of its financial statements for the last two fiscal years. 

The
Company does not intend to acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd., under any terms, prior to the completion of its PCAOB audit for
 its past two fiscal years. We require that Mama Foods Co., Ltd. s last two fiscal year ends, at minimum,
be audited by a PCAOB auditor. 

At
this time, the audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is actively taking place by M K CPAS, PLLC M K ). However, we
understand that progress has been minimal. The exchange of information between Mama Foods Co., Ltd. and M K has been spearheaded
by Koichi Ishizuka, who has minimal time, resources, and expertise to expedite such a process. Koichi Ishizuka has also engaged the
services of an accounting professional to better facilitate the exchange of information and communication, however, as mentioned,
such efforts have been slow going and progress has been minimal as it relates to the completion of an audit. The Company cannot
estimate with any level of certainty how long the audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. may take to complete, or if ever it will be
completed at all. The Company does not intend to acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd., under any terms, prior to the completion of its PCAOB
audit. 

There
is a risk that the audit of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is not completed at all, and/or that we never acquire Mama Foods Co., Ltd. Even if the
acquisition of Mama Foods Co., Ltd. is completed, there is the possibility that the terms of this acquisition, which is non-definitive
at this time, may not be considered favorable for the company and/or its shareholders. 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to
establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so
that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee
thereof. On a moving forward basis, our Directors will continue to approve any related party transaction. 

Item
14. Principal Ac counting Fees and Services. 

Below
is the approximate, aggregate amount of fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our
last two fiscal years. 

Services
rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal year ends, each having ended March 31 st. 

2023 
 2022 

Audit
 fees 
 BF Borgers CPA PC 
 - 
 13,250 

Audit
 related fees 
 BF Borgers CPA PC 
 - 
 - 

Audit
 fees 
 M K CPAS, PLLC 
 15,000 
 - 

Audit
 related fees 
 M K CPAS, PLLC 
 - 
 - 

Tax
 fees 
 
 - 
 - 

All
 other fees 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 15,000 
 13,250 

Audit
fees represent the professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our financial statements
included in quarterly reports, along with services normally provided by the accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. Audit-related fees represent professional services rendered for assurance and related services by the accounting
firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported under audit
fees. 

Tax
fees represent professional services rendered by the accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All other fees
represent fees billed for products and services provided by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for in the other categories. 

-
12 - 

Table
of Contents 

 PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
Financial Statements 

1.
Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document 

2.
All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the
financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b)
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation (1) 

3.11 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment (2) 

3.12 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment (3) 

3.2 
 
 By-laws 
 (1) 

31 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 (4) 

32 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (4) 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document (5) 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (5) 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (5) 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (5) 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (5) 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 (5) 

(1) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-12G, as filed with the
 SEC on May 3, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 (2) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC
 on August 25, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 (3) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC
 on February 23, 2022, and incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 (4) 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 (5) 
 Users of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation
 S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or Annual Report for purposes of Sections
 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dr.
Foods, Inc. 

 (Registrant) 

By: /s/
Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi
Ishizuka, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director 

 Dated:
August 16, 2023 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/
Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi
Ishizuka, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director 

 Dated:
August 16, 2023 

-
13 - 

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit31.htm
 EX-31

EXHIBIT 31.1 

DR. FOODS, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Koichi Ishizuka, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Dr. Foods, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
small business issuer and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business
issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: August 16, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

Chief Executive
Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

DR. FOODS, INC. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Koichi Ishizuka, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Dr. Foods, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
small business issuer and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business
issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: August 16, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

 Chief Financial
Officer 

 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Dr. Foods, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Dr. Foods, Inc. (the Company)
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report), I, Koichi
Ishizuka, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Koichi Ishizuka
and will be retained by Dr. Foods, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

Dated: August 16, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Dr. Foods, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Dr. Foods, Inc. (the Company) on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report), I, Koichi Ishizuka, Principal
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Koichi Ishizuka and will
be retained by Dr. Foods, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: August 16, 2023 

By: /s/ Koichi Ishizuka 

 Koichi Ishizuka, 

 Chief Financial
Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 drfs-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 drfs-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 drfs-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 drfs-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

