<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230714_10-K_edgar_data_923601_0001493152-23-024594.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9072739</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>280826</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1465799</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3189267</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1822210</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2062912</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-024594.hdr.sgml : 20230714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714160541
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-024594
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SINGING MACHINE CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000923601
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHONOGRAPH RECORDS & PRERECORDED AUDIO TAPES & DISKS [3652]
		IRS NUMBER:				953795478
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41405
		FILM NUMBER:		231089171

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6301 NW 5TH WAY, STE 2900
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 596-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6301 NW 5TH WAY, STE 2900
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-024594.txt : 20230714

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
one) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from _________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by a check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

As
of September 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the issued and outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant,
based upon the closing price of the common stock as quoted on the NASDAQ of 5.44 was approximately (based on 948,721 shares
outstanding to non-affiliates). For purposes of the above statement only, all directors, executive officers and 10 stockholders are
assumed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

Number
of shares of common stock outstanding as of July 14, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX
TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 

PAGE 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 20 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 25 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 25 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 26 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 26 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 26 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 2 7 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 32 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 37 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 38 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 39 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 40 

Signatures 
 41 

2 

DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that represent
our beliefs, projections and predictions about future events within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements , including any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items, any statements of the plans, strategies
and objectives of management for future operations, any statements concerning proposed new projects or other developments, any statements
regarding future economic conditions or performance, any statements of management s beliefs, goals, strategies, intentions and
objectives, and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as may , will ,
 should , could , would , predicts ,
 potential , continue , expects , anticipates ,
 future , intends , plans , believes ,
 estimates and similar expressions, as well as statements in the future tense, identify forward-looking statements. 

These
statements are necessarily subjective and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause
our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements
described in or implied by such statements. Actual results may differ materially from expected results described in our forward-looking
statements, including with respect to correct measurement and identification of factors affecting our business or the extent of their
likely impact, the accuracy and completeness of the publicly available information with respect to the factors upon which our business
strategy is based or the success of our business. Furthermore, industry forecasts are likely to be inaccurate, especially over long periods
of time and in relatively new and rapidly developing industries such as oil and gas. Factors that may cause actual results, our performance
or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include without
limitation: 

our
 ability to attract and retain management; 

our
 growth strategies; 

anticipated
 trends in our business; 

our
 future results of operations; 

our
 ability to incorporate new and changing technologies 

our
 willingness to develop technological innovation; 

our
 liquidity and ability to finance our development activities; 

the
 impact from ownership if we are a controlled company; 

the
 impact of inflation and other pricing pressures; 

the
 impact of government regulation; 

planned
 capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof); 

our
 financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations; 

competition; 

the
 ability of our management team to execute its plans and meet our goals; 

general
 economic conditions, whether internationally, nationally or in the regional and local market areas in which we are doing business,
 that may be less favorable than expected; and 

other
 economic, competitive, governmental (including new tariffs), legislative, regulatory, geopolitical and technological factors that
 may negatively impact our business, operations and pricing. 

Forward-looking
statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether,
or the times by which, our performance or results may be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the
time those statements are made and management s belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those factors discussed under the headings
 Risk Factors , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations , Business and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, and our 
refer to The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
are primarily engaged in the development, marketing, and sale of consumer karaoke audio equipment, accessories and musical recordings.
We believe we are a leading global karaoke and music entertainment company that specializes in the design and production of quality karaoke
and music enabled consumer products for adults and children. Our products are among the most widely available karaoke products in the
world. Our mission is to create joy through music. In order to deliver on this mission, we are focused on the following
multi-prong approach: 

In
 the short-term, improve profitability by optimizing operations and continue to expand gross margins; and 

In
 the mid-to-long-term, continue to grow our global distribution and expand into new product categories that take advantage of our
 vast distribution relationships and sourcing abilities. 

Recent
Events and Developments 

Stock
Redemption Agreement 

Prior
to August 10, 2021, we were partially held by koncepts International Limited koncepts which was a major stockholder of
our company, that beneficially owned approximately 49 of our shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2021. We were also partly
held by Treasure Green Holdings Ltd. Treasure Green ), which owned approximately 2 of our common stock. In total, approximately
51 of our shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis as of March 31, 2021 were previously owned by koncepts and Treasure Green.
koncepts and Treasure Green are owned by Fairy King Prawn Holdings Limited Fairy King ), an investment holding company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, principally owned by our then Chairman, Philip Lau. 

On
August 5, 2021, we entered into a stock redemption agreement (the Redemption Agreement with koncepts and Treasure Green,
pursuant to which we redeemed 654,105 shares of our common stock (the Redeemed Shares ). The closing of the transaction
set forth in the Redemption Agreement took place on August 10, 2021, at which time the Redeemed Shares were assigned and transferred
back to us in consideration of a payment by us of approximately 7.2 million to koncepts and Treasure Green. The Redeemed Shares were
retired and returned as unissued authorized capital. 

Prior
to August 10, 2021, we did business with a number of entities that are principally owned by our former Chairman, Philip Lau, including
Starlight R D Ltd SLRD ), Starlight Consumer Electronics USA, Inc., SCE ), Cosmo Communications Corporation
of Canada, Inc. Cosmo ), Winglight Pacific, Ltd Winglight and Starlight Electronics Company Ltd SLE ),
among others. 

Pursuant
to the Redemption Agreement, neither koncepts nor Treasure Green remained stockholders of our company and SLRD, SCE, Cosmo, Winglight
and SLE are no longer related parties. 

Reverse
Stock Split and Nasdaq Listing 

On
May 23, 2022, we effected a reverse stock split of our shares of common stock in a ratio of 1:30. The reverse stock split was affected
to meet The Nasdaq Capital Market s minimum bid price requirement. All information in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K has been retroactively adjusted to give effect to this 1-for-30 reverse stock split. 

Our
common stock was approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MICS and began trading on the Nasdaq
Capital Market on May 24, 2022. 

Underwritten
Public Offering 

On
May 23, 2022, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Aegis Capital Corp., who acted
as the sole underwriter (the Underwriter ), in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to which we sold
to the Underwriter 1,000,000 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of 4.0 million, prior to deducting underwriting discounts
and commissions and other estimated offering expenses of approximately 0.6 million. The price to the public in the offering was 4.00
per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering closed on May 26, 2022. We received net proceeds of approximately
 3.4 million. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, we issued to the Underwriter warrants to purchase up to 100,000 shares of common stock, representing
10 of the shares sold in the offering, excluding any shares sold through the over-allotment option. The warrants are exercisable six
months from the commencement of sales under the offering, have an exercise price of 5.00 per share and expire five years from the date
of issuance. 

4 

Acquisition
of Control 

On
June 13, 2022, Ault Alliance, Inc. Ault Alliance ), formerly BitNile Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Ault Lending,
LLC Ault Lending ), a California limited liability company and subsidiary of Ault Alliance, and Milton C. Ault, III Ault ),
Founder and Executive Chairman of Ault Alliance (collectively the Reporting Persons filed a joint Schedule 13D filing
(the Schedule 13D reporting that the Reporting Persons acquired, in the aggregate, 1,405,000 shares, or 52.8 of the issued
and outstanding shares of our common stock, through open market purchases. 

As
disclosed in the Schedule 13D, as amended and subsequent Section 16 filings, Ault Lending currently owns, and Ault Alliance and Ault
may be deemed to beneficially own, an aggregate of 1,808,000 shares of common stock, or approximately 42.8 of the outstanding shares
of common stock as of the date of this Annual Report. The reduction in beneficial ownership percentage was a result of us selling stock
in our ATM Offering (as defined and discussed below), and not from any sales of our common stock by Ault Lending. 

Credit
Facility 

On
October 14, 2022, we and our wholly-owned subsidiary, SMC Logistics, Inc. SMC ), entered into a Credit and Security Agreement
(the Credit Agreement with Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as Lender Fifth Third ). The Credit Agreement
provides for a three-year secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 15,000,000 decreased to 7,500,000
during the period of January 1 through July 31 of each year (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Agreement matures on October
14, 2025. 

The
revolving Credit Facility bears interest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 0.50 or (b) the 30 day Term SOFR rate plus 3.00 (subject in each
case to a floor of 0.50 ), depending on the type of loan we request. Term SOFR means the forward-looking SOFR rate administered
by CME Group, Inc. (or other administrator selected by Fifth Third) and published on the applicable Bloomberg LP screen page (or such
other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be selected by Fifth Third), fixed by the administrator thereof
two business days prior to the commencement of the applicable interest period (provided, however, that if Term SOFR is not published
for such business day, then Term SOFR shall be determined by reference to the immediately preceding business day on which such rate is
published), rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/8th of 1 and adjusted for reserves if Fifth Third is required to maintain reserves
with respect to the relevant loans. 

We
are required to pay an unused line fee of 0.35 per annum equal to the difference between (i) the maximum revolving loan limit then in
effect and (ii) the average daily balance of the revolving loans for each month, which fee shall be fully earned by Fifth Third and payable
monthly in arrears on the first business day of each month. Said fee shall be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year. The Credit Agreement
provides for an early termination fee of 2 if we prepay or terminate Fifth Third s commitment to make loans under the Credit Agreement
two or more years prior to the maturity or 0.5 if such prepayment occurs less than two year prior to the maturity or during any renewal
period. 

The
obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by all of our assets and the assets of SMC, presently owned or later acquired, and
all cash and non-cash proceeds thereof (including, without limitation, insurance proceeds). 

As
of March 31, 2023, we were in default under the Credit Agreement due to non-compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant
of 1:05 : 1.0. On May 19, 2023, we executed a Waiver and First Amendment agreement which provides for a waiver of previous defaults and
new covenants that are required. We must comply monthly with minimum liquidity (defined as excess loan availability plus cash on hand)
of 2.5 million between February and July and 4.0 million between September and June. We must also maintain pre-defined minimum operating
cash flows between February and August 2023, until we achieve a fixed charge ratio of 1.15 : 1.0 beginning in September 2023 and throughout
the remaining term of the Credit Agreement. 

ATM
Offering 

On
February 15, 2023, we entered into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Aegis Capital Corp,
as sales agent (the Agent ), pursuant to which we could offer and sell, from time to time, through the Agent (the ATM
Offering ), up to approximately 1.8 million in shares of its common stock. Shares offered and sold in the ATM Offering were issued
pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-269183) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on January 11, 2023 and declared effective by the SEC on January 20, 2023, and the prospectus supplement relating to the ATM Offering
filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we received total net proceeds from the ATM Offering
of approximately 36,000 on sales of 14,230 shares of common stock at an average price of 2.56 per share. Through May 12, 2023, we received
total net proceeds from the ATM Offering of approximately 1.7 million on sales of 1,052,770 shares of common stock at an average price
of 1.64 per share. The Sales Agreement has been terminated. 

Our
Product Portfolio 

Our
products are sold directly to distributors and retail customers. Our portfolio of owned and licensed brands and products are organized
into the following categories: 

5 

Karaoke 
including our flagship brand Singing Machine, our karaoke line is driven by quality products at affordable price points that we believe
deliver great value to our customers. All of our karaoke products are Bluetooth enabled to allow access to digital music content
via our mobile apps available on iOS and Android platforms. We believe our core karaoke line offers best-in-class advanced features,
including but not limited to, enabling customers to output video to a TV screen, correcting singer s pitch in real-time with our
proprietary PitchLab technology, streaming karaoke content directly to the machine via WiFi, casting karaoke songs from a mobile
device to our karaoke machines through our SingCast casting technology, singing duets, and displaying scrolling lyrics in-time
with the song. Our products are sold directly to consumers via our retail channels, ecommerce, our own website, and distributors worldwide.
This product category accounted for approximately 73 of our net sales in our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Licensed
Products including brands such as Carpool Karaoke. In 2019, we entered into a 3-year license agreement with CBS 
 for its Carpool Karaoke brand, made popular by James Corden on The Late Show with James Corden. We launched an innovative Carpool
Karaoke Microphone that works specifically in the car. This license agreement with CBS expired on September 30, 2022. On February 28,
2023, we renewed this license agreement for an additional three years. On March 16, 2023, we entered into a three-year license agreement
with Sesame Street Workshop for its Sesame Street brand for karaoke and singalong toy products, effective January 1, 2023. Through this
license agreement, we will be able to develop and offer for sale all the iconic and beloved Sesame Street characters like Elmo, Big Bird,
Cookie Monster, Abby Cadabby, and many more. This product category accounted for less than 1 of our net sales in our fiscal year ended
March 31, 2023. 

Microphones
and Accessories we currently offer a line of traditional microphone accessories that are compatible with our karaoke machines.
These microphones feature an assortment of colors, come wired or wireless, and may include new features like party lighting and voice
changing effects. We are also seeing growth in portable Bluetooth microphones which are marketed under our Party Machine brand. This
product category accounted for approximately 20 of our net sales in our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Singing
Machine Kids Youth Electronics including the brand Singing Machine Kids. Our kids line of products offers fun music
entertainment features designed specifically for children. Our kids products provide a high-quality introduction to singing and
music entertainment for young singers and offer advanced features, such as voice changing effects, recording, Bluetooth compatibility,
and portability. This product category accounted for approximately 5 of our net sales in our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Automotive 
In January 2023, we announced at the Consumer Electronics Show that we will be entering the connected vehicle karaoke device market in
partnership with Stingray Group, Inc. Stingray ). We have developed microphone hardware utilizing our PitchLab technology
to offer integrated wireless microphones for connection with major automotive brand s vehicles. We are currently in discussion
with many automotive brands to offer our products. This product category is new and did not contribute to net sales in our fiscal year
ended March 31, 2023. 

Music
Subscriptions in conjunction with our premium partner, Stingray, we offer karaoke music subscription services for the
iOS and Android platforms as well as a web-based download store and integrated streaming services for our hardware. We currently offer
almost 20,000 licensed karaoke songs in the catalog. This product category accounted for approximately 2 of our net sales in our fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023. 

Product
Development and Design 

Product
development is a key element of our strategic growth plan. We strive to deliver many new, exciting consumer products to market every
single year to retain our presence as the market-leader in consumer karaoke products. Strategic product development is done in-house
from our corporate headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, FL where we identify new potential categories, features, and price points. Products
are created in conjunction with contract product designers and inventors in collaboration with our contract manufacturers in China to
deliver products that represent tremendous value to our customers. In addition to new products, we always look for ways to improve existing
products to hit more affordable price points or improve features based upon market feedback. 

Business
Segments 

We
operate in one principal industry segment across geographically diverse marketplaces, selling our products globally to large, national
retailers as well as independent retailers, on our retailer s websites, and our own direct to consumer website. In North America,
our customers include Amazon, Costco, Sam s Club, Target and Wal-Mart. Our largest international territories are the U.K. and Australia,
where we sell through international distributors. We also sell to select international retail customers in geographic locations where
we do not have a direct sales presence. 

Suppliers
and Manufacturing 

We
source our products from a variety of contract manufacturers in southern China. We are not dependent on any one supplier as we use many
manufacturers (currently five) to make our products. We maintain a Hong Kong office that provides us with factory management, sourcing,
quality control, engineering, and product development. We buy finished goods from our suppliers and generally do not source raw materials
for manufacturing, however in limited circumstances where we develop proprietary hardware and software, we will secure the proprietary
circuits and provide them to our contract manufacturers for assembly into the final product. While we are not responsible for sourcing
raw materials, we rely on our contract manufacturers ability to secure injected plastic, wood cabinets, integrated circuits, display
panels, speaker drivers, and other components that are necessary for assembly into our final products. 

Our
goods are produced by our contract manufacturers and are either shipped via ocean vessels to our distribution center in Ontario, California
or we utilize a direct import program where our retail customers coordinate to pick up the goods FOB China. The direct import program
allows our customers to take advantage of better ocean container rates through bigger volume and allows us to bypass our California warehouse.
We maintain a third-party logistics warehouse in Canada where we sell directly to retail customers and independent channels in Canada.
Historically, most of our customers pick up goods from our warehouse (freight collect). On August 31, 2023, the lease at our Ontario,
California warehouse facility will terminate. We do not intend to renew the lease agreement and have signed a service agreement with
a third-party logistics company to provide domestic and Canadian warehousing services, effective September 1, 2023. 

6 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
products are marketed and sold through our direct sales team, working in conjunction with independent sales representatives that provide
sales and customer support for our retail customers in North America. Sales are recognized upon transfer of title to our customers and
are made utilizing standard credit terms of approximately 60-90 days. Our sales terms indicate that we only accept returns for defective
merchandise, however we have accepted overstock returns from our retail partners in the past. Please see risk factor titled We
are subject to the risk that some of our large customers may return karaoke products that they have purchased from us and if this happens,
it would reduce our revenues and profitability under Risk Factors . 

We
seek to expand our direct-to-consumer sales, which we believe will increase overall gross margins and also increase brand awareness. 

Marketing,
promotion and consumer engagement are key elements in the youth electronics, toy, and music categories. Historically, a significant percentage
of our promotional spending has been structured as co-op promotion incentives with our large retail partners. We continue to focus our
marketing efforts on growing brand awareness among our target consumer demographic, optimizing marketing investments, and executing an
integrated marketing strategy. We believe an important component of our future growth is based on speaking to the right customer, with
the right content, in the right channel, at the right time. We have implemented online marketing, social media, and digital analytics
tools, which allow us to better measure the performance of our marketing activities, learn from our consumers, and receive valuable insights
into industry and competitor activities. 

Customer
service is a critical component of our marketing strategy. We maintain a U.S.-based internal customer service department within our corporate
headquarters that responds to customer inquiries, investigates and resolves issues, and is available to assist customers and consumers
during business hours. 

Competition 

The
youth electronics, toy, and music industries have many participants, none of which have a dominant market share, though certain companies
may have disproportionate strength in specific product categories. We compete with a number of different companies in a variety of categories,
although there is no single company that competes with us across all of our product categories. Our largest direct competitors are Singsation ,
Singtrix , eKids , Bonaok, Karaoke USA , and Ion Audio. 

The
primary methods of competition in the industry consist of brand positioning, product innovation, quality, price, and timely distribution.
Our competitive strengths include our ability to develop innovative new products and features, speed to market, our relationships with
major retailers, and the quality and pricing of our products. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of word and design mark trademarks and trade secrets to protect our intellectual property. In certain circumstances,
we will partner with third parties to develop proprietary products, and, where appropriate, we have license agreements related to the
use of third-party innovation in our products. The duration of our trademark registrations varies from country to country. However, trademarks
are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. 

Customers 

Sales
to our top five customers together comprised approximately 89 and 90 of our net sales for fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. In our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, revenues from two of these customers represented greater than 10 of net sales,
at 48 and 21 of total net sales. In our fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, revenues from three of these customers represented greater
than 10 of net sales, at 37 , 18 , and 17 of total net sales. 

We
have no long-term contracts with these customers, and as a result, our success depends heavily on our customers willingness to
purchase and provide floor or shelf space for our products. 

Seasonality 

We
do experience heightened seasonal demand for our products in our second and third quarters of our fiscal year. In our fiscal years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately 62 and 81 , respectively, of our net sales shipped in our second and third quarters. However,
we continually look for products and new categories to reduce our exposure to seasonality variances. 

Regulatory
Matters 

Each
of our products is designed to comply with all applicable mandatory and voluntary safety standards. In the United States, these safety
standards are promulgated by federal, state and independent agencies such as the US Consumer Product Safety Commission, ASTM International,
the Federal Communications Commission, and various states Attorney Generals and state regulatory agencies. All of our products are independently
tested by third party laboratories accepted by the Consumer Product Safety Commission to verify compliance to applicable safety standards.
A similar approach is used to design and test products sold internationally. 

7 

Insurance 

We
carry product liability insurance that provides us with 10,000,000 coverage with a minimal deductible. We consult with our insurers
to ascertain appropriate liability coverage for our product mix. We believe our current coverage is adequate for our existing business
and will continue to evaluate our coverage in the future in line with our expanding sales and product breadth. 

Human
Capital Resources 

We
are committed to attracting and retaining the brightest and best talent, so investing in human capital is critical to our success. The
employee traits we value include industriousness, intellectual curiosity, growth mindset and deeply caring about the quality of work.
The human capital measures and objectives that we focus on in managing our business include employee safety, talent acquisition and retention,
employee engagement, development and training, diversity and inclusion, and compensation and pay equity. 

Employee
Profile 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 37 employees, with 18 located at our corporate office, 12 at our logistics center in Ontario, California and
7 in our office in Hong Kong. Of our employees, 1 was engaged in engineering and product development, 7 in sales and marketing, 20 in
customer support or general operations and 9 in general administration and finance. All of these employees are employed on a full-time
basis. As of March 31, 2023, approximately 51.4 of our current workforce is female, 48.6 male, and our average tenure is 5.48 years.
None of our employees is represented by a collective bargaining unit or is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that
our relationship with our employees is good. 

Talent 

A
core tenet of our talent system is to both develop talent from within and supplement with external hires. This approach has yielded loyalty
and commitment in our employee base which in turn grows our business, our products, and our customers, while adding new employees and
external ideas supports a continuous improvement mindset and our goals of a diverse and inclusive workforce. We believe that our average
tenure of 5.48 years as of the end of the fiscal year 2023 reflects the engagement of our employees in this core talent system tenet. 

We
believes that we materially comply with all applicable state, local and international laws governing nondiscrimination in employment
in every location in which we operate. All applicants and employees are treated with the same high level of respect regardless of their
gender, ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability
or protected veteran status. 

Employee
Engagement and Development 

Our
employee engagement efforts include our frequent and transparent all-hands meetings and executive communications, through
which we aim to keep our employees well-informed and to increase transparency. We believe in continual improvement and use employee feedback
to drive and improve processes that support our customers and ensure a deep understanding of our employees needs. We plan to conduct
annual confidential employee surveys as we believe that ongoing performance feedback encourages greater engagement in our business and
improves individual performance. Our employees will participate in a 360-degree evaluation process to identify critical capabilities
for development and establish new stretch goals. 

Pay
Equity 

Our
employee compensation strategy supports three primary objectives: attract and retain the best team members; reflect and reinforce our
most important values; and align team member interests with stockholder interests in building enduring value. We believe people should
be paid for what they do and how they do it, regardless of their gender, race or other personal characteristics. To deliver on that commitment,
we benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider factors such as an employee s role and experience, the location
of their job, and their performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and
individual employees, to ensure our pay is fair and equitable. 

Total
Rewards 

As
part of our compensation philosophy, we believe that we must offer and maintain market competitive total rewards programs for our employees
in order to attract and retain superior talent. In addition to healthy base wages, additional programs include annual bonus opportunities,
12 paid company holidays a year, healthcare and insurance benefits, including 100 paid health benefits for the employee, generous paid
time off and family leave, family care resources and flexible work hours to work-from-home. We also have a company matched 401(k) plan,
where we make a matching contribution of 100 of salary deferral contributions up to 3 of pay, plus 50 of salary deferral contributions
from 3 to 5 of pay. To support the advancement of our employees, we offer training and development programs encouraging advancement
from within. 

8 

Health
and Safety 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety
and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of flexible and convenient health
and welfare programs, including benefits that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them
improve or maintain their health status; and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs
and the needs of their families. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant operating environment changes that
we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government
regulations. This includes having a significant portion of our employees work from home, while implementing additional safety measures
for employees continuing critical on-site work. 

Available
Information 

We
are a Delaware corporation that was formed in 1994. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol MICS .
Our principal executive offices are located at 6301 NW 5 th Way, Suite 2900, Fort Lauderdale, FL, and our telephone number
is (954) 596-1000. We maintain our corporate website at www.singingmachine.com . Our website also includes corporate governance
information, including our Code of Ethics and our Board committee charters. The information contained on our website does not constitute
a part of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Set
forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMPANY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 

WE
MAY ENCOUNTER DIFFICULTIES ACCESSING CAPITAL 

We
currently have a three-year Credit with Fifth Third Bank for a 15.0 million facility (decreasing to 7.5 million in off-peak season)
on eligible accounts receivable that matures on October 14, 2025 . The Credit Facility is
subject to a termination fee an amount equal to (i) 2.00 of the facility amount if such prepayment occurs two years or more prior to
the maturity date or (ii) 0.50 of the facility amount if such prepayment occurs less than two years, prior to the maturity date. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we were in default under the Credit Agreement due to non-compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant
of 1:05 : 1.0. On May 19, 2023, we executed a Waiver and First Amendment agreement which provides for a waiver of previous defaults and
new covenants that are required. We must comply monthly with minimum liquidity (defined as excess loan availability plus cash on hand)
of 2.5 million between February and July and 4.0 million between September and June. We must also maintain pre-defined minimum operating
cash flows between February and August 2023, until we achieve a fixed charge ratio of 1.15 : 1.0 beginning in September 2023 throughout
the remaining term of the Credit Agreement. 

As
of the date of filing of this Annual Report, we are in compliance with the covenants specified in the Waiver and First Amendment agreement.
There can be no assurances that we will remain in compliance with the new covenants or have the ability to obtain any new financing or
that we will be able to successfully enter into any arrangements upon terms that are acceptable to us in the future. Should there be
a disruption in the current levels of these markets or a deterioration of our business, there can be no assurance that we will not experience
an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access capital and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

WE
MAY NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL TO FUND OUR OPERATIONS IN FURTHERANCE OF OUR BUSINESS PLAN. 

We
incurred a net loss of approximately 4.6 million during the year ended March 31, 2023. If we are unable to achieve profitable operations, we may need to raise additional capital
in order to fund our operations in furtherance of our business plan. Any proposed financing may include shares of common stock, shares
of preferred stock, warrants to purchase shares of common stock or preferred stock, debt securities, units consisting of the foregoing
securities, equity investments from strategic development partners or some combination of each. Any additional equity financings may
be financially dilutive to, and will be dilutive from an ownership perspective to, our stockholders, and such dilution may be significant
based upon the size of such financing. Additionally, we cannot assure that such funding will be available on a timely basis, in needed
quantities, or on terms favorable to us, if at all. 

WE
ARE HEAVILY DEPENDENT ON OUR SENIOR MANAGEMENT, AND A LOSS OF A MEMBER OF OUR SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM COULD CAUSE OUR STOCK PRICE TO SUFFER . 

If
we lose the services of Gary Atkinson, our Chief Executive Officer or Bernardo Melo, our Chief Revenue Officer, we may not be able to
find appropriate replacements on a timely basis, and our business could be adversely affected. Messrs. Atkinson and Melo have worked
at our company for 15 and 20 years, respectively, and are primarily responsible for all of our day-to-day operations. Our existing operations
and continued future development depend to a significant extent upon the performance and active participation of these individuals. Although
we have entered into employment agreements with Messrs. Atkinson and Melo, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining
the services of these individuals. If we were to lose any of these individuals, we may not be able to find appropriate replacements on
a timely basis and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

9 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE DEVELOPMENT, MANUFACTURE AND SHIPPING OF OUR PRODUCTS 

IF
WE ARE UNABLE TO DEVELOP NEW KARAOKE PRODUCTS, OUR REVENUES MAY NOT CONTINUE TO GROW. 

The
karaoke industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and ongoing customer
demands for greater performance. In addition, the average selling price of any karaoke machine has historically decreased over its life,
and we expect that trend to continue. As a result, our products may not be competitive if we fail to introduce new products or product
enhancements that meet evolving customer demands. The development of new products is complex, and we may not be able to complete development
in a timely manner. To introduce products on a timely basis, we must: 

accurately
 define and design new products to meet market demand; 

design
 features that continue to differentiate our products from those of our competitors; 

transition
 our products to new manufacturing process technologies; 

identify
 emerging technological trends in our target markets; 

anticipate
 changes in end-user preferences with respect to our customers products; 

bring
 products to market on a timely basis at competitive prices; and 

respond
 effectively to technological changes or product announcements by others. 

We
believe that we will need to continue to enhance our karaoke machines and develop new machines to keep pace with competitive and technological
developments and to achieve market acceptance for our products. At the same time, we need to identify and develop other products which
may be different from karaoke machines. 

OUR
PRODUCTS ARE SHIPPED FROM CHINA AND ANY DISRUPTION OF SHIPPING COULD PREVENT OR DELAY OUR CUSTOMERS RECEIPT OF INVENTORY. 

We
rely principally on four contract ocean carriers to ship substantially all of the products that we import to our warehouse facility in
Ontario, California. Retailers that take delivery of our products in China rely on a variety of carriers to import those products. Any
disruptions in shipping, whether in California or China, caused by labor strikes, other labor disputes, terrorism, and international
incidents may prevent or delay our customers receipt of inventory. If our customers do not receive their inventory on a timely
basis, they may cancel their orders or return products to us. Consequently, our revenues and net income would be reduced and our results
of operations adversely affected. 

OUR
MANUFACTURING OPERATIONS ARE LOCATED IN THE PEOPLE S REPUBLIC OF CHINA, SUBJECTING US TO RISKS COMMON IN INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS.
IF THERE IS ANY PROBLEM WITH THE MANUFACTURING PROCESS, OUR REVENUES AND NET PROFITABILITY MAY BE REDUCED. 

We
currently use five factories in China to manufacture all of our karaoke products. Our arrangements with these factories are subject to
the risks of doing business abroad, such as import duties, trade restrictions, work stoppages, and foreign currency fluctuations, limitations
on the repatriation of earnings and political instability, which could have an adverse impact on our margins. Furthermore, we have limited
control over the manufacturing processes. As a result, any difficulties encountered by our third-party manufacturers that result in product
defects, production delays, cost overruns or the inability to fulfill orders on a timely basis could adversely affect our revenues, profitability
and cash flow. Also, since we do not have written agreements with any of these factories, we are subject to additional uncertainty if
the factories do not deliver products to us on a timely basis. 

OUR
SUPPLY CHAIN MAY BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY IMPACTED BY THE WORLDWIDE FINANCIAL MARKETS AND GLOBAL EVENTS 

We
rely upon the facilities of our third-party manufacturers in China to manufacture our products and export our products throughout the
world. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of COVID-19, including,
among others, restrictions on manufacturing and the movement of employees in many regions of China during our fiscal year ended March
31, 2021 most of which were gradually repealed during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. In late calendar 2021, the increased demand
for consumer electronics products and current economic recovery continued to increase worldwide demand for products using semiconductor
 chip components in the production of most consumer electronics which has resulted in an international shortage of chips
available to fulfill demand. As a result, we have experienced longer delivery lead times and some unavailability of these components
which delayed delivery of some of our products. While we have seen the easing of COVID-19 restrictions and the impact on our business,
we cannot predict the impact of the resurgence of variants of COVID-19 and other factors affecting local and global economies, specifically
China. 

10 

WE
DEPEND ON THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS FOR PARTS FOR OUR KARAOKE MACHINES AND RELATED PRODUCTS, AND IF WE CANNOT OBTAIN SUPPLIES AS NEEDED,
OUR OPERATIONS WILL BE SEVERELY DAMAGED. 

Our
growth and ability to meet customer demand depends in part on our capability to obtain timely deliveries of karaoke machines and our
electronic products. We rely on third party suppliers to produce the parts and materials that are used to manufacture and produce these
products. If our suppliers are unable to provide our factories with the parts and supplies, they we will be unable to produce our products.
Currently there is a worldwide shortage of electronic chips due to the increased demand for semiconductors and we are currently competing
with large companies to obtain these parts and could see production and shipment delays. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to
purchase the parts we need at reasonable prices or in a timely fashion. If we are unable to anticipate any shortages of parts and materials
in the future, we may experience severe production problems and delivery delays, which would impact our sales. 

WE
DEPEND ON THE ABILITY OF OUR SUPPLIERS TO MANUFACTURE OUR PRODUCTS WITHOUT INFRINGING, MISAPPROPRIATING OF OTHERWISE VIOLATING THE INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF OTHERS IN MANUFACTURING OUR PRODUCTS. 

We
source our products from a variety of contract manufacturers. We buy finished goods from our suppliers and generally do not source raw
materials and parts for manufacturing and assembly into the final product. We rely on our contract manufacturers ability to secure
injected plastic, wood cabinets, integrated circuits, display panels, speaker drivers, and other components that are necessary for assembly
into our final products. While we are not responsible to source raw materials, we rely on these suppliers to have all required licenses
or proprietary rights to the materials that are incorporated into the final product. In addition, we rely on the representations of our
contract manufacturers that they are using materials and components that meet all necessary legal, safety, and compliance requirements.
If our suppliers do not have the proper licenses or rights or are not in compliance with all regulatory requirements, we may be named
a party or be subject to claims, including claims of infringement or violating the intellectual property or proprietary rights of third
parties with respect to our products. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

CHANGES
IN GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS RELATING TO INTERNATIONAL TARIFFS COULD SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCE OUR REVENUES, PRODUCT COST AND PROFITABILITY. 

U.S.
government administration and members of the U.S. Congress have made public statements indicating possible significant changes in U.S.
trade policy and have taken certain actions that may impact U.S. trade, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the
United States. Any changes in U.S. trade policy could trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in trade wars, 
and increased costs for goods imported into the United States. All of our products are manufactured and imported from China. However,
only our microphone products are currently subject to 7.5 tariffs currently in place. Should the government decide to expand its list
of products to include our karaoke products that would subject our products to tariffs in the future, there could be a significant increase
in the landed cost of our products. If we are unable to mitigate these increased costs through price increases we could experience reductions
in revenues, gross profit margin and results from operations. 

A
SMALL NUMBER OF OUR CUSTOMERS ACCOUNT FOR A SUBSTANTIAL PORTION OF OUR REVENUES, AND THE LOSS OF ONE OR MORE OF THESE KEY CUSTOMERS COULD
SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCE OUR REVENUES AND CASH FLOW. 

We
rely on a few large customers to provide a substantial portion of our revenues. Sales to our top five customers together comprised approximately
89 and 90 of our net sales for our fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023,
revenues from two of these customers represented greater than 10 of net sales, at 48 and 21 of total net sales. In our fiscal year
ended March 31, 2022, revenues from three of these customers represented greater than 10 of net sales, at 37 , 18 , and 17 of total
net sales. We do not have long-term contractual arrangements with any of our customers and they can cancel their orders at any time prior
to delivery. A substantial reduction in or termination of orders from any of our largest customers would decrease our revenues and cash
flow. 

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO THE RISK THAT SOME OF OUR LARGE CUSTOMERS MAY RETURN KARAOKE PRODUCTS THAT THEY HAVE PURCHASED FROM US AND IF THIS HAPPENS,
IT WOULD REDUCE OUR REVENUES AND PROFITABILITY. 

In
our fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, a number of our customers and distributors returned karaoke products that they had purchased
from us. Our customers returned goods valued at approximately 5.0 million or 12.7 of our net sales in our fiscal year ended March 31,
2023 and approximately 3.6 million or 7.5 of our net sales in our fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The return of products is due to
a variety of reasons including defective units, customers overstock and buyer s remorse. The primary reason for the 5.2 
increase in returns was due to an increase in overstock returns from one major customer. Our factories charge customary repair and freight
costs, which increase our expenses and reduce profitability. If any of our customers were to increase the volume of their returned karaoke
products to us, it would reduce our revenues and profitability. 

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO PRESSURE FROM OUR CUSTOMERS RELATING TO PRICE REDUCTION AND FINANCIAL INCENTIVES AND IF WE ARE PRESSURED TO MAKE THESE
CONCESSIONS TO OUR CUSTOMERS, IT WILL REDUCE OUR REVENUES AND PROFITABILITY. 

Because
there is intense competition in the karaoke industry, we are subject to pricing pressure from our customers. Many of our customers have
demanded that we lower our prices and threatened to buy our competitor s products. If we do not meet our customers demands
to lower our regular prices, we will not sell as many karaoke products. We are also subject to pressure from our customers regarding
certain financial incentives, such as return credits or large cooperative co-op promotion incentives, which effectively
reduce our net sales and profit. We gave co-op promotion incentives of approximately 2.3 million during our fiscal year ended March
31, 2023 and 1.7 million during our fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. We have historically offered co-op promotion incentives to our
customers because it is standard practice in the retail industry. 

11 

WE
EXPERIENCE DIFFICULTY FORECASTING THE DEMAND FOR OUR KARAOKE PRODUCTS AND IF WE DO NOT ACCURATELY FORECAST DEMAND, OUR REVENUES, NET
INCOME AND CASH FLOW MAY BE AFFECTED. 

Because
of our reliance on manufacturers in China for our machine production, our production lead times range from one to four months. Therefore,
we must commit to production in advance of customers orders. It is difficult to forecast customer demand because we do not have
any scientific or quantitative method to predict this demand. Our forecasting is based on management s general expectations about
customer demand, the general strength of the retail market and management s historical experiences. In past years we have overestimated
demand for our products which led to excess inventory in some of our products and caused liquidity problems that adversely affected our
revenues, net income and cash flow. 

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO THE COSTS AND RISKS OF CARRYING INVENTORY FOR OUR CUSTOMERS AND IF WE HAVE TOO MUCH INVENTORY, IT WILL AFFECT OUR CASH
FLOW FOR OPERATIONS. 

Many
of our customers place orders with us several months prior to the holiday season, but they schedule delivery two or three weeks before
the holiday season begins. As such, we are subject to the risks and costs of carrying inventory during the time period between the placement
of the order and the delivery date, which reduces our cash flow. As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 9.6 million in inventory
as compared to 14.2 million in inventory as of March 31, 2022. The primary reason for the decrease in inventory was due to the sale
of prior fiscal year excess inventory from late delivery of key products for the prior year s holiday season due to global logistics
issues that resulted in lost sales and an increase in inventory as of March 31, 2022 of approximately 5.5 million. If we are unable
to sell excess inventory in the future at historical or greater margins, our cash flow for operations will be negatively impacted. 

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO INSURANCE RISK OF LOSS FOR GOODS DAMAGED WHILE IN TRANSIT FROM THE MANUFACTURER TO THE CUSTOMER AND OUR WAREHOUSE. 

All
of our goods are manufactured in China and are transported to customers and our warehouse in California via ocean vessel. As such, we
are subject to damages that may occur to these goods when they are in transit to customers or our warehouse. Should substantial damage
incur while goods are in transit, we could experience a significant loss of revenue, inventory and incur significant out of pocket expenses
associated with destruction of the damaged goods, which could cause a significant loss from operations and reduction in cash flow. While
we have taken significant measures to prevent damage incidents there can be no guarantee of damage incidents occurring in the future.
We have obtained insurance coverage for goods that are shipped direct import to our customers whose shipping terms are FOB shipping point
and for goods in transit to our California warehouse however, certain exclusions have been added that may prevent insurance coverage
of certain damaged incidents in the future. 

OUR
BUSINESS IS SEASONAL AND THEREFORE OUR ANNUAL OPERATING RESULTS WILL DEPEND, IN LARGE PART, ON OUR SALES DURING THE RELATIVELY BRIEF
HOLIDAY SEASON. 

Sales
of consumer electronics and toy products in the retail channel are highly seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during
the period from September through December in anticipation of the holiday season, which includes Christmas. A substantial majority of
our sales occur during our second fiscal quarter ending September 30 and our third fiscal quarter ending December 31. Sales in our second
and third quarter, combined, accounted for approximately 62 and 81 of net sales in our fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and, 2022,
respectively. 

CONSUMER
DISCRETIONARY SPENDING MAY AFFECT KARAOKE PURCHASES AND IS AFFECTED BY VARIOUS ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND CHANGES. 

Purchases
of karaoke machines and music are considered discretionary for consumers. Our success will therefore be influenced by a number of economic
factors affecting discretionary and consumer spending, such as employment levels, business, interest rates, and taxation rates, all of
which are not under our control. Additionally, other extraordinary events such as terrorist attacks or military engagements, which adversely
affect the retail environment may restrict consumer spending and thereby adversely affect our sales growth and profitability. 

A
DISRUPTION IN THE OPERATION OF OUR WAREHOUSE CENTER IN CALIFORNIA COULD IMPACT OUR ABILITY TO DELIVER MERCHANDISE TO OUR CUSTOMERS, WHICH
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR REVENUES AND PROFITABILITY. 

A
significant amount of our merchandise is shipped to our customers from our warehouse located in Ontario, California. Events such as fire
or other catastrophic events, any malfunction or disruption of our centralized information systems or shipping problems may result in
delays or disruptions in the timely distribution of merchandise to our customers, which could substantially decrease our revenues and
profitability. 

12 

OUR
PRODUCTION COSTS MAY INCREASE IF WE ARE REQUIRED TO MAKE PURCHASES USING THE CHINESE YUAN INSTEAD OF THE U.S. DOLLAR. 

The
majority of our products are currently manufactured in China. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Chinese local currency
had no material effect on us as all of our purchases are denominated in U.S. currency. However, in the event our purchases are required
to be made in Chinese local currency, the Yuan, we will be subject to the risks involved in foreign exchange rates. In the future the
value of the Yuan may depend to a large extent on the Chinese government s policies and China s domestic and international
economic and political developments. As a result, our production costs may increase if we are required to make purchases using the Yuan
instead of the U.S. dollar and the value of the Yuan increases over time. Any significant increase in the cost of manufacturing our products
would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We sell our product to Canadian customers some of whom
require us to invoice them in Canadian Dollars. We are subject to risks involved in the exchange rate between the Canadian and US dollar.
However, the exchange rate has been stable during our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and the associated exchange rates did not have
a material impact on our financial results. Should the exchange rate between the Canadian and US Dollar become more volatile and sales
to Canadian customers increase, there could be a material adverse effect on our business. 

OUR
PROFIT MARGIN MAY BE DECREASED DUE TO INCREASED PRICES OF RAW MATERIALS, SHIPPING COSTS AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PRODUCTION. 

Fluctuation
in the price of oil, electronic chip components and shipping costs have and will continue to affect us in connection with the sourcing
and delivery of raw materials and services. We do not expect to see significant increased cost in our finished goods during fiscal year
2024 as increases in the price of oil, inflation, costs of trans-oceanic shipping, drayage costs, electronic component costs and increases
in the cost of labor begin to stabilize. These issues are common to all companies in the same type of business and if we are not able
to negotiate lower costs, reduce other expenses, or pass on some or all of these price increases to our customers, our profit margin
may be decreased. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

WE
PRIMARILY RELY ON TRADE SECRET PROTECTION AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENTS TO PROTECT OUR PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, WHICH MAY NOT BE EFFECTIVE. 

We
currently rely on trade secret protection and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, consultants and third-parties to protect
our confidential and proprietary information. If we do not protect our intellectual property and other confidential information adequately,
competitors may be able to use our proprietary technologies and information and thereby erode any competitive advantages they provide
us. 

We
will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent these rights are effectively
maintained as confidential. We expect to rely primarily on trade secret and contractual protections for our confidential and proprietary
information and we have taken security measures we believe are appropriate to protect this information. These measures, however, may
not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other confidential information. We seek to protect our proprietary
information by, among other things, entering into confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and other third parties. These
confidentiality agreements may not sufficiently safeguard our trade secrets and other confidential information and may not provide adequate
remedies in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of this information. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated
a trade secret or other proprietary information could be difficult, expensive and time-consuming and the outcome could be unpredictable.
In addition, trade secrets or other confidential information could otherwise become known or be independently developed by others in
a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary information were disclosed
or misappropriated or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed and
our business could suffer. 

WE
MAY BE FORCED TO LITIGATE TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, OR THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OUR LICENSORS. 

We
may be forced to litigate to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights against infringement and unauthorized use by competitors.
In so doing, we may place our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or narrowed in scope. Further,
an adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings may place pending applications at risk of non-issuance. In addition, if any
licensor fails to enforce or defend its intellectual property rights, this may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize
our products that including licensing deals, as well as our ability to prevent competitors from making, using, and selling competing
products. Any such litigation could be very costly and could distract our management from focusing on operating our business. The existence
or outcome of any such litigation could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some
of our confidential and proprietary information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there
could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts
or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

13 

WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROTECT OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS THROUGHOUT THE WORLD. 

Filing,
prosecuting and defending intellectual property rights on our products throughout the world is prohibitively expensive. Competitors may
use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained intellectual property rights to develop their own products and, further,
may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have intellectual property rights, but where enforcement is not as strong
as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our products in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued or licensed patents
and our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from so competing. 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The
legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual
property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products
in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial
cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 

IF
WE DO NOT CONTINUE TO SATISFY THE NASDAQ CAPITAL MARKET CONTINUED LISTING REQUIREMENTS, OUR COMMON STOCK COULD BE DELISTED FROM THE NASDAQ
CAPITAL MARKET. 

The
listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market is contingent on our compliance with the Nasdaq Capital Market s conditions
for continued listing. While we are currently in compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements, if we were to fail to meet a Nasdaq Capital
Market listing requirement, we may be subject to delisting by the Nasdaq Capital Market. In the event our common stock is no longer listed
for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market, our trading volume and share price may decrease and we may experience further difficulties
in raising capital which could materially affect our operations and financial results. Further, delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market
could also have other negative effects, including potential loss of confidence by partners, lenders, suppliers and employees and could
also trigger various defaults under our lending agreements and other outstanding agreements. Finally, delisting could make it harder
for us to raise capital and sell securities. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. In order to raise
additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable
for our common stock. 

FUTURE
SECURITIES ISSUANCES COULD RESULT IN SIGNIFICANT DILUTION TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND IMPAIR THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

Future
issuances of shares of our common stock could depress the market price of our common stock and result in dilution to existing holders
of our common stock. Also, to the extent outstanding options and warrants to purchase our shares of our common stock are exercised or
options or other equity-based awards are issued or become vested, there will be further dilution. The amount of dilution could be substantial
depending upon the size of the issuances or exercises. Furthermore, we may issue additional equity securities that could have rights
senior to those of our common stock. 

BECAUSE
CERTAIN OF OUR STOCKHOLDERS CONTROL A SIGNIFICANT NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK, THEY MAY HAVE EFFECTIVE CONTROL OVER ACTIONS
REQUIRING STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, Ault Alliance, Ault Lending and Milton C. Ault, III may be deemed
to beneficially own an aggregate of 1,808,000 shares of our common stock or approximately 42.8 of our outstanding shares. As
a result, these stockholders, acting together, have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval,
including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, these
stockholders, acting together, have the ability to control the management and affairs of our company. Accordingly, this concentration
of ownership might harm the market price of our common stock by: 

delaying,
 deferring or preventing a change in corporate control; 

impeding
 a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or 

discouraging
 a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

CERTAIN
PROVISIONS OF OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION ALLOW CONCENTRATION OF VOTING POWER, WHICH MAY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, DELAY OR FRUSTRATE
THE REMOVAL OF INCUMBENT DIRECTORS OR A TAKEOVER ATTEMPT, EVEN IF SUCH EVENTS MAY BE BENEFICIAL TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS. 

Provisions
of our certificate of incorporation may delay or frustrate the removal of incumbent directors and may prevent or delay a merger, tender
offer or proxy contest involving our company that is not approved by our Board of Directors, even if those events may be perceived to
be in the best interests of our stockholders. Further, we may designate and issue separate classes of preferred stock that may entitle
their holder(s) to exercise significant control over us. Consequently, anyone to whom or which these shares are or were issued could
have sufficient voting power to significantly influence if not control the outcome of all corporate matters submitted to the vote of
our common stockholders. Those matters could include the election of directors, changes in the size and composition of our Board, and
mergers and other business combinations involving us. In addition, through any such person s control of our Board and voting power,
the affiliate may be able to control certain decisions, including decisions regarding the qualification and appointment of officers,
dividend policy, access to capital (including borrowing from third-party lenders and the issuance of additional debt or equity securities),
and the acquisition or disposition of assets by us. In addition, the concentration of voting power in the hands of an affiliate could
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company, even if the change in control could benefit our stockholders
and may adversely affect the future market price of our common stock should a trading market therefor develop. 

14 

CERTAIN
PROVISIONS OF OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION, BYLAWS AND DELAWARE LAW MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT FOR A THIRD PARTY TO ACQUIRE US AND MAKE
A TAKEOVER MORE DIFFICULT TO COMPLETE, EVEN IF SUCH A TRANSACTION WERE IN THE STOCKHOLDERS INTEREST. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and certain provisions of Delaware law could have the effect of making it more difficult or more
expensive for a third party to acquire, or discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, control of our company, even when these
attempts may be in the best interests of our stockholders. For example, we are governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested
stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder,
unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes mergers, asset sales
or other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together
with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years did own, 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock.
These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company. 

OUR
COMMON STOCK PRICE IS VOLATILE. 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. In the past, our trading price has fluctuated widely, depending on many factors
that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. During the past 52-week period (through June 30, 2023), our stock
closed at prices between 9.37 per share and 1.05 per share, as reported on Nasdaq.com. On July 11, 2023, the price of our common stock
closed at 1.79 per share. 

Stock
markets, in general, have experienced, and continue to experience, significant price and volume volatility, and the market price of our
common stock may continue to be subject to similar market fluctuations unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. This increased
volatility, coupled with depressed economic conditions, could continue to have a depressive effect on the market price of our common
stock. The following factors, many of which are beyond our control, may influence our stock price: 

the
 status of our growth strategy including the development of new products; 

announcements
 of technological or competitive developments; 

announcements
 or expectations of additional financing efforts; 

our
 ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 

changes
 in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 

regulatory
 developments affecting us, our customers or our competitors; 

announcements
 regarding patent or other intellectual property litigation or the issuance of patents to us or our competitors or updates with respect
 to the enforceability of patents or other intellectual property rights generally in the US or internationally; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar
 to us; 

changes
 in the market s expectations about our operating results; 

our
 operating results failing to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

changes
 in the economic performance or market valuations of our competitors; 

additions
 or departures of our executive officers; 

sales
 or perceived sales of our common stock by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; 

share
 price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; and 

general
 economic, industry, political and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the financial markets in the United States and abroad,
 including as a result of ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 

VOLATILITY
IN OUR COMMON STOCK PRICE MAY SUBJECT US TO SECURITIES LITIGATION. 

Stock
markets, in general, have experienced, and continue to experience, significant price and volume volatility, and the market price of our
common stock may continue to be subject to similar market fluctuations unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. This increased
volatility, coupled with depressed economic conditions, could have a depressing effect on the market price of our common stock. 

In
addition, the securities markets have, from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related
to the operating performance of particular companies. Any of these factors could result in large and sudden changes in the volume and
trading price of our common stock and could cause our stockholders to incur substantial losses. In the past, following periods of volatility
in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that
company. If we were involved in a class action suit or other securities litigation, it would divert the attention of our senior management,
require us to incur significant expense and, whether or not adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

A
POSSIBLE SHORT SQUEEZE DUE TO A SUDDEN INCREASE IN DEMAND OF OUR COMMON STOCK THAT LARGELY EXCEEDS SUPPLY MAY LEAD TO PRICE
VOLATILITY IN OUR COMMON STOCK. 

Investors
may purchase our common stock to hedge existing exposure in our common stock or to speculate on the price of our common stock. Speculation
on the price of our common stock may involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of shares
of our common stock available for purchase in the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase
our common stock for delivery to lenders of our common stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the price of our common
stock until investors with short exposure are able to purchase additional common shares to cover their short position. This is often
referred to as a short squeeze. A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in our common stock that are not
directly correlated to the performance or prospects of our company and once investors purchase the shares of common stock necessary to
cover their short position the price of our common stock may decline. 

15 

WE
HAVE NOT PAID CASH DIVIDENDS IN THE PAST AND DO NOT EXPECT TO PAY CASH DIVIDENDS IN THE FUTURE. ANY RETURN ON INVESTMENT MAY BE LIMITED
TO THE VALUE OF OUR STOCK. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our stock in the foreseeable future. The payment
of cash dividends on our stock will depend on our earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us
at such time as the board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay cash dividends, our stock may be less valuable because
a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

GENERAL
RISK FACTORS 

OUR
BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY ANY NEGATIVE IMPACT ON THE GLOBAL ECONOMY
AND CAPITAL MARKETS RESULTING FROM THE CONFLICT IN UKRAINE OR ANY OTHER GEOPOLITICAL TENSIONS. 

U.S.
and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported.
Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine could lead to market
disruptions, including significant volatility in credit and capital markets. 

Additionally,
Russia s military interventions in Ukraine have led to sanctions and other penalties being levied by the U.S., European Union and
other countries against Russia. Additional potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Russian military
actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets. In addition, the invasion of Ukraine
and the resulting sanctions imposed on Russia have resulted in increased volatility in the financial markets and the markets for certain
commodities including oil, which may significantly impact the manufacturers that we rely on, but is not expected to have any direct impact
on us. 

While
we have not experienced any direct impact from the conflict in the Ukraine, the extent and duration of the military action, sanctions
and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results
as they impact the global economy in the future. 

IF
WE ARE UNABLE TO COMPETE IN THE KARAOKE PRODUCTS CATEGORY, OUR REVENUES AND NET PROFITABILITY WILL BE REDUCED. 

Our
major competitors for karaoke machines and related products are Singsation , Singtrix , eKids , Bonaok, Karaoke USA ,
Ion Audio, licensed property karaoke products and other consumer electronics companies. We believe that competition for karaoke
machines is based primarily on price, product features, reputation, delivery times, and customer support. To the extent that we lower
prices to attempt to enhance or retain market share, we may adversely impact our operating margins. Conversely, if we opt not to match
competitor s price reductions we may lose market share, resulting in decreased volume and revenue. To the extent our leading competitors
reduce prices on their karaoke machines, we must remain flexible to reduce our prices. If we are forced to reduce our prices, it will
result in lower margins and reduced profitability. Because of intense competition in the karaoke industry in the United States during
our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we expect that the intense pricing pressure in the low end of the market will continue in the karaoke
market in the United States in our fiscal year ending March 31, 2024. In addition, we must compete with all the other existing forms
of entertainment including, but not limited to: motion pictures, video arcade games, home video games, theme parks, nightclubs, television,
prerecorded tapes, CD s, and DVD s and streaming video. 

HIGH
INFLATION AND UNFAVORABLE ECONOMIC CONDITIONS COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONS AND RESULTS. 

Unfavorable
global or regional economic conditions may be triggered by numerous developments beyond our control, including inflation, geopolitical
events, health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other events that trigger economic volatility on a global or regional basis.
Those types of unfavorable economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results. In particular, a significant
deterioration in economic conditions, including economic slowdowns or recessions, increased unemployment levels, inflationary pressures
or disruptions to credit and capital markets, could lead to decreased consumer confidence and consumer spending more generally, thus
reducing consumer demand for our products. For example, in 2022 and continuing into 2023, the United States has experienced a rapid increase
in inflation levels of approximately 6.5 year-over year in 2022 and approximately 4.0 year-over-year in 2023. Such heightened inflationary
levels may negatively impact consumer disposable income and discretionary spending and, in turn, reduce consumer demand for our products
and increase our costs. 

WE
ARE EXPOSED TO THE CREDIT RISK OF OUR CUSTOMERS, WHO ARE EXPERIENCING FINANCIAL DIFFICULTIES, AND IF THESE CUSTOMERS ARE UNABLE TO PAY
US, OUR REVENUES AND PROFITABILITY WILL BE REDUCED. 

We
sell products to retailers, including national chains, warehouse clubs, department stores, lifestyle merchants, specialty stores, and
direct mail catalogs and showrooms. Deterioration in the financial condition of our customers could result in bad debt expense to us
and have a material adverse effect on our revenues and future profitability. 

16 

WE
MAY HAVE TROUBLE HIRING ADDITIONAL QUALIFIED PERSONNEL. 

As
we expand our product development and marketing activities, we will need to hire additional personnel and could experience difficulties
attracting and retaining qualified employees. Competition for qualified personnel could be intense due to the limited number of individuals
who possess the skills and experience required by such industry. We may not be able to attract and retain quality personnel on favorable
terms, or at all. In addition, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that such personnel
have been improperly solicited or that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential information, or that their former employers
own their product or service ideas. Any of these difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

FAILURE
OF OUR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS COULD SIGNIFICANTLY DISRUPT THE OPERATION OF OUR BUSINESS. 

Like
any other business, we rely on e-mail and other digital communications methods as part of our normal operations. As such, our internal
computer systems and servers could fail or suffer security breaches, possibly resulting in a material disruption to our operations. The
secure operation of our IT networks and systems as well as the secure processing and maintenance of information is critical to our operations
and business strategy. Our ability to execute our business plan and to comply with regulatory requirements with respect to data control
and data integrity depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems, or IT systems.
These systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts
and natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security and back-up measures, some of our servers are potentially vulnerable to physical
or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Despite the precautionary measures we have taken to prevent
unanticipated problems that could affect our IT systems, there are no assurances that electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar
disruptive problems, and/or sustained or repeated system failures or problems arising during the upgrade of any of our IT systems that
interrupt our ability to generate and maintain data will not occur. The occurrence of any of the foregoing with respect to our IT systems
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO VARIOUS CLAIMS AND LEGAL ACTIONS ARISING IN THE ORDINARY COURSE OF OUR BUSINESS. 

We
are subject to various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of our business. Any such litigation could be very costly
and could distract our management from focusing on operating our business. The existence of any such litigation could harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition. Results of actual and potential litigation are inherently uncertain. An unfavorable result
in a legal proceeding could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 

We
are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as export control laws, customs laws, sanctions
laws and other laws governing our anticipated operations. If we fail to comply with these laws, we could be subject to civil or criminal
penalties, other remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our
operations are subject to certain anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), and other
anti-corruption laws that apply in countries where we do business. The FCPA and other anti-corruption laws generally prohibit us and
our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons
to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We and our commercial partners operate in a number of jurisdictions
that pose a high risk of potential FCPA violations and we participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions
could potentially subject us to liability under the FCPA or local anti-corruption laws. In addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope
or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws
might be administered or interpreted. 

We
are also subject to other laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered in the U.S.
and in the EU, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions on countries and persons, customs requirements and
currency exchange regulations (collectively, Trade Control Laws ). 

There
can be no assurance that we are completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all applicable anticorruption laws, including the
FCPA or other legal requirements, such as Trade Control Laws. Any investigation of potential violations of the FCPA, other anti-corruption
laws or Trade Control Laws by the United States, the European Union or other authorities could have an adverse impact on our reputation,
our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, should we be found not to be in compliance with the FCPA, other
anti-corruption laws or Trade Control Laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial
measures, as well as the accompanying legal expenses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and liquidity,
as well as on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

17 

IF
SECURITIES ANALYSTS DO NOT PUBLISH RESEARCH OR REPORTS ABOUT OUR BUSINESS OR IF THEY PUBLISH NEGATIVE EVALUATIONS OF OUR STOCK, THE PRICE
OF OUR COMMON STOCK COULD DECLINE. 

The
trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us
or our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by industry or financial analysts. If no or few analysts
commence coverage of us, the trading price of our common stock could decrease. Even if we do obtain analyst coverage, if one or more
of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our common stock could decline. If one or
more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our common stock, which in turn could cause
our stock price to decline. 

OUR
CHARTER PROVIDES FOR LIMITATIONS OF DIRECTOR LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES. 

Our
certificate of incorporation limits the liability of directors to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides
that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors,
except for liability for any: 

breach
 of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

act
 or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful
 payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation
 Law; or 

transaction
 from which the directors derived an improper personal benefit. 

These
limitations of liability do not apply to liabilities arising under the federal or state securities laws and do not affect the availability
of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. 

Our
bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors, officers and employees to the fullest extent permitted by law. Our bylaws also provide
that we are obligated to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding.
We believe that these provisions are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

The
limitation of liability in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors
for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even
though an action, if successful, might provide a benefit to us and our stockholders. Our results of operations and financial condition
may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

IF
OUR ACCOUNTING CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES ARE CIRCUMVENTED OR OTHERWISE FAIL TO ACHIEVE THEIR INTENDED PURPOSES, OUR BUSINESS COULD BE SERIOUSLY
HARMED. 

We
evaluate our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of each fiscal quarter, and annually review and evaluate our internal control
over financial reporting in order to comply with the Commission s rules relating to internal control over financial reporting adopted
pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or our management does not timely assess the adequacy of such
internal control, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions, and our reputation may decline. 

MANY
OF OUR COMPETITORS ARE LARGER AND HAVE GREATER FINANCIAL AND OTHER RESOURCES THAN WE DO. 

Our
products compete and will compete with similar if not identical products produced by our competitors. These competitive products could
be marketed by well-established, successful companies that possess greater financial, marketing, distribution personnel, and other resources
than we do. Using said resources, these companies can implement extensive advertising and promotional campaigns, both generally and in
response to specific marketing efforts by competitors. They can introduce new products to new markets more rapidly. In certain instances,
competitors with greater financial resources may be able to enter a market in direct competition with us, offering attractive marketing
tools to encourage the sale of products that compete with our products or present cost features that consumers may find attractive. 

IF
WE SHIP PRODUCTS THAT CONTAIN DEFECTS, THE MARKET ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRODUCTS AND OUR REPUTATION WILL BE HARMED AND OUR CUSTOMERS COULD
SEEK TO RECOVER THEIR DAMAGES FROM US. 

Our
products are complex, and despite extensive testing, may contain defects or undetected errors or failures that may become apparent only
after our products have been shipped to our customers or after product features or new versions are released. Any such defect, error
or failure could result in failure of market acceptance of our products or damage to our reputation or relations with our customers,
resulting in substantial costs for us and our customers as well as the cancellation of orders, warranty costs and product returns. In
addition, any defects, errors, misuse of our products or other potential problems within or out of our control that may arise from the
use of our products could result in financial or other damages to our customers. Our customers could seek to have us pay for these losses.
Although we maintain product liability insurance, it may not be adequate. 

18 

THE
REQUIREMENTS OF BEING A PUBLIC COMPANY MAY STRAIN OUR RESOURCES, DIVERT MANAGEMENT S ATTENTION AND AFFECT OUR ABILITY TO ATTRACT
AND RETAIN QUALIFIED BOARD MEMBERS. 

We
are a public company and subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Exchange
Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls
for financial reporting. For example, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that our management report on the effectiveness
of our internal controls structure and procedures for financial reporting. Section 404 compliance may divert internal resources and will
take a significant amount of time and effort to complete. If we fail to maintain compliance under Section 404, or if our internal control
over financial reporting continues to not be effective as defined under Section 404, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations
by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company may suffer, and
this could cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. Any failure of our internal controls could have a material adverse
effect on our stated results of operations and harm our reputation. If we are unable to implement these changes effectively or efficiently,
it could harm our operations, financial reporting or financial results and could result in an adverse opinion on internal controls from
our independent auditors. We may need to hire a number of additional employees with public accounting and disclosure experience in order
to meet our ongoing obligations as a public company, particularly if we become fully subject to Section 404 and its auditor attestation
requirements, which will increase costs. Our management team and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to
new compliance initiatives and to meeting the obligations that are associated with being a public company, which may divert attention
from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
entered into an operating lease agreement, effective October 1, 2017, for our corporate headquarters located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
where we lease approximately 6,500 square feet of office space. The lease expires on March 31, 2024. The base rent payment is approximately
 9,950 per month, subject to annual adjustments. 

We
entered into an operating lease agreement, effective June 1, 2013, for 86,000 square feet of warehouse space in Ontario, California for
our logistics operations. On June 15, 2020, we executed a three-year lease extension which will expire on August 31, 2023. We do not
intend to renew the lease agreement and have signed a service agreement with a third-party logistics company to provide domestic and
Canadian warehousing services, effective September 1, 2023. The base rent payment is approximately 69,300 for the remaining term of
the lease. 

We
entered into an operating lease agreement, effective October 15, 2022, for our administrative office located in Hong Kong where we lease
approximately 1,890 square feet of office space. The lease expires on October 14, 2025. The base rent payment is approximately 4,900
per month for the entire term of the lease. 

We
believe that our facilities are well maintained, in substantial compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and adequately covered
by insurance. We also believe that these leased facilities are not unique and could be replaced, if necessary, at the end of the term
of the existing leases. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not a party to, and our property is not the subject of, any pending material legal proceedings. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

19 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Markets under the symbol MICS. Prior to May 23, 2022, our common stock traded
on the OTC Markets, Inc. s OTCQX under the symbol SMDM. 

Record Holders 

As
of July 12, 2023, based upon information received from our transfer agent, there were approximately 194 record holders of our outstanding
common stock. This number does not include: 

any
 beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other
 fiduciaries, or 

broker-dealers
 or other participants who hold or clear shares directly or indirectly through the Depository Trust Company, or its nominee, Cede
 Co. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. Our Board of Directors intends to continue its policy for the foreseeable
future. Future dividend policy will depend upon our earnings, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors considered
relevant by our Board of Directors and will be subject to limitations imposed under Delaware law. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Equity
Compensation Information 

The
information required by this item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Item
12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
objective of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation is to allow investors to
view our company from management s perspective, considering items that would have a material impact on future operations. 

The
following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition as of and during
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes
included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated
in or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those discussed in the section captioned
 Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report. See also the section captioned Disclosure
on Forward-Looking Statements in this report. 

Overview 

We
are primarily engaged in the development, marketing, and sale of consumer karaoke audio equipment, accessories and musical recordings.
We believe we are a leading global karaoke and music entertainment company that specializes in the design and production of quality karaoke
and music enabled consumer products for adults and children. Our products are among the most widely available karaoke products in the
world. Our mission is to create joy through music. In order to deliver on this mission, we are focused on the following
multi-prong approach: 

In
 the short-term, improve profitability by optimizing operations and continue to expand gross margins; and 

In
 the mid-to-long-term, continue to grow our global distribution and expand into new product categories that take advantage of our
 vast distribution relationships and sourcing abilities. 

20 

Results
of Operations for the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 Compared With Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain income and expense items expressed as a percentage of our total revenues: 

For
 the Fiscal Years Ended 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

Net Sales 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 76.6 
 77.2 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 32.8 
 22.7 
 
 Operating (Loss) Income 
 -9.4 
 0.1 
 
 Other Income, Net 
 0.2 
 0.4 
 
 (Loss) Income Before Income Tax Provision 
 -9.2 
 0.5 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 -2.6 
 -0.1 
 
 Net (Loss) Income 
 -11.8 
 0.4 

Net
Sales 

Net
sales for the year ended March 31, 2023 Fiscal 2023 were approximately 39.3 million. This represents a decrease of approximately
 8.2 million from the approximately 47.5 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 Fiscal 2022 ). We experienced
a decrease in net sales to four of our five major customers in Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022. The decrease in net sales was largely
due to two main factors: (1) our major customers began the holiday season with excess inventory that was held over from the previous
year due to late delivery of shipments caused by significant supply chain issues experienced globally during the calendar year 2022;
and (2) the news of economic recession, inflation, and interest rate hikes dampened customers expectations for the holiday season,
which resulted in our customers taking a very risk-adverse approach to buying and carrying inventory for the 2022 holiday season. Most
of our major customers either did not take some of the inventory they had committed to earlier in the year or required significant co-op
promotion incentives on goods sold to assist in holiday inventory sell-through. Co-op promotion incentives for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2023 increased to approximately 2.3 million, or 6.0 of net sales, as compared to approximately 1.7 million, or 3.6 of net
sales, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit for Fiscal 2023 was approximately 9.2 million, or 23.4 of total revenues, compared to approximately 10.8 million, or 22.8 
of sales for Fiscal 2022, a decrease of approximately 1.6 million. The decrease in net sales accounted for approximately 1.9 million
of the decrease, offset by an increase in gross profit margin of approximately 0.3 million. 

Gross
profit margin for Fiscal 2023 was 23.4 , compared to 22.8 for Fiscal 2022, an increase of 0.6 . There were increases in gross margin
of approximately 1.7 million, or 5.1 , primarily due to increased pricing and lower landed product costs from significantly decreased
costs of shipping containers compared to the previous year. These increases in gross profit margin were offset by co-op promotion incentives
that accounted for approximately 0.6 million, or 2.3 , of the gross margin decrease and an increase in inventory reserves contributing
to approximately 0.8 million, or 2.2 of the gross margin decrease. 

Operating
Expenses 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, total operating expenses increased to approximately 12.9 million compared to approximately 10.7
million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. This represents an increase in total operating expenses of approximately 2.2 million.
There was a decrease in selling expenses of approximately 0.1 million primarily due to the decrease in sales, offset by an increase
of approximately 2.3 million in general and administrative expenses. 

General
and administrative expenses increased to approximately 9.2 million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, compared to approximately
 6.9 million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, an increase of approximately 2.3 million. There was an increase in legal,
professional, investor relations and stock transfer costs of approximately 0.9 million primarily related to the Nasdaq up-listing, change
in control issues, regulatory filings, Delaware franchise fees and arbitration settlement. in the amount of 30,000. There was an increase
in compensation of approximately 0.5 million, primarily due to compensation for new members of the board of directors, and officers 
and employees incentive compensation, new hires as well as merit increases. There was compensation expense of 0.4 million related
to a change of control and employment continuation agreement with the Chief Financial Officer. There was an increase in travel expenses
of approximately 0.3 million, which includes participation in trade shows which we had not attended since the beginning of COVID-19.
There were inflationary expenses increases of approximately 0.1 million in our California warehouse operations with the remaining increase
due to other expenses that have increased due to inflation. 

21 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

Other
income, net decreased by approximately 0.1 million, to approximately 0.1 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, compared
to approximately 0.2 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, there was a refund
of approximately 0.7 million, net of expenses, from the Employee Retention Credit Program. This increase in other income was offset
by fees of approximately 0.2 million for exiting the intercreditor revolving credit facility with Crestmark Bank Crestmark and Iron Horse Credit IHC (See Note 6 Financing) that was recorded as a loss from extinguishment of debt and
interest expense of approximately 0.4 million. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, there was a one-time gain from the forgiveness
of the Payroll Protection Plan loan of approximately 0.4 million and a gain from the settlement of accounts payable with one of our
factories of 0.3 million for a previous year s damaged goods incident. These increases in other income were offset by interest
expense of approximately 0.5 million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

(Loss)
Income Before Income Tax (Provision) 

We
had a net loss before income tax provision of approximately 3.6 million in Fiscal 2023, compared to income before income tax provision
of approximately 0.3 million in Fiscal 2022. The increase was primarily due to the increase in operating expenses of approximately 2.2
million and a decrease in gross profit of approximately 1.6 million, as discussed above. 

Income
Tax Provision 

Significant
management judgment is required in developing our provision for income taxes, including the determination of foreign tax
liabilities, deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances that are against deferred tax assets. Management evaluates
its ability to realize its deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis and adjusts its valuation allowance when it believes that it is
not likely to be realized. As of March 31, 2023, management determined that a full valuation allowance was required. On March 31,
2023 and 2022, we had net deferred tax assets of approximately 0.0 million and 0.9 million, respectively. The deferred tax assets
on March 31, 2023 and 2022 were net of a valuation allowance of approximately 2.0 million and approximately 0.1 million,
respectively. 

In
Fiscal 2023, we recognized an income tax provision of approximately 1.0 million, compared to an income tax provision of approximately
 0.1 million in Fiscal 2022. Our effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately 28.6 as compared to
19.9 for Fiscal 2022. 

We
operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to audit in those jurisdictions. Because of the complex issues involved,
any claims can require an extended period to resolve. In management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made. 

Net
(Loss) Income 

As
a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of approximately 4.6 million and net income of approximately 0.2 million for Fiscal 2023
and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Liquidity
And Capital Resources 

On
March 31, 2023, we had cash on hand of approximately 2.9 million as compared to cash on hand of approximately 2.3 million on March
31, 2022. The increase of cash on hand of approximately 0.6 million was primarily due to approximately 1.2 million provided by financing
activities and offset by approximately 0.6 million in net cash used in operating and investing activities. As of March 31, 2023, our
working capital was approximately 9.1 million. 

During
the next twelve-month period, we plan on financing our working capital needs primarily from: 

1)
Vendor financing All our key vendors in China have agreed to manufacture on our behalf without advanced payments and have extended
payment terms to us. The terms with the factories are sufficient to cover the factory direct import sales which are expected to account
for approximately 50 of the total revenues in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024; and 

2)
Credit Facility - We currently have a three-year revolving Credit Facility with Fifth Third Bank for a 15.0 million facility
(decreasing to 7.5 million in off-peak season) on eligible accounts receivable and inventory which terminates on October 14, 2025.
As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, there was approximately 1.8 million available to borrow on the revolving Credit
Facility. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we were in default under the Credit Agreement due to non-compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant
of 1:05 : 1.0. On May 19, 2023, we executed a Waiver and First Amendment agreement which provides for a waiver of previous defaults and
new covenants that are required. We must comply monthly with minimum liquidity (defined as excess loan availability plus cash on hand)
of 2.5 million between February and July and 4.0 million between September and June. We must also maintain pre-defined minimum operating
cash flows between February and August 2023, until we achieve a fixed charge ratio of 1.15 : 1.0 beginning in September 2023 and throughout
the remaining term of the Credit Agreement. As of the date of filing this Annual Report, we are in compliance with the amended covenants
and there is no outstanding balance on the Credit Facility. 

22 

We
believe that our cash on hand (including proceeds from the ATM Offering), working capital (net of cash), cash expected to be generated
from our operating forecast, along with the availability of cash from our Credit Facility, will be adequate to meet our liquidity requirements
for at least twelve months from the filing of this Annual Report. While the Company is optimistic that it will be successful in these
efforts to achieve our plan, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. As such, the Company has a continued
support letter from its parent company, Ault Alliance, through July 14, 2024. 

Cash
used in operating activities in Fiscal 2023 was approximately 0.3 million. There was a decrease in inventory of approximately 4.0 million,
of which approximately 3.3 million was due to the sale of new products purchased for one major customer that were in-transit at the
end of last fiscal year. This was offset by a decrease in accounts payable of approximately 3.5 million due to a decrease in product
purchases as we were able to sell prior year excess inventory from later than usual shipments due to global logistics issues. 

Cash
used in operating activities in Fiscal 2022 was approximately 2.0 million. There was an increase in inventory of approximately 8.4
million, of which approximately 3.7 million was additional inventory due to products that were delivered too late for seasonal shipments
as a result of global logistics difficulties, approximately 3.3 million was new products purchased for one major customer that were
in-transit with the remaining increase primarily due to CPK inventory to be re-launched during the upcoming fiscal year. There was an
increase in accounts receivable of approximately 0.6 million due to later than usual shipments due to global logistics issues. These
decreases in cash used in operations were offset by an increase in amounts due from banks of approximately 4.5 million due to cash required
to pay vendors for the additional inventory and an increase in accounts payable of approximately 3.2 million primarily due to new seasonal
goods in-transit. 

Cash
used in investing activities for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 was approximately 0.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively, primarily
for the purchase of molds and tooling for new karaoke models. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for Fiscal 2023 was approximately 1.2 million, compared to cash provided by financing activities
of approximately 4.0 million for Fiscal 2022. In May 2022, we received net proceeds of approximately 3.4 million from the public offering
we executed in conjunction with our up-listing to Nasdaq. In addition, during Fiscal 2023, we received proceeds of approximately 1.2
million from the exercise of pre-funded and common stock warrants. All proceeds were used for working capital. In October 2022, we exited
our financing facility with Crestmark and IHC and entered into a new financing arrangement with Fifth Third Bank. We incurred an exit
fee of approximately 0.2 million for early termination of the financing facility with Crestmark and IHC. We used net proceeds of approximately
 3.1 million from the new financing agreement to pay the subordinated debt to a former related party of approximately 0.3 million, closing
costs of approximately 0.3 million, with the remaining 2.5 million used to settle amounts due on the prior financing with IHC. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for Fiscal 2022 was approximately 4.0 million. We received loan proceeds from our inventory line
of credit of approximately 2.4 million. In August 2021, we received net proceeds of approximately 1.8 million from the execution of
the securities purchase agreement and Redemption Agreement as discussed below. These financing activities were offset by a payment of
approximately 0.2 million on the subordinated related party debt, with the remaining offset primarily due to payments made on scheduled
installments on installment notes and finance leases. 

In
August 2021, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with large institutional investors
and a strategic investor for private placement of (i) 550,000 shares of our common stock together with common warrants to purchase up
to 550,000 shares of common stock for an exercise price of 10.50 per share, and (ii) 561,111 pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded
Warrants with each Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, together
with Common Warrants to purchase up to 561,111 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 10.50 per share (the Private Placement ).
At the closing of the Private Placement, we received approximately 9.8 million, of which approximately 7.2 million was used to repurchase
shares of our common stock pursuant to that certain Redemption Agreement discussed below. We received an increase in working capital
of approximately 1.8 million after settlement of expenses associated with closing of these transactions. 

In
August 2021, we entered into the Redemption Agreement with koncepts and Treasure Green, pursuant to which we acquired the 654,105 Redeemed
Shares. The closing of the transactions set forth in the Redemption Agreement took place on August 10, 2021, at which time the Redeemed
Shares were assigned and transferred back to us in consideration of a payment of approximately 7.2 million to koncepts and Treasure
Green. The Redeemed Shares were retired and returned as unissued authorized capital. 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we secured additional vendor invoice credits of approximately 0.2 million from vendors relating
to the same damaged goods incident. 

Exchange
Rates 

We
sell most of our products in U.S. dollars with some sales to certain Canadian customers in Canadian Dollars and pay for all of our manufacturing
costs in either U.S. or Hong Kong dollars. We are subject to risks involved in the exchange rate between the Canadian and US dollar,
however, even though the exchange rate has fluctuated between 1.29 to 1.35 CAD to the U.S. Dollar during peak selling and collection
season in Fiscal 2023 sales volume sold in Canadian dollars was not significant and the associated exchange rates did not have a material
impact on our financial results. Operating expenses of the Macau office are paid in either Hong Kong dollars or Macau Pataca (MOP). The
exchange rate of the Hong Kong dollar to the U.S. dollar has been relatively stable at approximately HK 7.75 to U.S. 1.00 since 1983
and, accordingly, has not represented a currency exchange risk to the U.S. dollar. The exchange rate of the MOP to the U.S. dollar is
approximately MOP 8.00 to U.S. 1.00. While exchange rates have been stable for several years, we cannot assure you that the exchange
rate between the United States, Macau, Hong Kong and Canadian currencies will continue to be stable and exchange rate fluctuations may
have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

23 

Seasonal
and Quarterly Results 

Historically,
our operations have been seasonal, with the highest net sales occurring in the second and third quarters (reflecting increased orders
for equipment and music merchandise during the Christmas selling months) and to a lesser extent the first and fourth quarters of the
fiscal year. Sales in our fiscal second and third quarter, combined, accounted for approximately 62 and 81 of net sales in Fiscal 2023
and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Our
results of operations may also fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the amount and timing of orders placed and shipped to
customers. We may experience quarter to quarter fluctuations in product landed cost as the cost of shipping containers, drayage port
delay charges and other logistics related costs increase as peak shipping season arrives. The fulfillment of orders can therefore significantly
affect results of operations on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 

During
2022 and continuing into 2023, the United States has experienced a rapid increase in inflation levels of approximately 6.5 year-over
year in 2022 and approximately 4.0 year-over-year in 2023. Such heightened inflationary levels may negatively impact consumer disposable
income and discretionary spending and, in turn, reduce consumer demand for our products and increase our costs and could significantly
affect results of operations on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We
prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
As such, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that it believes are reasonable based on the information
available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods presented. The significant accounting policies which management believes
are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results included accounts receivable allowance
for doubtful accounts, reserves on inventory, revenue recognition and reserve for sales returns and allowances and income taxes. 

Accounts
Receivable and Collectibility 

Our
accounts receivable consist of amounts due from customers in the ordinary course of business. Accounts receivable are carried at cost,
net of allowances for uncollectible amounts. Provisions for losses are charged to operations in amounts sufficient to maintain an allowance
for losses at a level considered adequate to cover probable losses inherent in our accounts receivable. Our allowance for doubtful accounts
is based on management s estimates of the creditworthiness of our customers, current economic conditions and historical information,
and, in the opinion of management, is believed to be an amount sufficient to respond to normal business conditions. Management sets 100 
reserves for customers in bankruptcy and other reserves based upon historical collection experience and future expectations. Should business
conditions deteriorate or any major customer default on its obligations to us, this allowance may need to be significantly increased,
which would have a negative impact on operations. We are subject to chargebacks from customers for co-op promotion incentives, defective
returns, return freight and handling charges that are deducted from open invoices, charged against revenue, and reduce collectability
of open invoices. 

Reserves
On Inventories 

We
establish a reserve on inventory based on the expected net realizable value of inventory on an item-by-item basis when it is apparent
that the expected realizable value of an inventory item falls below its original cost. A charge to cost of sales results when the estimated
net realizable value of specific inventory items declines below cost. Management regularly reviews our investment in inventories for
such declines in value due to excess supply on-hand, slow-moving product and end-of-life product. On March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had
inventory reserves of approximately 0.9 million and 0.4 million, respectively. 

Revenue
Recognition And Reserve For Sales Returns and Allowances 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification 606,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . All revenue is generated from contracts with customers. We recognize revenue when
control of the goods sold is transferred to the customer, in an amount, referred to as the transaction price, that reflects the consideration
to which we are expected to be entitled in exchange for those goods. We determine revenue recognition utilizing the following five steps:
(1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract (promised goods
or services that are distinct); (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligations; and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we transfer control of the product or service for each performance obligation. 

Our
contracts with customers consist of one performance obligation (the sale of our products). Our contracts have no financing elements,
payment terms are less than 120 days and have no further contract asset or liability obligations once control of goods is transferred
to the customer. Revenue is recorded in the amount of consideration we expect to receive for the sale of these goods. 

24 

Costs
incurred in fulfilling contracts with customers include administrative costs associated with the procurement of goods are included in
general and administrative expenses, in-bound freight costs are included in the cost of goods sold and accrued sales representative commissions
are included in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as our underlying customer agreements are
less than one year. 

We
selectively participate in a retailer s co-op promotion incentives to maximize sales of our products on the retail floor or to
assist in developing consumer awareness of new product launches, by providing marketing fund allowances to our customers. As these co-op
promotion incentives are not a distinct good or service and we cannot reasonably estimate the fair value of the benefit we receive from
these arrangements, the cost of these allowances at the time they are offered to the customers are recorded as a reduction to net sales.
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, co-op promotion incentives were approximately 2.3 million and 1.7 million, respectively. 

We
disaggregate revenues by product line and major geographic region as most of its revenue is generated by the sales of karaoke hardware
and we have no other material business segments (See NOTE 14 SEGMENT INFORMATION). 

While
we generally do not contractually provide for overstock returns, we do provide for variable consideration contingent upon the occurrence
of uncertain future events. Variable consideration is estimated at the expected value or at the most likely amount depending on the type
of consideration. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. We estimate
variable consideration under our return allowance programs for goods returned from the customer for various reasons, whereby a sales
return reserve is recorded based on historic return amounts, specific events as identified and management estimates. 

For
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we received sales returns of approximately 5.0 million and 3.6 million, respectively.
The return of products is due to a variety of reasons including defective units, customers overstock and buyers remorse.
The primary reason for the increase of approximately 1.4 million in returns was an increase in overstock returns from one major customer. 

Our
reserves for sales returns were approximately 0.9 million and 1.0 million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively (See NOTE 18
 RESERVE FOR SALES RETURNS). 

Income
Taxes 

We
operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to audit in those jurisdictions. Because of the complex issues involved,
any claims can require an extended period to resolve. In management s opinion, adequate provisions for potential income taxes in
the jurisdictions have been made. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. If it is more likely than
not that some portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recognized. 

Other
Estimates 

We
make other estimates in the ordinary course of business relating to sales returns and allowances, warranty reserves, and reserves for
promotional incentives. Historically, past changes to these estimates have not had a material impact on our financial condition. However,
circumstances could change which may alter future expectations. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) . This ASU represents
a significant change in the current accounting model by requiring immediate recognition of management s estimates of current expected
credit losses. Under the prior model, losses were recognized only as they were incurred, which delayed recognition of expected losses
that might not yet have met the threshold of being probable. The
amendments in ASU 2016-03 are effective for our fiscal year beginning April 1, 2023 including interim periods within that fiscal year.
We adopted ASU 2016-03 on April 1, 2023, and the adoption did not have any material effect on our consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements required pursuant to this Item 8 are included in this Annual Report, following Item 16 hereof, commencing on page
F-1 and are incorporated herein by reference. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide supplementary financial information. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

25 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer (our Chief Executive Officer) and Principal
Financial Officer (our Chief Financial Officer), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March
31, 2023, the end of our fiscal year covered by this report. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures
of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or person performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management
recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

(b)
Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. This rule defines internal control over financial reporting as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of Company management to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting using the components established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

A
system of internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A material weakness is any deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our company s annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Based
upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of the year covered by this Annual Report. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Controls 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended March 31, 2023, that materially
affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Auditor
Attestation 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual
Report. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

26 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers, directors and significant employees as of the
date of this filing. 

Milton
 C. Ault, III 
 
 53 
 
 Executive
 Chairman 

Gary
 Atkinson 
 
 41 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director 

Bernardo
 Melo 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Revenue Officer, Director 

Lionel
 Marquis 
 
 70 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

James
 M.Turner 
 
 47 
 
 General
 Counsel, Director 

Henry
 C.W. Nisser 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

Kenneth
 S. Cragun 
 
 61 
 
 Director 

Harvey
 Judkowitz 
 
 78 
 
 Director 

Joseph
 Kling 
 
 93 
 
 Director 

Mathieu
 Peloquin 
 
 52 
 
 Director 

Jay
 B. Foreman 
 
 61 
 
 Director 

The
following information sets forth the backgrounds and business experience of our directors and executive officers: 

Milton
C. Ault, III, was appointed to the Board of Directors as Executive Chairman in April 2023. Mr. Ault has served as Executive Chairman
of the Board of Directors of Ault Alliance since January 2021. Mr. Ault previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Ault Alliance
from December 2017 to January 2021 and as Executive Chairman from March to December 2017. Mr. Ault is a seasoned business professional
and entrepreneur who has spent decades identifying value in various financial markets including equities, fixed income, commodities,
and real estate. Mr. Ault has served as the Chairman of the Board of Ault Disruptive Technologies Corporation ADTC ), an
NYSE listed Special Purpose Acquisition Company, since its incorporation in February 2021. On February 25, 2016, Mr. Ault founded Alzamend
Neuro, Inc. Alzamend ), a biotechnology firm dedicated to finding the treatment, prevention and cure for Alzheimer s
Disease and served as its Chairman until its initial public offering, when he became Alzamend s Chairman Emeritus and a consultant.
Mr. Ault has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ault Company, Inc., a Delaware holding company, since December 2015,
and as Chairman of Avalanche International Corp. Avalanche ), a publicly traded Nevada company, which as such is not required
to file periodic reports, since September 2014. Since January 2011, Mr. Ault has been the Vice President of Business Development for
MCKEA Holdings, LLC, a family office. Throughout his career, Mr. Ault has consulted for publicly traded and privately held companies,
providing each of them the benefit of his diversified experience, that range from development stage to seasoned businesses. 

The
Board has concluded that Mr. Ault is qualified to serve on the Board and as Executive Chairman because of his significant business background. 

Gary
Atkinson joined the Company in January 2008 and served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. In November 2009, Mr. Atkinson
was appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer and was promoted as the Company s permanent Chief Executive Officer in May, 2012.
Mr. Atkinson was appointed as a Director of the Company on August 11, 2022. Mr. Atkinson is a licensed attorney in Florida and Georgia.
He graduated from the University of Rochester with a Bachelor s Degree in Economics and has been awarded a dual-degree J.D./M.B.A.
from Case Western Reserve University School of Law and Weatherhead School of Management. 

The
Company believes that Mr. Atkinson is qualified to serve on the Board of Directors because of his 15+ years of karaoke industry experience
and management experience. 

Bernardo
Melo has been with the Company since February 2003. Mr. Melo was appointed as Chief Revenue Officer on April 22, 2022 and has served
as the Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing VP of Sales since 2008. Mr. Melo was appointed as a Director of the
Company on July 27, 2022. During his tenure at the Company, Mr. Melo has overseen the sales and operations of the music division as well
as managed the customer service department. Before taking over the responsibility of VP of Sales, Mr. Melo held dual roles with the Company
managing the operations, licensing and sales of the music division while concentrating on hardware sales for the Latin America and Canada
market as well as key U.S. accounts such as Walmart. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Melo held a consulting role for Rewards Network
formerly Idine. Mr. Melo s assignment during his tenure was improving their operational procedures while increasing efficiencies
and lowering operating cost. Mr. Melo also worked at Coverall North America as Director of Sales managing a startup initiative for the
company covering 15 regional office and 40 sales reps across North America focusing on franchise sales. Overall Mr. Melo has over 16
years of sales, marketing and management experience. 

The
Company believes that Mr. Melo is qualified to serve on the Board of Directors because of his 16+ years in senior positions sales and
marketing experience as well as his karaoke industry and management experience. 

27 

Lionel
Marquis joined the Company in June 2008 as Controller and Principal Accounting Officer and was appointed as the Company s Chief
Financial Officer in May 2012. For the past 27 years Mr. Marquis has served as Controller and or Chief Financial Officer for several
manufacturing and distribution companies in the South Florida area. Some of these companies include Computer Products, Inc (Artesyn Technologies
Inc), US Plastic Lumber Corp., Casi-Rusco, (division of Interlogix Inc.), DHF Industries, Inc and Ingear Fashions, Inc. Mr. Marquis graduated
from Bryant University with a Bachelor s Degree in Business Administration with a major in accounting. Mr. Marquis is a Certified
Public Accountant in the state of Florida. 

Henry
C.W. Nisser was appointed as director of the Company On April 5, 2023. Mr. Nisser has served as President of Ault Alliance, Inc. AAI) since January 2021, as a member of the Board of Directors of Ault Alliance since September 2020 and as General Counsel
of Ault Alliance since May 2019. Mr. Nisser previously served as Executive Vice President of Ault Alliance from May 2019 to January 2021.
Mr. Nisser has served as the President, General Counsel and on the Board of Directors of BitNile Metaverse, Inc., a Nasdaq listed company
that operates the BitNile.com metaverse platform, since March 2023. Mr. Nisser is the Executive Vice President and General Counsel of
Avalanche. Mr. Nisser has served as the President, General Counsel and on the board of directors of ADTC since its incorporation in February
2021. Mr. Nisser has served on the board of directors of Alzamend since September 1, 2020 and has served as its Executive Vice President
and General Counsel since May 1, 2019. From October 31, 2011 through April 26, 2019, Mr. Nisser was an associate and subsequently a partner
with Sichenzia Ross Ference LLP SRF ), a law firm based in New York City. While with SRF, his practice was concentrated
in national and international corporate law, with a particular focus on U.S. securities compliance, public as well as private M A,
equity and debt financings and corporate governance. Mr. Nisser drafted and negotiated a variety of agreements related to reorganizations,
share and asset purchases, indentures, public and private offerings, tender offers and going private transactions. Mr. Nisser also represented
clients special committees established to evaluate M A transactions and advised such committees members with respect
to their fiduciary duties. Mr. Nisser is fluent in French and Swedish as well as conversant in Italian. Mr. Nisser received his B.A.
from Connecticut College in 1992, where he majored in International Relations and Economics. He received his LLB from the University
of Buckingham School of Law in 1999. 

The
Board has concluded that Mr. Nisser is qualified to serve on the board of directors because of his extensive legal experience involving
complex transactions and comprehensive knowledge of securities laws and corporate governance requirements applicable to listed companies. 

Kenneth
S. Cragun was appointed as a director of the Company on July 27, 2022. Mr. Cragun has served as the Chief Financial Officer AAI since
August 2020, and from October 2018 until August 2020, served as the Chief Accounting Officer of AAI. Since June 2021, Mr.
Cragun has served on a part-time basis as the Senior Vice President of Financial of Alzamend, and between December 2018 and June 2021,
he served as Chief Financial Officer. He served as a CFO Partner at Hardesty, LLC, a national executive services firm since October 2016.
His assignments at Hardesty included serving as CFO of CorVel Corporation, a 1.1 billion market cap publicly traded company (NASDAQ:
CRVL) and a nationwide leader in technology driven, healthcare-related, risk management programs and of RISA Tech, Inc. a private structural
design and optimization software company. Mr. Cragun was also CFO of two NASDAQ-listed companies, Local Corporation, from April 2009
to September 2016, which operated Local.com, a U.S. top 100 website, and Modtech Holdings, Inc., from June 2006 to March 2009, a supplier
of modular buildings. Prior thereto, he had financial leadership roles with increasing responsibilities at MIVA, Inc., ImproveNet, Inc.,
NetCharge Inc., C-Cube Microsystems, Inc, and 3-Com Corporation. Mr. Cragun has served on the board of directors and is the chairman
of the audit committee of Verb Technology Company, Inc., a Nasdaq listed software-as-a-service applications platform developer, since
September 2018. Mr. Cragun began his professional career at Deloitte. Mr. Cragun holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from
Colorado State University-Pueblo. Mr. Cragun s industry experience is vast, with extensive experience in fast-growth environments
and building teams in more than 20 countries. Mr. Cragun has led multiple financing transactions, including IPOs, PIPEs, convertible
debt, term loans and lines of credit. 

The
Board has concluded that Mr. Cragun is qualified to serve on the Board of Directors because of his experience with multiple financing
transactions including IPO s, PIPEs, convertible debt and lines of credit. 

James
M. Turner was appointed as a director of the Company on July 27, 2022 and as General Counsel, on a part-time basis, in April 2023.
Mr. Turner has served as the Deputy General Counsel and VP of Legal Affairs at Ault Alliance, Alzamend and Avalanche since April 2021.
Prior to joining AAI, Mr. Turner spent approximately 19 years, including the last 10 as a partner, at SRF. Mr. Turner has significant
practice involving corporate and securities law, including public and private equity and debt offerings, mergers and acquisitions, corporate
governance and securities law compliance. Mr. Turner received B.A. degrees from Elmira College in political science and international
relations, and his J.D. degree from American University, Washington College of Law, where he was a member of the American University
International Law Review. 

The
Board has concluded that Mr. Turner is qualified to serve on the board of directors because of his extensive legal experience involving
complex transactions and comprehensive knowledge of securities laws and corporate governance requirements applicable to listed companies. 

Harvey
Judkowitz has served as a Director of the Company since March 29, 2004 and is the chairman of the Audit Committee. He is licensed
as a CPA in New York and Florida. From 1988 to the present date, Mr. Judkowitz has conducted his own CPA practices. He has served as
the Chairman and CEO of UniPro Financial Services, a diversified financial services company up until the company was sold in September
of 2005. He was formerly the President and Chief Operating Officer of Photovoltaic Solar Cells, Inc. 

The
Company believes that Mr. Judkowitz is qualified to serve on the Board of Directors because he is a qualified CPA with over 19+ years 
experience on the Board. 

28 

Joseph
Kling was appointed as a Director of the Company on May 9, 2017. Mr. Kling has spent his entire career in the toy industry, most
notably serving as CEO of View-Master, the iconic stereoscopic toy company, which later purchased Ideal Toy from CBS and later became
View-Master Ideal, publicly traded on the Nasdaq. View-Master Ideal later acquired California Plush Toys and the entire group was later
acquired by Tyco Toys in 1989. Mr. Kling later went into private M A consulting and sat on the board of Russ Berrie Co (currently
known as Kids Brands, Inc.) for 21 years advising on the acquisition of several toy companies. Mr. Kling has also served on the Board
of Crown Crafts, a large distributor of infant, toddler, and juvenile consumer products and on the board of Lancit Media Entertainment,
a children s and family media production company (formerly listed on the Nasdaq). Notably, Mr. Kling has been involved in many
major toy company acquisitions of brands such as Melissa Doug and Brio. 

The
Company believes that Mr. Kling is qualified to serve on the Board of Directors because of his success and relationships in the toy industry
and his deep understanding of consumer products and market awareness of mergers and acquisitions in the toy industry. 

Mathieu
Peloquin was appointed as a Director of the Company on December 1, 2021. Mr. Peloquin was appointed Senior Vice-President, Marketing
and Communications at Stingray in 2013 and oversees marketing, communication strategies, content and investor relations. Mr. Peloquin
brings more than 20 years of experience as an expert marketer, strategist and inspiring leader. Prior to joining Stingray, Mr. Peloquin
was Vice President of Marketing at Transcontinental Media Inc. and Vice President of Transcontinental Media Inc. s Digital Marketing
Solutions Group from 2010 to 2013. He also held several executive positions at Reader s Digest Magazines Canada Limited and co-founded
Equinox Marketing Services. Mr. Peloquin is a CPA, CMA and holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the School of Management of the Universit 
du Qu bec Montr al. 

The
Company believes that Mr. Peloquin is qualified to serve as a member of the Board of Directors due to his extensive business experience. 

Jay
B. Foreman was appointed as Director of the Company on May 23, 2022. Mr. Foreman has been a veteran of the toy industry for over
30 years. Mr. Foreman started his career at Fable Toys as a territory sales rep for the Jersey Shore and within ten years became SVP
for Galoob Toys, where he was primarily responsible for developing the direct import business. He has founded multiple toy companies
over his career, including co-founding Play-By-Play Toy s and Novelties and more recently Play Along Toys, a leading toy company,
which was subsequently sold to Jakks Pacific in 2004. Mr. Foreman later went on to found his third start up which became Basic Fun!,
now the makers of Tonka trucks, Carebears , K NEX , Lincoln Logs , Playhut . Mr. Foreman serves
as CEO of Basic Fun!, which role he has had since he founded the company in 2009. He has also served on the boards of directors of the
Toy Association and Licensing Merchandisers association. He currently chairs the Toy Industry trade show committee which is responsible
for the world famous NY Toy Fair. 

The
Company believes that Mr. Foreman is qualified to serve as a member of the Board of Directors because of his extensive history and experience
in the toy business, including his deep knowledge of licensing, operations, sales and marketing, M A, and capital markets. 

Nomination
Of Directors 

Our
Nominating Committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to become directors. The Nominating Committee seeks to identify
director candidates based on input provided by a number of sources, including (1) the Nominating Committee members, (2) our other directors,
(3) our stockholders, (4) our Chief Executive Officer or Chairman, and (5) third parties such as professional search firms. In evaluating
potential candidates for director, the Nominating Committee considers the entirety of each candidate s credentials. 

Qualifications
for consideration as a director nominee may vary according to the particular areas of expertise being sought as a complement to the existing
composition of the Board of Directors. However, at a minimum, candidates for director must possess: 

high
 personal and professional ethics and integrity; 

the
 ability to exercise sound judgment; 

the
 ability to make independent analytical inquiries; 

a
 willingness and ability to devote adequate time and resources to diligently perform Board and committee duties; and 

the
 appropriate and relevant business experience and acumen. 

In
addition to these minimum qualifications, the Nominating Committee also takes into account when considering whether to nominate a potential
director candidate the following factors: 

whether
 the person possesses specific industry expertise and familiarity with general issues affecting our business; 

whether
 the person s nomination and election would enable the Board to have a member that qualifies as an audit committee financial
 expert as such term is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in Item 401 of Regulation
 S-K; 

whether
 the person would qualify as an independent director , as such term is defined in the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules; 

the
 importance of continuity of the existing composition of the Board of Directors to provide long term stability and experienced oversight;
 and 

the
 importance of diversified Board membership, in terms of both the individuals involved and their various experiences and areas of
 expertise. 

29 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Audit
Committee 

The
members of our Audit Committee are Messrs. Judkowitz, Kling and Foreman, with Mr. Judkowitz serving as the Chairperson. Each of Messrs.
Judkowitz, Kling and Foreman is independent under the rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock
Market applicable to audit committee members. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Judkowitz qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and meet the financial sophistication requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Our
Audit Committee has the responsibility for, among other things, (i) selecting, retaining and overseeing our independent registered public
accounting firm, (ii) obtaining and reviewing a report by independent auditors that describe the accounting firm s internal quality
control, and any materials issues or relationships that may impact the auditors, (iii) reviewing and discussing with the independent
auditors standards and responsibilities, strategy, scope and timing of audits, any significant risks, and results, (iv) ensuring the
integrity of the Company s financial statements, (v) reviewing and discussing with the Company s independent auditors any
other matters required to be discussed by PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 1301, (vi) reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction
between the Company and any related person and any other potential conflict of interest situations, (vii) overseeing the Company s
internal audit department, (v) reviewing, approving and overseeing related party transactions, and (viii) establishing and overseeing
procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by Company employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or
auditing matters. The Audit Committee charter can be found online at https://singingmachine.com/pages/governance. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. Judkowitz, Kling and Foreman, with Mr. Kling serving as the Chairperson. Our Compensation
Committee has the responsibility for, among other things, (i) reviewing and approving the chief executive officer s compensation
based on an evaluation in light of corporate goals and objectives, (ii) reviewing and recommending to the Board the compensation of all
other executive officers, (iii) reviewing and recommending to the Board incentive compensation plans and equity plans, (iv) reviewing
and discussing with management the Company s Compensation Discussion and Analysis and related information to be included in the
annual report on Form 10-K and proxy statements, and (v) reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval procedures relating to
Say on Pay Votes. The Compensation Committee charter can be found online at https://singingmachine.com/pages/governance. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Messrs. Judkowitz, Kling and Foreman, with Mr. Foreman serving as the
Chairperson. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has the responsibility relating to assisting the Board in, among other
things, (i) identifying and screening individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors, consistent with criteria approved
by our board of directors, (ii) recommending to the Board the approval of nominees for director, (ii) developing and recommending to
our board of directors a set of corporate governance guidelines, and (iv) overseeing the evaluation of our board of director. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee charter can be found online at https://singingmachine.com/pages/governance. 

No
Family Relationships 

There
is no family relationship between any director and executive officer or among any directors or executive officers. 

Board
Diversity 

The
Board does not have a formal policy regarding board diversity for our board of directors as a whole nor for each individual member, the
nominating and corporate governance committee does consider such factors as gender, race, ethnicity, experience and area of expertise,
as well as other individual attributes that contribute to the total diversity of viewpoints and experience represented on the board of
directors. 

30 

As
required by the Nasdaq Rules that were approved by the SEC in August 2021, the Company is providing information about the gender and
demographic diversity of its directors in the format required by Nasdaq Rules. The information in the matrix below is based solely on
information provided by our directors about their gender and demographic self-identification. Directors who did not answer or indicated
that they preferred not to answer a question are shown under did not disclose demographic background or did not
disclose gender below. 

Board
Diversity Matrix (as of July 6, 2023) 

Total
 Number of Directors 
 
 10

Female 
 
 Male

Non-Binary 
 
 Did
 Not 
 Disclose
 Gender 
 
 Part
 I: Gender Identity 

Directors 

10 

Part
 II: Demographic Background 

African
 American or Black 

Alaskan
 Native or Native American 

Asian 

Hispanic
 or Latinx 

1 

Native
 Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 

8 

Two
 or More Races or Ethnicities 

1 

LGBTQ+ 

Did
 Not Disclose Demographic Background 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except
as set forth below, our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

3. 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
 activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the CFTC to have violated a Federal or state securities
 or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being
 subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law
 or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or
 fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being
 subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated,
 of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association,
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
 with a member. 

On
June 23, 2015, Local Corporation, a Delaware corporation, filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy
Code. Mr. Cragun, a Director of the Company, was chief financial officer of Local Corporation at the time of filing. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting
officer. Our Code of Ethics is available on our website at https://singingmachine.com/pages/governance . 

COMPLIANCE
WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the outstanding shares
of our common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership concerning their shares of our common stock with the SEC and
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. We are required to disclose delinquent filings of reports by such persons. 

Based
solely upon a review of Forms 3, Forms 4, and Forms 5 furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-3 under the Exchange Act, we believe that
all such forms required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the year ended March 31, 2023 were timely filed,
as necessary, by the officers, directors, and security holders required to file such forms except for as set forth in the Delinquent
Section 16(a) section below. 

31 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Mr.
 Gary Atkinson filed a late Form 4 on June 23, 2022 with respect to one transaction; 

Mr.
 Bernardo Melo filed a late Form 4 on June 23, 2022 with respect to one transaction; 

Mr.
 Lionel Marquis filed a late Form 4 on June 23, 2022 with respect to one transaction; and 

Mr.
 Jay B. Foreman filed a late Form 4 on June 30, 2022 with respect to one transaction. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table provides information regarding the compensation earned by or paid to our named executive officers with respect to the
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock
 Awards 
 Option
 Awards 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Comp 
 Non-Qualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 Other
 Comp 
 TOTAL
 COMP 
 
 Gary Atkinson 
 2023 
 212,673 
 30,000 
 15,620 
 42,966 
 - 
 - 
 6,192 
 307,451 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 156,075 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,339 
 161,414 

Lionel Marquis 
 2023 
 181,694 
 240,000 
 8,096 
 30,323 
 - 
 - 
 8,111 
 468,224 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 154,154 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,484 
 160,638 

Bernardo Melo 
 2023 
 213,019 
 98,166 
 8,096 
 30,323 
 - 
 - 
 12,447 
 362,051 
 
 Chief Revenue Officer 
 2022 
 163,004 
 146,725 
 - 
 9,114 
 - 
 - 
 12,389 
 331,232 

(1) Mr.
 Atkinson earned an annual salary of 215,000 for the fiscal year ended 2023 and 156,075
 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

(2) Mr.
 Marquis earned an annual salary of 210,000 for the fiscal year ended 2023 and 154,514 for
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

(3) Mr.
 Melo earned an annual salary of 215,000 for the fiscal year ended 2023 and 163,004 for
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

(4) Other
 compensation consisted of our 401(k) match benefit. 

Outstanding
Option and Stock Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to outstanding grants of options to purchase our common stock under stock option
awards issued with Board of Directors approval to the named executive officers as of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023: 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 

Gary Atkinson, CEO - Other stock
 option awards 
 5,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 6.30 
 07/01/2023 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 1,667 
 - 
 N/A 
 7.20 
 03/31/2026 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 3,333 
 - 
 N/A 
 14.10 
 05/03/2027 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 13,334 
 - 
 N/A 
 4.00 
 05/24/2032 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 1,667 
 - 
 N/A 
 8.65 
 08/16/2032 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Lionel Marquis, CFO - Other stock option awards 
 3,333 
 - 
 N/A 
 6.30 
 07/01/2023 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 500 
 - 
 N/A 
 7.20 
 03/31/2026 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 1,667 
 - 
 N/A 
 14.10 
 05/03/2027 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 10,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 4.00 
 05/24/2032 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 1,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 8.65 
 08/16/2032 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Bernardo Melo, VP Sales - Other stock option
 awards 
 8,333 
 - 
 N/A 
 6.30 
 07/01/2023 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 833 
 - 
 N/A 
 5.10 
 06/30/2025 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 3,333 
 - 
 N/A 
 9.60 
 08/10/2026 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 6,667 
 - 
 N/A 
 14.10 
 05/03/2027 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 1,667 
 - 
 N/A 
 6.60 
 12/25/2031 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 10,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 4.00 
 05/24/2032 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 - Other stock option awards 
 1,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 8.65 
 08/16/2032 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Employment
Agreements 

Effective
April 22, 2022, we entered into employment agreements with each of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Revenue Officer (the Employment
Agreements ). Effective December 28, 2022 we entered into an employment agreement with our Chief Financial Officer. 

The
employment agreements for Messrs. Atkinson and Melo are for a term of three years with automatic renewals for successive one-year terms,
unless either party provides notice of its intention not to extend. Mr. Marquis s employment agreement terminates on the close
of business on December 31, 2023. 

32 

Pursuant
to the Employment Agreements, as compensation for their service as executives of the Company, the executives will receive: (1) a base
salary per annum (the Base Salary ), set forth below and commensurate benefits, as described in the Employment Agreement;
(2) eligibility, subject to their continued employment with the Company, to earn an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus (3)
eligibility, also subject to their continued employment with the Company, to participate in the Company s 2023 Equity Incentive
Plan, or any successor plan, subject to the terms of such plan; and (4) entitlement, also subject to the executives continued
employment with the Company, to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment, and travel expenses
incurred by them in connection with the performance of their duties for the Company and the Company s expense reimbursement policies
and procedures. 

The
executives base salaries are as follows: 

Gary
 Atkinson: 215,000, with an automatic increase to 225,000 on the first anniversary of the Employment Agreement; provided the Company
 remains profitable. 

Lionel
 Marquis: 210,000, terminating on December 31, 2023. 

Bernardo
 Melo: 215,000 with an automatic increase to 225,000 on the first anniversary of the Employment Agreement; provided the Company
 remains profitable. 

In
addition to the payment of accrued amounts due to the executives, the Employment Agreements for Messrs. Atkinson and Melo each provide
for the payment of severance to the Executives in a lump sum payment equal to two times the sum of the executive s base salary
and annual bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, in the event of the termination of the Agreement by the Company without
Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement), or upon the Company s election not to renew the Employment Agreement or by the
executive for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement). The Employment Agreements provide for payments to the executive of
certain amounts in the event of the executive s death or disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement). 

In
the event Messrs. Atkinson s or Melo s employment is terminated by the executive for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment
Agreement) on account of its failure to renew the Employment Agreement or without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement within twelve months of a Change in Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement), the executive shall be entitled to receive a lump
sum payment equal to two times the base salary and annual bonus for the year in which the termination takes place. 

Payment
of severance under the Employment Agreement is conditioned upon Messrs. Atkinson s and Melo s execution of a release in favor
of the Company. 

The
Employment Agreements superseded the change of control agreements previously entered into by the Company in January 2014 with each of
its three executive officers. 

Pursuant
to the change of control agreement CIC Agreement entered into by the Company in January 2014 and subsequent to the change
in control of the Company that occurred in August 2022, Mr. Marquis employment agreement included acknowledgement by the Company
that he was entitled to receive bonus cash compensation of 400,000. This bonus is to be paid in accordance with the section in his Employment
Agreement pertaining to the Change in Control Compensation even if terminated by the Company for any reason. Payments are to be made
as follows: 

(a)
 200,000 on December 31, 2022; 

 (b)
 100,000 on April 30, 2023; and 

 (c)
 100,000 on December 31, 2023. 

Executive
Bonus Plan 

On
April 22, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a Bonus Plan (the Bonus Plan for our
executive officers. 

The
Bonus Plan offers a cash bonus, stock options, and stock grants to the executives based on the Company s EBITDA at its fiscal year
end. The value of the cash bonus and number of stock options and grants increases based on the Company s percentage of net sales.
The Bonus Plan also provides for a one-time option grant to the executives upon the successful listing of the Company s shares
of common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC. 

33 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth with respect to the named director, compensation information inclusive of equity awards and payments made
during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock
 Awards (1) 
 Option
 Awards (2) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Comepnsation Earnings 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 

Harvey Judkowitz 
 18,500 
 5,000 
 7,129 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 30,629 

Joseph Kling 
 19,000 
 5,000 
 7,129 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 31,129 

Jay Foreman 
 18,000 
 5,000 
 8,698 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 31,698 

Mathieu Peloquin 
 12,500 
 5,000 
 7,129 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,629 

James Turner 
 1,000 
 - 
 4,340 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,340 

Kenneth Cragun 
 1,500 
 - 
 4,340 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,840 

Refer
to Note 1 Stock Based Compensation in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report for the relevant assumptions used to determine the valuation of our option awards. 

(1)
As of March 31, 2023 the aggregate number of stock awards held by Messrs. Judkowitz, Kling and Foreman is 12,295 and 1,140, respectively.
The aggregate stock awards held by both Messrs. Foreman and Peloquin is 617. 

(2)
As of March 31, 2023 the aggregate number of Company stock options held by Messrs. Judkowitz, Kling and Foreman is 5,669, 4,335, and
1,667, respectively and Messrs. Peloquin, Turner and Cragun is 1,667, 667 and 667, respectively. 

During
our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our compensation package for our non-employee directors consisted of grants of stock options, cash
payments, stock issuances and reimbursement of costs and expenses associated with attending our board meetings. 

We
compensate our directors as follows: 

An
 initial grant of 667 stock options with an exercise price determined as the closing price on the day of joining the board. The options
 vest in one year and expire in ten years while they are board members or the lesser of five years or remaining life of the stock
 option once they are no longer board members. 

An
 annual cash payment of 7,500 for each completed full year of service or prorated for a partial year. 

An
 annual stock grant of stock equivalent in value to 5,000 for each completed full year of service or prorated for a partial year.
 The stock price at grant will be determined at the closing price on the day of the annual stockholder meeting. 

An
 annual grant of 667 stock options with an exercise price determined as the closing price on the day of the annual stockholder meeting.
 If the annual meeting is held less than 6 months after the board member first joined the board he or she will not receive another
 option grant. 

A
 500 fee for each board meeting and annual meeting attended. Committee meetings and telephone board meetings will be compensated
 with a 250 fee. 

All
 expenses are reimbursed for attending board, committee and annual meetings or when their presence at a location away from home is
 requested. 

2022
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
April 12, 2022, our Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan provides for the issuance
of equity incentive awards, such as stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, restricted stock, stock units, performance
awards and other stock or cash-based awards collectively, the Awards. Awards may be granted under the 2022 Plan to the
Company s employees, officers, directors, consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors. 

The
maximum number of shares of common stock initially available for issuance under the 2022 Plan was 233,334 shares of common stock and
thereafter an annual increase shall be added as of the first day of the Company s fiscal year beginning in 2023, equal to the least
of (i) 5 of the outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the Company s immediately preceding fiscal
year, (ii) 33,334 shares, and (iii) a lesser amount as determined by the Board of Directors. Effective April 1, 2023, there were 33,334
additional shares that were allotted to the 2022 Plan based on the annual plan increase. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report,
the total shares available for issuance under the 2022 Plan are 158,915. 

34 

The
shares of common stock subject to stock awards granted under the 2022 Plan that lapse, terminate, expire prior to exercise, are canceled
or are forfeited, shall again become available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. Shares subject to a stock award under the 2022 Plan
shall not again be made available for issuance or delivery under the 2022 Plan if such shares are (i) shares tendered by a participant
or retained by the Company as full or partial payment to the Company for the exercise or purchase price of an award or (ii) shares used
to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with an award. 

Notwithstanding
any other provision of the 2022 Plan to the contrary, unless the plan administrator determines otherwise with respect to a particular
award, in the event of a change of control, if and to the extent an outstanding award is not converted, assumed, substituted for or replaced
by the successor company, then such award will terminate upon effectiveness of the change of control. Prior to the change of control,
the plan administrator may approve accelerated vesting and/or lapse of forfeiture or repurchase restrictions with respect to all or a
portion of the unvested portions of such awards, any such determinations to be made by the plan administrator in its sole discretion.
A change in control includes: 

certain
 acquisitions of beneficial ownership of more than 50 of our total voting power; 

a
 change in the composition of the board of directors during any two-year period such that the individuals who, as of the beginning
 of such two-year period, constitute the board of directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the board, as
 defined in the 2022 Plan; and 

the
 consummation of a company transaction, as defined in the 2022 Plan. 

The
Board of Directors may amend, suspend or terminate the 2022 Plan or a portion of it at any time; however, to the extent required by applicable
law, regulation or stock exchange rule, stockholder approval shall be required for any amendment to the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan is scheduled
to terminate automatically in ten (10) years following the earlier of (a) the date the Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Plan and (b)
the date the stockholders approved the 2022 Plan. 

401(k)
Plan 

Effective
January 1, 2001, we adopted a voluntary 401(k) plan. All employees with at least one year of service are eligible to participate in our
401(k) plan. We make a matching contribution of 100 of salary deferral contributions up to 3 of pay, plus 50 of salary deferral contributions
from 3 to 5 of pay for each payroll period. The amounts charged to earnings for contributions to this plan and administrative costs
during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 totaled approximately 74,000 and 70,000, respectively. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of July12, 2023, unless otherwise
noted below, for the following: 

Each
 person or entity known to own beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding common stock as of the date indicated in the corresponding
 footnote; 

Each
 of the named executive officers: 

Each
 director; and 

All
 current directors and executive officers as a group. 

Security
ownership is based on 4,220,259 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. In computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially
owned by a person, shares of common stock subject to convertible securities and options currently convertible or exercisable, or convertible
or exercisable within 60 days of July 12, 2023 are counted as outstanding, but these shares are not counted as outstanding for computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. 

35 

As
used herein, the term beneficial ownership with respect to a security is defined by Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as consisting of sole or shared voting power (including the power to vote or direct the vote) and/or sole or shared investment power
(including the power to dispose or direct the disposition of) with respect to the security through any contract, arrangement, understanding,
relationship or otherwise, including a right to acquire such power(s) during the next 60 days. Unless otherwise noted below, and subject
to applicable property laws, to our knowledge each person has sole investment and sole voting power over the shares shown as beneficially
owned by them. Unless otherwise noted, the principal address of each of the directors and officers listed below is c/o The Singing Machine
Company, Inc., 6301 NW 5 th Way, Suite 2900, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Common
 Stock Benefically Owned 
 Percentage
 of Common Stock 
 
 Directors
 and Officers: 

Gary Atkinson (1) 
 31,985 

Lionel Marquis (1) 
 21,334 

Bernardo Melo (1) 
 43,609 
 1.0 
 
 Harvey Judkowitz (1) 
 20,548 

Joseph Kling (1) 
 6,052 

Mathieu Peloquin (1) 
 2,284 

Jay Foreman (1) 
 33,534 

Kenneth Cragun (1) 
 667 

James Turner (1) 
 667 

Milton C. Ault III (2) 
 1,808,000 
 42.8 
 
 Henry C. Nisser 
 - 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group
 (11 persons) 
 1,968,680 
 46.6 

Beneficial
 owners of more than 5 : 

Ault Alliance, Inc. (3) 
 1,808,000 
 42.8 
 
 Stingray Group Inc. (4) 
 544,446 
 12.9 

Represents less than 1 

(1) 
 Includes
 as to the person indicated, the following outstanding stock options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock issued
 under 2022 Plan and other stock option awards, which will be vested and exercisable within 60 days of the record date: 25,001 options
 held by Gary Atkinson, 31,833 options held by Bernardo Melo, 16,500 options held by Lionel Marquis, 5,669 options held by Harvey
 Judkowitz, 4,335 options held by Joseph Kling, 1,667 options held by both Mathieu Peloquin and Jay Foreman, and 667 options held
 by both Kenneth Cragun and James Turner. 

(2) 
 Represents
 shares of common stock owned by Ault Lending. Ault Lending is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ault Alliance. Mr. Ault, the Executive
 Chairman of Ault Alliance, is deemed to have voting and investment power with respect to the securities held of record by Ault Lending. 

(3) 
 Based
 upon the Form 4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2023 by Mr. Ault, which reflects that the shares are
 owned by Ault Lending, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ault Alliance. Mr. Ault, the Executive Chairman of Ault Alliance, is
 deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to the securities held by Ault Lending. The address of Ault Alliance is
 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 240, Las Vegas, NV 89141. 

(4) 
 As
 of March 31, 2023, Eric Boyko indirectly controlled approximately 57.5 of the combined voting power of Stingray s outstanding
 shares. As a result, Eric Boyko may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock and the Stingray Warrants
 held by Stingray. The address of Stingray Group Inc. is 730 Wellington Street, Montr al, Qu bec H3C 1T4. The security
 holder may not exercise the warrants to the extent such exercise would cause the security holder, together with its affiliates, to
 beneficially own a number of shares of common stock which would exceed 4.99 of our then outstanding common stock following such
 exercise, excluding for purposes of such determination shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such securities which have
 not been so exercised. 

Securities
Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
April 12, 2022, our Board of Directors approved the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan provides for the issuance of equity incentive awards, such
as stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, restricted stock, stock units, performance awards and other stock or cash-based
awards collectively, the Awards. Awards may be granted under the 2022 Plan to the Company s employees, officers,
directors, consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors. 

36 

The
maximum number of shares of common stock initially available for issuance under the 2022 Plan is 233,333 shares of common stock and thereafter
an annual increase shall be added as of the first day of the Company s fiscal year beginning in 2023, equal to the least of (i)
5 of the outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the Company s immediately preceding fiscal year, (ii)
333,334 shares, and (iii) a lesser amount as determined by the Board of Directors. The shares of common stock subject to stock awards
granted under the 2022 Plan that lapse, terminate, expire prior to exercise, are canceled or are forfeited, shall again become available
for issuance under the 2022 Plan. Effective April 1, 2023, there were 33,334 additional shares that were allotted to the 2022 Plan based
on the annual plan increase. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the total shares available for issuance under the 2022 Plan
are 158,915. 

The
following table summarizes our equity compensation plan information as of March 31, 2023: 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, 
 warrants
 and rights 
 Weighted
 average exercise price of outstanding option, 
 warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation Plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved
 by security holders 
 107,752 
 6.81 
 125,581 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security
 holders 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 107,752 
 6.81 
 125,581 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

A
transaction may be a related person transaction if any of our directors, executive officers, owners of more than 5 of our common stock,
or their immediate family were involved in a transaction in which the Company was or is to be a participant, and the amount involved
exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the Company s total assets at yearend for the last two completed fiscal
years. The Company engaged in the following related persons transactions since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year
or any currently proposed transaction: 

Due
To/From Related Parties 

During
our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company did business with Stingray who is part of a group of investors who participated in
the Private Placement and have acquired a minority interest in the Company (see Note 10 August 2021 Private Placement). On March
31, 2023, the Company had approximately 0.2 million due from Stingray for music subscription reimbursement. 

Subordinated
Debt and Note Payable 

In
conjunction with the Crestmark Facility and IHC Facility, the parties entered into a subordination agreement on debt due to Starlight
Marketing Development, Ltd. (a former related party) of approximately 803,000. On June 1, 2020 the remaining amount due on the subordinated
debt of approximately 803,000 was converted to a note payable subordinated note payable which bore interest at 6 . As
part of the agreement to convert the subordinated debt to a note payable it was agreed that interest expense would be accrued at the
same 6 interest rate on the unpaid principal retroactively from the date that previously scheduled payments had been missed. During
fiscal 2023, interest expense was approximately 17,000 on the subordinated note payable. 

As
part of the new Credit Agreement with Fifth Third that the Company entered into on October 14, 2022, the subordinated note in the amount
of 352,659, was paid in full on October 26, 2022. 

Trade 

The
Company has a music subscription sharing agreement with Stingray. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company received music
subscription revenue of approximately 0.7 million. This amount was included as a component of net sales in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

We
believe that the terms of all of the above transactions are commercially reasonable and no less favorable to us than we could have obtained
from an unaffiliated third party. Our policy requires that all related parties recuse themselves from negotiating and voting on behalf
of our Company in connection with related party transactions. While we do not maintain a written policy with respect to related party
transactions, our board of directors routinely reviews potential transactions with those parties we have identified as related parties
prior to the consummation of the transaction. Each transaction is reviewed to determine that a related party transaction is entered into
by us with the related party pursuant to normal competitive negotiation. We also generally require that all related parties recuse themselves
from negotiating and voting on behalf of the Company in connection with related party transactions. 

37 

Director
Independence 

Independent 
 
 Audit
 Committee 
 
 Nominating
 and 
 Governance
 Committee 
 
 Compensation 
 Committee 
 
 Director 

Milton
 C. Ault, III 
 
 No 

Gary
 Atkinson 
 
 No 

Bernardo
 Melo 
 
 No 

James
 M. Turner 
 
 No 

Henry
 C.W. Nisser 
 
 Yes 

Kenneth
 S. Cragun 
 
 Yes 

Harvey
 Judkowitz 
 
 Yes 
 
 C 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 Joseph
 Kling 
 
 Yes 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 C 
 
 Mathieu
 Peloquin 
 
 Yes 

Jay
 B. Foreman 
 
 Yes 
 
 X 
 
 C 
 
 X 

C
 Chairman of committee 

 X
 Member of committee 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

EisnerAmper
LLP served as our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. EisnerAmper
LLP s PCAOB firm ID is 274. 

Fees
and Services 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to the Singing Machine by our independent registered public accounting firm for professional
services rendered for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022: 

Fee Category 
 Fiscal
 2023 
 Fiscal
 2022 

Audit Fees 
 291,900 
 188,835 
 
 All Other Fees 
 99,750 
 1,040 

Total Fees 
 391,650 
 189,875 

Audit
Fees - Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of the Singing Machine s consolidated financial
statements, review of the interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports, reviews of registration statements,
and services that were provided by EisnerAmper, LLP, respectively. 

All
Other Fees - Consists of fees for products and services other than the services reported above including component auditor services provided
in connection with the audit of Ault Alliance, our parent company. 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

The
Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered
public accounting firm. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval
is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is
generally subject to a specific budget. The auditors and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding
the extent of services provided by the auditors in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date.
The Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

38 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
The following financial statements for The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries are filed as a part of this report: 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders Equity Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Schedules
are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the information is included in the financial
statements or notes thereto. 

(b)
Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement, dated May 23, 2022, by and between the Singing Machine and Aegis Capital Corp. (incorporated by reference to the Singing
 Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022) 

1.2 
 
 At-The-Market
 Issuance Sales Agreement, dated February 15, 2023, by and between Singing Machine and Aegis Capital Corp. (incorporated by reference
 to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of the Singing Machine filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on February 15, 1994 and amendments through April
 15, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in the Singing Machine s registration statement on Form SB-2 filed with
 the SEC on March 7, 2000). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 29, 2000 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 in the Singing Machine s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 1999 filed with
 the SEC on November 14, 2000). 

3.3 
 
 Corrected
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on March 27, 2001 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.13 in the Singing Machine s registration statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on April 11, 2001). 

3.4 
 
 Corrected
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on April 4, 2001 (incorporated
 by referenced to Exhibit 3.12 in the Singing Machine s registration statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on April 11,
 2001). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction to Corrected Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on
 April 20, 2001 (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 14,
 2022). 

3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on January 27, 2006 (incorporated by
 reference to the Singing Machine s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate
 for Renewal and Revival of Charter filed with Delaware Secretary of State on September 25, 2012 (incorporated by reference to the
 Singing Machine s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022). 

3.8 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference
 to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2022). 

3.9 
 
 Amended
 By-Laws of the Singing Machine (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.14 in the Singing Machine s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB
 for the year ended March 31, 2001 filed with the SEC on June 29, 2001). 

4.1 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
 the SEC on July 14, 2022). 

39 

10.1 
 
 Lease
 for Lakeside Plaza executive offices dated July 31, 2011 by and between The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Lakeside IV, LLC (incorporated
 by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2011). 

10.2 
 
 Lease
 for Ontario, CA warehouse dated January 31, 2013 by and between The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Majestic-CCCIV Partners (incorporated
 by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2013). 

10.3+ 
 
 Executive
 Change of Control Agreement dated January 3, 2014 by and between The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Gary Atkinson, Bernardo Melo,
 and Lionel Marquis ((incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June
 30, 2014). 

10.4 
 
 First
 Amendment to Standard Industrial Lease dated June 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Annual Report
 on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 13, 2020). 

10.5 
 
 Stock
 Redemption Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2021, by and among The Singing Machine Company, Inc., Koncepts International, Ltd. and
 Treasure Green Holdings, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 SEC on August 12, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
 the SEC on August 12, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
 the SEC on August 12, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Form
 of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021). 

10.9+ 
 
 The
 Singing Machine 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on April 18, 2022) 

10.10+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Gary Atkinson (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2022). 

10.11+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Lionel Marquis (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2022). 

10.12+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Bernardo Melo (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2022). 

10.13 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement to be entered into with the Registrant and each of its officers and directors (incorporated by reference
 to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022). 

10.14 
 
 Credit
 and Security Agreement by and among The Singing Machine Company, Inc., SMC Logistics, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank, dated October 14,
 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 20, 2022). 

10.15+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Lionel Marquis (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2023). 

10.16 
 
 Waiver
 and First Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement by and among The Singing Machine Company, Inc., SMC Logistics, Inc. and Fifth
 Third Bank, dated May 19, 2023 (incorporated by reference to the Singing Machine s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 SEC on May 25, 2023). 

21 
 
 List
 of subsidiaries of The Singing Machine Company Inc. (incorporated by reference to The Singing Machine s Registration Statement
 on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 13, 2022) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of EisnerAmper LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Gary Atkinson, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Lionel Marquis, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certifying
 Statement of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

32.2 
 
 Certifying
 Statement of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

 +
Compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

40 

SIGNATURES

In
accordance with the requirements of Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, The Singing Machine Company, Inc. has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC. 

Date:
 July 14, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Gary Atkinson 

Gary
 Atkinson 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 July 14, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Lionel Marquis 

Lionel
 Marquis 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 CAPACITY 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 MILTON C. AULT III 
 
 Executive
 Board Chairman 
 
 July
 14, 2023 
 
 MILTON
 C. AULT III 

/s/
 GARY ATKINSON 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 July
 14, 2023 
 
 Gary
 Atkinson 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 LIONEL MARQUIS 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

July
 14, 2023 
 
 Lionel
 Marquis 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 BERNARDO MELO 
 
 Chief
 Revenue Officer and Director 

July
 14, 2023 
 
 Bernardo
 Melo 
 
 (Principal
 Revenue Officer) 

/s/
 Mathieu Peloquin 
 
 Director

July
 14, 2023 

/s/
 HARVEY JUDKOWITZ 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 14, 2023 
 
 Harvey
 Judkowitz 

/s/
 Joseph KLING 
 
 Director

July
 14, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 Kling 

/s/
 Jay FOREMAN 
 
 Director

July
 14, 2023 
 
 Jay
 Foreman 

/s/
 KENNETH CRAGUN 
 
 Director

July
 14, 2023 
 
 Kenneth
 Cragun 

/s/
 JAMES TURNER 
 
 Director

July
 14, 2023 
 
 James
 Turner 

/s/
 HENRY C. NISSER 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 14, 2023 
 
 Henry
 C. Nisser 

41 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 F-7 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 The
Singing Machine Company, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, and shareholders equity for
each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of March 31,
2023 and 2022, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Variable
Consideration 

As
described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company provides for variable consideration estimated at the expected
value or at the most likely amount depending on the type of consideration. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to
the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated
with the variable consideration is resolved. Variable consideration primarily includes reserves for sales returns and accruals for promotional
incentives. The Company estimates variable consideration under its return programs for goods returned from the customer for various reasons,
whereby a sales return reserve is recorded based on historic return amounts, specific events as identified and management estimates.
The Company selectively participates in retailer s promotional incentives to maximize sales of the Company s products on
the retail floor or to assist in developing consumer awareness of new product launches, by providing marketing allowances to their customers.
The Company s reserve for sales returns were approximately 0.9 million as of March 31, 2023. The Company s accrual for promotional
incentives was approximately 1.1 million as of March 31, 2023. 

We
identified management s estimates for variable consideration as a critical audit matter due to the fact that there was significant
judgment required by management with respect to measurement uncertainty, as the calculation of these reserves and allowances includes
assumptions such as product sell through at retailers, as well historical product sales used to predict future sales in evaluating the
net realizable value of inventory returns. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in applying
the procedures related to those assumptions. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s estimates for variable consideration.
Our procedures also included, among others,(1) recalculating the sales return reserve based on our review of returns received subsequent
to year end and the net realizable value of the returned goods based on historical margins and product sales projections; (2) recalculating
the Company s promotional incentive accrual based on specific customer arrangements and programs along with supporting documentation
from those customers; (3) performing a sensitivity analysis of the Company s variable consideration by recalculating using our
independent assumptions; (4)evaluating the Company s ability to accurately estimate the sales return reserve by comparing historically
recorded reserves to the actual amount that was ultimately claimed by the retailers; and (5) analyzing year over year trends in the reserve
and allowance in comparison with revenue trends to further evaluate reasonableness of the estimate and consistency with expectations. 

Inventory
Valuation 

As
described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net
realizable value. The Company maintains its inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value based primarily on the age of the
inventory, estimated required sell-through time and whether items are selling below cost. In determining appropriate inventory reserve
percentages, the Company evaluates a number of factors including its historical write off experience, the specific products affected,
its historic recovery percentages on various methods of liquidations, as well as forecasts of future sales. Inventories, net, and the
inventory reserve at March 31, 2023, totaled 9.6 million and 0.9 million, respectively. 

We
identified the valuation of inventory as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments necessary to identify and record the
inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value timely. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgement, subjectivity and
effort in, performing audit procedures to evaluate management s estimates of the net realizable value for the inventory on-hand
as of the reporting date. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s inventory valuation.
Our procedures related to management s estimates of the net realizable value of the inventory on-hand as of the reporting date
included the following, among others, (1) evaluating of the appropriateness and consistency of management s methodology and assumptions
used in determining the inventory reserve; (2) obtaining the Company s inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value calculation
and testing the mathematical accuracy; (3) testing the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in the calculation of the
Company s net realizable value; and (4) selecting a sample of inventory items, evaluating historical sales performance relative
to management s conclusions on the ability to sell through the inventory on-hand at the forecasted levels as well as testing sales
subsequent to year-end to evaluate the Company s ability to accurately estimate the inventory reserve relative to the net realizable
value. 

/s/
 EisnerAmper LLP 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

July
 14, 2023 

F- 3 

The
Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net
 of allowances of and , respectively 

Due from Crestmark Bank 
 - 

Accounts receivable related
 party - Stingray Group, Inc. 

Accounts receivable related
 party - Ault Alliance, Inc. 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Deferred
 financing costs 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred financing costs, net of current
 portion 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax assets 
 - 

Operating Leases - right of use assets 

Other non-current
 assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders 
 Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related party -
 Starlight Consumer Electronics Co., Ltd. 
 - 

Due to related party -
 Starlight R D, Ltd. 
 - 

Revolving lines of credit 
 - 

Refunds due to customers 

Reserve for sales returns 

Current portion of finance
 leases 

Current portion of installment
 notes 

Current portion of operating
 lease liabilities 

Subordinated note payable - Starlight Marketing Development, Ltd. 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Finance leases, net of current portion 

Installment notes, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities,
 net of current portion 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders Equity 

Preferred stock, 
 par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock par
 value; shares authorized; shares issued, shares outstanding and shares issued and outstanding,
 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscriptions receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Shareholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

See
notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

The
Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

For
 the Twelve Months Ended 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

Net Sales 

Cost
 of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative
 expenses 

Depreciation 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

(Loss) Income from Operations 

Other Income (Expense),
 net 

Gain from Paycheck Protection
 Plan loan forgiveness 
 - 

Gain - related party 
 - 

Gain from Employee Retension
 Credit Program refund 
 
 - 
 
 Gain from settlement of
 accounts payable 

Loss from extinguishment
 of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Finance
 costs 

Total
 Other Income (Expense), net 

(Loss) Income Before Income
 Tax (Provision) 

Income
 Tax (Provision) 

Net
 (Loss) Income 

Net (Loss) Income per Common
 Share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Common
 and Common Equivalent Shares: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

The
Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

For
 the Twelve Months Ended 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

Cash flows from operating
 activities 

Net (Loss)
 Income 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of deferred
 financing costs 

Change in inventory reserve 

Change in allowance for
 bad debts 

Loss from disposal of property
 and equipment 

Stock based compensation 

Change in net deferred
 tax assets 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 - 
 
 Paycheck Protection Plan
 loan forgiveness 
 - 

Gain - related party 
 - 

Gain from extinguishment
 of accounts payable 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Due from banks 

Accounts receivable - related
 parties 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Other non-current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Customer deposits 
 - 

Refunds due to customers 

Reserve for sales returns 

Operating
 lease liabilities, net of operating leases - right of use assets 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities 

Proceeds from Issuance
 of stock - net of transaction expenses 

Proceeds from Issuance
 of stock - at the market offering 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of redemption and
 retirement of treasury stock 
 - 

Net (payment) proceeds
 from revolving lines of credit 

Payment of deferred financing
 charges 

Payment of early termination
 fees on revolving lines of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on installment
 notes 

Proceeds from exercise
 of stock options 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise
 of pre-funded warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise
 of common warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Payment on subordinated
 note payable 

Payments
 on finance leases 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash
 at beginning of year 

Cash
 at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures
 of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for income taxes - SMC (Comercial Offshore de Macau) Limitada 
 
 - 
 
 Equipment
 purchased under capital lease 

Issuance
 of common stock and warrants for stock issuance expenses 

Operating
 leases - right of use assets and lease liabilities at inception of lease 

See
notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

The
Singing Machine Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the twelve months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid in 
 Subscriptions 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at March
 31, 2021 

- 

Net Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of stock 

- 
 - 

Issuance of pre-funded warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Payment of stock issuance expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of stock for stock issuance expenses 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Redemption and retirement of treasury shares 

- 

Issuance of common stock - directors 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock - non-employee 

- 
 - 

Employee compensation-stock option 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 

- 
 - 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

- 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (Loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock 

- 
 - 

Payment of stock issuance expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock - at the market offering 

- 

Exercise of pre-funded warrants 

- 
 - 

Exercise of common stock warrants 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock - directors 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock - officers 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock - non-employee 

- 
 - 

Employee compensation-stock option 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Rounding of common stock
 issued due to reverse split 

- 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at March 31, 2023 

Balance 

See
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

million in shares of
its common stock. Any shares offered and sold in the Offering were issued pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form
S-3 (File No. 333-269183) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on January 11, 2023 (the Registration
Statement and declared effective by the SEC on January 20, 2023, and the prospectus supplement relating to the Offering filed
with the SEC on February 15, 2023. 

Under
the terms of the Sales Agreement, the Agent was entitled to a commission at a rate of of the gross proceeds from each sale of shares
under the Sales Agreement. The Company also reimbursed the Agent for certain expenses incurred in connection with the Sales Agreement
and has agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to the Agent with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

On
February 15, 2023, the Company launched an At-The-Market ATM offering pursuant to the Sales Agreement. During the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023, the Company received total net proceeds from the ATM of approximately on sales of shares of
common stock at an average price of per share. Subsequent to March 31, 2023, the Company received total net proceeds from the ATM
of approximately million on sales of shares of common stock at an average price of per share. The offering closed
on May 12, 2023. 

million and used cash in operating activities of approximately million for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. On October 14, 2022 the Company entered into the Credit Facility with Fifth Third Bank, as Lender replacing
the existing credit facilities with Crestmark Bank Crestmark and Iron Horse Credit IHC that were terminated
by the Company on October 13, 2022. The Credit Facility provides for a three-year secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal
amount of up to decreased to during the period of January 1 through July 31 of each year. The Credit Facility
matures on October 14, 2025. 

As
of March 31, 2023 the Company was in default under the Credit Facility due to non-compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant
of 1:05 : 1.0. On May 19, 2023 the Company executed a Waiver and First Amendment agreement which provides for a waiver of previous defaults
and new covenants that are required. The Company must comply monthly with minimum liquidity (defined as excess loan availability plus
cash on hand) of million between February and July and million between September and June. The Company must also maintain pre-defined
minimum operating cash flows between February and August, 2023 until the Company achieves a fixed charge ratio of 1.15 : 1.0 beginning
in September 2023 and throughout the remaining term of the agreement. As of this filing, the Company is in compliance with the amended
covenants. 

On
February 15, 2023 the Company launched an At-The-Market ATM offering pursuant to the Sales Agreement with Aegis Captial
Corp. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company received total net proceeds from the ATM of approximately on sales
of shares of common stock at an average price of per share. After March 31, 2023, the Company received total net proceeds
from the ATM of approximately million on sales of shares of common stock at an average price of per share. The offering
closed on May 12, 2023. 

The
Company believes that our cash on hand, proceeds received from the ATM subsequent to March 31, 2023, working capital (net of cash), cash
expected to be generated from our operating forecast, along with the availability of cash from our credit facilities (See Note 6 
BANK FINANCING) will be adequate to meet the Company s liquidity requirements for at least twelve months from the filing of this
report. As of the date of this filing, the Company has cash on hand of million and availability under the Credit Facility of approximately
 million. While the Company is optimistic that it will be successful in these efforts to achieve our plan, there can be no assurances
that we will be successful in doing so. As such, the Company has a continued support letter from its parent company, Ault Alliance, through
July 14, 2024. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

reserves for customers in bankruptcy and other allowances based upon historical
collection experience. The Company is subject to chargebacks from customers for co-op program incentives, defective returns, return freight
and handling charges that are deducted from open invoices and reduce collectability of open invoices. Should business conditions deteriorate
or any major customer default on its obligations to the Company, this allowance may need to be significantly increased, which would have
a negative impact on operations. 

million and million, respectively. The Company regularly monitors the financial stability
of this financial institution and believes that it is not exposed to any significant credit risk in cash and cash equivalents. However,
in March and April 2023, certain U.S. government banking regulators took steps to intervene in the operations of certain financial institutions
due to liquidity concerns, which caused general heightened uncertainties in financial markets. While these events have not had a material
direct impact on the Company s operations, if further liquidity and financial stability concerns arise with respect to banks and
financial institutions, either nationally or in specific regions, the Company s ability to access cash or enter into new financing
arrangements may be threatened, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Financial
instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist of accounts receivable. 

million. The Company reduces inventory on hand to its net realizable value on an item-by-item
basis when it is apparent that the expected realizable value of an inventory item falls below its original cost. A charge to cost of
sales results when the estimated net realizable value of specific inventory items declines below cost. Management regularly reviews the
Company s investment in inventories for such declines in value. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022 the Company had inventory reserves
of approximately and million and million, respectively for estimated excess and obsolete inventory. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

million during fiscal 2023 and million
during fiscal 2022. 

The
Company s contracts with customers consist of one performance obligation (the sale of the Company s products). The Company s
contracts have no financing elements, payment terms are less than 120 days and have no further contract asset or liability obligations
once control of goods is transferred to the customer. Revenue is recorded in the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive
for the sale of these goods. 

Costs
incurred in fulfilling contracts with customers include administrative costs associated with the procurement of goods are included in
general and administrative expenses, in-bound freight costs are included in the cost of goods sold and accrued sales representative commissions
are included in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as our underlying customer agreements are
less than one year. 

While
the Company has no overstock return privileges in its vendor agreements with its customers, the Company does provide for variable consideration
contingent upon the occurrence of uncertain future events. Variable consideration is estimated at the expected value or at the most likely
amount depending on the type of consideration. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that
a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration
is resolved. The Company estimates variable consideration under our return allowance programs for goods returned from the customer for
various reasons, whereby a sales return reserve is recorded based on historic return amounts, specific events as identified and management
estimates. 

The
Company s reserve for sales returns were approximately million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
Company disaggregates revenues by product line and major geographic region as most of its revenue is generated by the sales of karaoke
hardware and the Company has no other material business segments (See NOTE 14 SEGMENT INFORMATION). 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

Microphones and Accessories 

SMC Kids Toys 

Licensed Products 

Music Subscriptions 

Total
 Net Sales 

million and million, respectively. These expenses are classified as a component of selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

and ,
respectively. 

The
fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the assumptions
outlined below. The expected volatility is based upon historical volatility of our stock and other contributing factors. The expected
term is based upon observation of actual time elapsed between date of grant and exercise of options for all employees. 

For
 the year ended March 31, 2023: expected dividend yield of , risk-free interest rate between and , respectively, with
 volatility between and , respectively with an expected term of . 

For
 the year ended March 31, 2022: expected dividend yield of , risk-free interest rate between and , respectively, with
 volatility between and , respectively with an expected term of . 

The
Company s directors were issued shares of stock as compensation for their service. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
the stock compensation expense to directors was and , respectively. 

million. 

million
in payroll tax refunds (net of approximately million in processing fees) from the ECR program in Fiscal 2023 that were recorded
as other income in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As these were considered tax refunds and not credits, the Company
recorded an income tax payable of approximately due to amendments to the 2020 and 2021 returns to account for refunds of payroll
taxes received in Fiscal 2023 from the ERC program for those periods. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

The
Company recognizes a liability for uncertain tax positions. An uncertain tax position is defined as a position in a previously filed
tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is not based on clear and unambiguous tax law and which is
reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for interim or annual periods. The Company may recognize
the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination
by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company measures the tax benefits recognized based on the
largest benefit that has a likelihood of 

 being
realized upon ultimate resolution. 

As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022 there were no uncertain tax positions that resulted in any adjustment to the Company s provision for
income taxes. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. The
Company currently has no liabilities recorded for accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax provisions. 

Effect of dilutive stock
 options 
 - 

Diluted weighted average
 of common shares outstanding 

Basic
net income per share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income
(loss) per share reflects the potential dilution assuming shares of common stock were issued upon the exercise of outstanding in-the-money
options and the proceeds thereof were used to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at the average market price during
the period using the treasury stock method. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, options to purchase shares of common stock
and common stock warrants were excluded in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share as the result would have been
anti-dilutive. 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock were included in basic weighted
average shares outstanding as deemed outstanding. Options to purchase shares of common stock were included in the calculation
of diluted net income per share. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, options and warrants to purchase approximately 
shares of common stock were excluded in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share as the result would have been
anti-dilutive. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

Inventory in Transit 

Estimated Amount of
 Future Returns 

Subtotal 

Less:
 Inventory Reserve 

Total Inventories 

- years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

Warehouse equipment 
 years 

Molds and tooling 
 - years 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation
expense for both fiscal years ended 2023 and 2022 was approximately million. 

decreased to during the period of January
1 through July 31 of each year. The Credit Agreement matures on . Costs associated with closing of the Credit Agreement
of approximately were deferred and are being amortized over a three-year period. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022, the Company incurred amortization expense of approximately and , respectively associated with the amortization of
deferred financing costs from the Credit Agreement. 

The
revolving credit facility bears interest of (a) the Prime Rate plus or (b) the 30-day Term SOFR rate plus (subject in each
case to a floor of ), depending on the type of loan requested by the Company. Term SOFR means the forward-looking
SOFR rate administered by CME Group, Inc. (or other administrator selected by Fifth Third) and published on the applicable Bloomberg
LP screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be selected by Fifth Third), fixed by the
administrator thereof two business days prior to the commencement of the applicable Interest Period (provided, however, that if Term
SOFR is not published for such Business Day, then Term SOFR shall be determined by reference to the immediately preceding Business Day
on which such rate is published), rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/8th of 1 and adjusted for reserves if Fifth Third is
required to maintain reserves with respect to the relevant Loans, all as determined by Lender in accordance with the Credit Agreement
and Fifth Third s loan systems and procedures periodically in effect. An Unused Line Fee of per annum of the excess of the
Revolving Credit Facility over the average monthly balance of outstanding revolving loans, payable monthly. The obligations under the
Credit Agreement are secured by all of the assets of the Company and SMC, presently owned or later acquired, and all cash and non-cash
proceeds thereof (including, without limitation, insurance proceeds). During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
incurred interest expense of approximately and , respectfully. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

Under
the Credit Agreement: 

Accounts
 Receivable advance rate up to an 85 against eligible Accounts Receivable assuming dilution is under 5 of sales, plus 

Inventory
 advance of up to 85 of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of eligible inventory as determined by an appraiser satisfactory to Fifth
 Third, with a sublimit to be determined based on Fifth Third s continuing due diligence. The inventory advance rate will increase
 to 95 of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of eligible inventory from April through June (or another 3-month time frame to be determined
 based on Fifth Third s continuing due diligence) each year to support seasonal working capital needs. 

The
 Company must maintain a Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage of 1.05 to 1. 

Covenants
 may also include reasonable limitations on dividends, distributions, and management fees. 

The
 first Fixed Charge Coverage test will be the period from close to September 30, 2022, building to a trailing twelve months. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company was in default under the Credit Facility due to non-compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant
of 1:05 : 1.0. On May 19, 2023 the Company executed a Waiver and First Amendment agreement which provides for a waiver of previous defaults
and new covenants that are required. The Company must comply monthly with minimum liquidity (defined as excess loan availability plus
cash on hand) of million between February and July and million between September and June. The Company must also maintain pre-defined
minimum operating cash flows between February and August, 2023 until the Company achieves a fixed charge ratio of 1.15 : 1.0 beginning
in September 2023 and throughout the remaining term of the agreement. 

As
of this filing the Company was in compliance with the amended covenants and there was approximately million borrowed against the
Credit Agreement with an additional availability of million. 

Intercreditor
Revolving Credit Facility Crestmark Bank and Iron Horse Credit: 

On
June 16, 2020, the Company entered into a two-year Credit and Security Agreement for a million financing facility, with IHC on eligible
accounts receivable and inventory. Also, on June 16, 2020, the Company entered into a two-year Loan and Security Agreement for a 
million financing facility with Crestmark on eligible accounts receivable. On October 14, 2022, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement
with Fifth Third, as Lender replacing the Company s credit facilities with Crestmark and IHC that were terminated by the Company
on October 13, 2022. 

For
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 the Company incurred approximately and respectively in amortization costs
for deferred financing charges associated with the closing of the Credit and Security agreements with Crestmark and IHC. The Company
also incurred interest expense of approximately million and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
total cost to exit the Intercreditor Revolving Credit Facility with Crestmark and IHC was approximately million and was recorded
as a loss from extinguishment of debt as a component of Other (Expenses) Income, net in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. 

Note
Payable Payroll Protection Plan 

On
May 5, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds from Crestmark in the amount of approximately under the Paycheck Protection
Program (the PPP ). The PPP was established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, which provided
for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The
loans and accrued interest may be forgivable to the extent the Company uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll,
benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness may be reduced if the borrower terminates
employees or reduces salaries during the eligible period. The unforgiven portion of the PPP loan was payable over two years at an interest
rate of 1 , with a deferral of payments until a forgiveness application was accepted and reviewed by the Small Business Administration SBA ), and the SBA provided Crestmark with the loan forgiveness amount. In June 2021 the Company received notification
from the SBA that the loan had been forgiven in its entirety and we were notified by Crestmark that the debt was discharged. For fiscal
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, a gain of approximately and (including principal and interest), respectively from the
forgiveness of the loan was included in other income and expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Installment
Notes Payable 

On
June 18, 2019, the Company entered into a financing arrangement with Dimension Funding, LLC Dimension to finance an ERP
System project over a term of months at a cost of approximately . As of March 31, 2023, the Company had executed three installment
notes totaling approximately 0.4 million for payments issued to the project vendor. The installment notes have 60-month terms with interest
rates of , and , respectively. The installment notes are payable in monthly installments of which include principal
and interest. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, there was an outstanding balance on the installment notes of approximately
 million and million, respectively. For the fiscal years March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred interest expense of approximately
 and , respectively. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

Subordinated
Debt/Note Payable 

In
conjunction with the Crestmark Facility and IHC Facility, the parties entered into a subordination agreement on related party debt due
to Starlight Marketing Development, Ltd. (former related party) of approximately . On June 1, 2020, the remaining amount due
on the subordinated debt of approximately was converted to a note payable subordinated note payable which bears
interest at . As part of the agreement to convert the subordinated debt to a note payable it was agreed that interest expense would
be accrued at the same interest rate on the unpaid principal retroactively from the date that previously scheduled payments had been
missed. During both fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, interest expense was approximately on the subordinated note payable
and the related party subordinated debt. 

As
of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the remaining amount due on the note payable was approximately and , respectively. The
remaining amount due on the subordinated note payable was classified as a current liability as of March 31, 2022 on the consolidated
balance sheets. As part of the new Credit Agreement with Fifth Third that the Company entered into on October 14, 2022, the subordinated
note was subsequently paid in full on October 26, 2022. 

square feet of office space. The lease expires on . The base rent payment is approximately
 per month, subject to annual adjustments. 

We
entered into an operating lease agreement, effective June 1, 2013, for square feet of warehouse space in Ontario, California for
our logistics operations. On June 15, 2020, per month for the remaining
term of the lease. 

We
entered into an operating lease agreement, effective October 15, 2022, for our administrative office located in Hong Kong where we lease
approximately square feet of office space. The lease expires on . The base rent payment is approximately 
per month for the entire term of the lease. 

Lease
expense for our operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. 

Finance
Leases 

In
February 2023, we entered into a financing leasing arrangement with Wells Fargo Equipment Finance to finance the leasing of two used
forklifts in the amount of approximately . The lease requires monthly payments in the amount of approximately per month
over a total lease term of months which commenced on February 1, 2023. The agreement has an effective interest rate of and the
Company has the option to purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term for one dollar. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022,
the remaining amounts due on this financing leasing arrangement was approximately and , respectively. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

On
July 1, 2021, we entered into a long-term capital leasing arrangement with Union Credit Corporation to finance the leasing of a used
forklift in the amount of approximately . The lease require monthly payments in the amount of approximately per month over
a total lease term of months which commenced on July 1, 2021. The agreement has an effective interest rate of and the Company
has the option to purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term for one dollar. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the remaining
amounts due on this capital leasing arrangement was approximately and , respectively. 

For
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred interest expense of and , respectively, on these finance
leases. 

Finance leases as a component of property and
 equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of 

Liabilities 

Current 

Current portion of operating
 leases 

Current portion of finance
 leases 

Noncurrent 

Operating lease liabilities,
 net of current portion 

Finance leases, net of
 current portion 

Finance lease cost 

Depreciation of leased
 assets as a component of depreciation 

Interest on finance lease
 liabilities as a component of interest expense 

Financing cash flow paid
 for finance leases 

Lease term and Discount
 Rate 

Weighted average remaining
 lease term (months) 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 
 - 

2027 and beyond 
 - 

Total Minimum Future Payments 

Less: Imputed Interest 

Present Value of Lease
 Liabilities 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

Notwithstanding
any other provision of the 2022 Plan to the contrary, unless the plan administrator determines otherwise with respect to a particular
award, in the event of a change of control, if and to the extent an outstanding award is not converted, assumed, substituted for or replaced
by the successor company, then such award will terminate upon effectiveness of the change of control. Prior to the change of control,
the plan administrator may approve accelerated vesting and/or lapse of forfeiture or repurchase restrictions with respect to all or a
portion of the unvested portions of such awards, any such determinations to be made by the plan administrator in its sole discretion.
A change in control includes: 

certain
 acquisitions of beneficial ownership of more than 50 of our total voting power; 

a
 change in the composition of the board of directors during any two-year period such that the individuals who, as of the beginning
 of such two-year period, constitute the board of directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the board, as
 defined in the 2022 Plan; and 

the
 consummation of a company transaction, as defined in the 2022 Plan. 

The
Board of Directors may amend, suspend or terminate the 2022 Plan or a portion of it at any time; however, to the extent required by applicable
law, regulation or stock exchange rule, stockholder approval shall be required for any amendment to the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan is scheduled
to terminate automatically in ten (10) years following the earlier of (a) the date the Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Plan and (b)
the date the stockholders approved the 2022 Plan. 

COMMON
STOCK OPTIONS 

During
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 the Company issued the following stock options: 

Fiscal
2023: 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued , and stock options, respectively, under the 2022 Plan at an
exercise price of , and per share, respectively, to directors as compensation for their service. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 the Company issued and stock options, respectively, from the 2022 Plan at an exercise
price of per share and per share to the Company s officers as incentive compensation for the successful up-listing
of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market and compensation related to their Fiscal 2022 annual incentive plan. 

On
June 28, 2022 and August 16, 2022, the Company issued and stock options, respectively, from the 2022 Plan to all employees
(excluding Company officers) who had one year or more of service to the Company under an Employee Incentive Plan at an exercise price
of and per share, respectively. 

Fiscal
2022: 

On
August 23, 2021, the Company issued Board approved stock options to two members of our Board of Directors at an exercise price
of per share pursuant to our annual director compensation plan for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

On
December 1, 2021, the Company issued Board approved stock options to a new member of our Board of Directors at an exercise price
of per share pursuant to our annual director compensation plan for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

On
December 22, 2021 the Company issued Board approved stock options to our Chief Revenue Officer at an exercise price of per
share pursuant to his compensation plan for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

The
fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the assumptions
outlined below. The expected volatility is based upon historical volatility of our stock and other contributing factors. The expected
term is based upon observation of actual time elapsed between date of grant and exercise of options for all employees. The following
inputs were used to value each option grant: 

For
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023: expected dividend yield of , risk-free interest rate between and , respectively
 with volatility between and respectively with an expected term of . 

For
 the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022: expected dividend yield of , risk-free interest rate between and , respectively
 with volatility between and respectively with an expected term of . 

Granted 

- 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited 

- 

Balance
 at end of year 

Options
 exercisable at end of year 

.
 - 

- 

- 

options issued to six current and three former directors as compensation, 
options issued to Company officers as compensation and options issued to employees as part of an Employee Stock Incentive Plan. 

As
of March 31, 2023, there was unrecognized expense of approximately remaining on options currently vesting over time with approximately
25 months remaining until these options are fully vested. 

The
vested options as of March 31, 2023 had intrinsic value. As of March 31, 2023, there were shares under the 2022 Plan available
to be issued. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

WARRANTS 

Warrants issued 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrants exercised 

Warrants outstanding
 at March 31, 2023 

- 
 N/A 

Warrants exercisable
 at March 31, 2023 

- 
 N/A 

Effective
with the opening of trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market on May 24, 2022, the exercise price of certain warrants issued by the Company
pursuant to the terms of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 5, 2021, was adjusted so that the exercise price is
 . The warrants are not subject to further adjustment except for customary adjustments for stock dividends and splits, subsequent
rights offerings, pro-rata distributions and fundamental transactions, as set forth in the warrants. 

COMMON
STOCK ISSUANCES 

During
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 the Company issued the following common stock shares: 

Fiscal
2023: 

On
June 28, 2022 the Company issued shares of its common stock to four members of our Board of Directors at per share, pursuant
to our annual director compensation plan for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. 

On
August 19, 2022 the Company issued shares of its common stock to investor relations firms at per share pursuant to a vendor
agreement for investor relation services performed. 

On
August 19, 2022 the Company issued shares of its common stock to the Company s officers at per share to pursuant an
incentive bonus compensation agreement relating to the Company s Fiscal 2022 performance. 

Fiscal
2022: 

On
May 17, 2021 the Company issued shares of its common stock to a former member of the Board of Directors who exercised stock options
at an average exercise price of per share. 

On
August 20, 2021 the Company issued shares of its common stock to our Board of Directors at per share, pursuant to our annual
director compensation plan for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022. 

On
December 31, 2021 the Company issued shares of its common stock to a member of the Board of Directors who exercised stock options
at an average exercise price of per share. 

shares of common stock of the Company. The closing of the transaction set forth in the Redemption Agreement took place on August
10, 2021, at which time the Redeemed Shares were assigned and transferred back to the Company in consideration of a payment by the Company
of approximately million to koncepts and Treasure Green. The Redeemed Shares were retired and returned to the unissued authorized
capital of the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Redemption Agreement, neither koncepts nor Treasure Green remained stockholders of the Company. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

shares of its common stock (the Shares together
with Common Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share, and (ii) pre-funded
warrants Pre-Funded Warrants with each Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price
of per share, together with Common Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per
share (the Private Placement ). 

The
Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants are collectively referred to as (the Warrants ). The Warrants are exercisable at
any time at the option of the holder, have a term of 5 years from the issuance date and provide for cashless exercise under certain conditions.
The Company determined that the Warrants meet the conditions for equity classification. Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
are hereinafter referred to as the Warrant Shares . The exercise price and number of the Warrant Shares are subject to anti-dilution
and other adjustments for certain stock dividends, stock splits, subsequent rights offerings, pro rata distributions or certain equity
structure changes. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, on September 3, 2021, the Company filed a registration statement providing for the resale by
the purchasers of the Shares and Warrant Shares sold in the Private Placement, which registration statement became effective on September
15, 2021. Additionally, under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company was obligated to use its reasonable best efforts to submit
an application to have the Company s common stock listed on a national exchange by December 31, 2021, and to use its reasonable
best efforts to have the Shares and Warrant Shares listed on such national exchange as soon as practicable following the submission of
such application. As indicated, the Common Stock was approved to list on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MICS 
and began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on May 24, 2022. 

The
closing of the Private Placement took place on August 10, 2021, when the Shares and Warrants were delivered to the purchasers and funds,
in the amount of approximately million, were received by the Company. Approximately million of the funds was used to execute
the Redemption Agreement (See Note 9 August 2021 Stock Redemption). 

Stingray
Group Inc. Stingray or the strategic investor ), a leading music, media and technology is part of the group
of investors who participated in the Private Placement and have acquired a minority interest in the Company. Stingray is a long-standing
business partner with the 

Company
that provides our customers with music content from their extensive library of expertly produced and licensed karaoke content and is
now a related party (see Note 15- Related Party Transactions). 

In
connection with the Private Placement, on July 6, 2021, the Company entered into a Placement Agency Agreement with A.G.P./Alliance Global
Partners AGP ), which provided for AGP to serve as the exclusive placement agent, advisor or underwriter (the placement
agent services ). Pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, upon closing of the Private Placement, the Company paid AGP placement
fees of million and issued AGP warrants to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock (the Advisor Warrants (representing of the aggregate number of Shares and Pre-Funded
Warrants sold in the Private Placement, excluding the Shares sold to the strategic investor). The Advisor Warrants have the same exercise
price and terms as the Common Warrants issued in the Private Placement. The Company estimated the fair value of the Advisor
Warrants to be approximately million using the Black-Scholes Model based on the following input assumptions: common stock price
of , expected life of the warrants of years; stock price volatility of ; dividend yield of ; and the risk-free interest
rate of . 

In
addition to the placement fees paid to AGP, the Company incurred additional offering costs for direct incremental legal, consulting,
accounting and filing fees related to the Private Placement of approximately million, of which one consultant was issued 
shares of restricted common stock with an aggregate fair value of approximately million and a cash payment of million. Total
offering costs related to the Private Placement amounted approximately million of which was payment of stock issuance expenses,
which is recorded as an offset to additional paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated statements of shareholders equity. 

shares of common stock, par value
 per share for gross proceeds of million prior to deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering
expenses of approximately million. The price to the public in the offering was per Share, before underwriting discounts and
commissions. The offering closed on May 26, 2022. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million which was used for
working capital. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to the Underwriter warrants to purchase up to shares
of Common Stock representing of the Shares sold in this offering, excluding any Shares sold through the over-allotment option.
The warrants are exercisable six months from the commencement of sales under the offering, have an exercise price of per share
and expire from the date of issuance. The Company estimated the fair value of these warrants to be approximately 
using the Black-Scholes Model based on the following input assumptions: common stock price of , expected life of the warrants of
 years; stock price volatility of ; dividend yield of ; and the risk-free interest rate of . 

On
May 24, 2022, the Company s common stock was approved to list on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MICS 
and began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on May 24, 2022. 

million in shares of its common stock. Shares offered and sold in the ATM Offering were issued
pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-269183) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on January 11, 2023 and declared effective by the SEC on January 20, 2023, and the prospectus supplement relating to the ATM Offering
filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we received total net proceeds from the ATM Offering
of approximately on sales of shares of common stock at an average price of per share. Through May 12, 2023, we received
total net proceeds from the ATM Offering of approximately million on sales of shares of common stock at an average price
of per share. The Sales Agreement has been terminated. 

and
 , respectively. 

The U.S. Federal net operating loss carryforward is subject to an IRS Section 382 limitation. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had net deferred assets of 0.0 million and million, respectively. For the fiscal ended March 31, 2023 we determined our effective
tax rate to be approximately and we recorded a tax provision of approximately million which included a full valuation allowance
of approximately million for deferred tax assets that will more likely than not, expire prior to being realized. 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company determined its effective tax rate to be approximately and the Company recorded
a tax provision of approximately million, which was net of a valuation reserve of approximately for deferred tax assets
that will most likely expire prior to being realized. The Company also recorded an income tax receivable of approximately due
to the availability of net operating loss carrybacks and alternative minimum tax credits that were realized for the year ended March
31, 2022. The income tax receivable was included as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet as of March 31, 2022. 

State 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other 

Macau 
 
 - 

Total current Federal
 and State tax 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total Deferred Federal
 and State 

Total income tax provision 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

Foreign 

Total 

State income taxes, net of Federal income tax
 provision 

Permanent differences 

Permanent difference in ERC income 
 
 - 
 
 Tax rate differential on foreign earnings 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Tax provision 

State NOL Carryforward 

Inventory differences to Inventory valuation 

Stock option compensation expense 

Right of use liabilty 
 
 - 
 
 Business interest limitation 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Reserve for estimated returns 

Accrued vacation 

Total 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Depreciable and amortizable assets 

Right of use asset 

Prepaid expenses 

Net deferred tax liability 

Total 
 - 

The
Company performed an analysis in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740, which requires an assessment of both positive and negative
evidence when determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. The analysis performed to assess
the realizability of the deferred tax assets included an evaluation of the pattern and timing of the reversals of temporary differences
and the length of carryback and carryforward periods available under the applicable federal and state laws; and the amount and timing
of future taxable income. On March 31, 2023, the Company evaluated the realizability of its deferred tax assets in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and concluded that a valuation allowance of approximately million
against deferred tax assets was necessary. The recognition of the remaining net deferred tax asset and corresponding tax benefit is based
upon the Company s conclusions regarding, among other considerations, the Company s history of earnings, cumulative net loss
during the past three years and projected earnings for fiscal year 2024 and in the future. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

At
March 31, 2022, the Company has federal tax net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of approximately million that begin to
expire in the year 2025. The net operating loss carryforward is subject to an IRS Section 382 limitation that limited the amount available
to use beginning in Fiscal 2020 to approximately million per year. In addition, the Company has state tax net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately million that will begin to expire beginning in 2024. These tax net operating loss carryforwards may be subject
to adjustment based on future changes in ownership. 

segment. Sales by geographic region for the period presented are as follows: 

 SCHEDULE OF REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL REGION 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

FOR
 THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

North America 

Australia 

United Kingdom 

Europe 
 - 

Others 
 - 

Net sales 

The
geographic area of sales is based primarily on where the product was delivered. 

and , respectively. The amounts are included as a component of general and administrative expense in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. The Company does not provide any post-employment benefits to retirees. 

of accounts receivable were due from three customers in North America that individually
owed over of total accounts receivable. At March 31, 2022, of accounts receivable were due from four customers in North America
that individually owed over of total accounts receivable. 

Revenues
derived from our top three customers in 2023 and 2022 were and of total revenue, respectively. Revenues from customers representing
greater than of total net sales were derived from top two customers in Fiscal 2023 and top three customers in Fiscal 2022 as percentage
of the net sales were and and , , and , respectively. The loss of any of these customers could have an adverse impact
on the Company. 

The
Macau and Hong Kong subsidiaries recorded net sales of approximately million and million in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
Company is dependent upon foreign companies for the manufacture of all its electronic products. The Company s arrangements with
manufacturers are subject to the risk of doing business abroad, such as import duties, trade restrictions, work stoppages, foreign currency
fluctuations, political instability, and other factors, which could have an adverse impact on its business. The Company believes that
the loss of any one or more of their suppliers would not have a long-term material adverse effect because other manufacturers with whom
the Company does business would be able to increase production to fulfill their requirements. However, the loss of certain suppliers
in the short-term could adversely affect business until alternative supply arrangements are secured. 

THE
SINGING MACHINE COMPANY, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 March
31, 2023 and 2022 

During
fiscal years 2023 and 2022, manufacturers in the People s Republic of China accounted for of the Company s total product
purchases, including all of the Company s hardware purchases. In 2018 . Should the government decide to expand its list of products to include our karaoke products that
would subject our products to tariffs in the future, there could be a significant increase in the landed cost of our products. If we
are unable to mitigate these increased costs through price increases, we could experience reductions in revenues, gross profit margin
and results from operations. 

million due from Stingray for music subscription reimbursement. 

TRADE 

The
Company has a music subscription sharing agreement with Stingray. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 the Company received
music subscription revenue of approximately million and million, respectively. These amounts were included as a component of
net sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Provision for estimated sales returns 

Sales returns received 

Reserve for sales returns
 at end of the year 

and as other income on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations due to settlement of accounts payable by a manufacturer s representative of a factory that
caused a damaged goods incident in Fiscal 2020. 

- 

Inventory reserve 

- 

Year ended March 31, 2022 

Reserves deducted from assets to which they
 apply: 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts 

- 

Inventory reserve 

- 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of The Signing Machine Company, Inc.'s Form S-3 (Nos. 333-269183 and
333-259341) and Form S-8 (No. 333-268106) of our report dated July 14, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be
filed on or about July 14, 2023. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER
LLP 

 Iselin,
New Jersey 

 July
14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Gary Atkinson, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Singing Machine Company, Inc. for fiscal year ended March 31, 2023; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
Gary Atkinson 

Gary
 Atkinson 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 Date:
 July 14, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Lionel Marquis, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Singing Machine Company, Inc. for fiscal year ended March 31, 2023; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Lionel Marquis 

Lionel
 Marquis 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 
 Date:
 July 14, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of The Singing Machine Company, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March
31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gary Atkinson, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and will be
retained by The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/
Gary Atkinson 

Gary
 Atkinson 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 Date:
 July 14, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of The Singing Machine Company, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March
31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lionel Marquis, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and will be
retained by The Singing Machine Company, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/
Lionel Marquis 

Lionel
 Marquis 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

Date:
 July 14, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mics-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mics-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mics-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mics-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

