<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230718_10-K_edgar_data_1407704_0001640334-23-001322.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38894910</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>212597</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>35213576</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1122702</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>919523</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1325852</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-001322.hdr.sgml : 20230718
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230718154600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-001322
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		163
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230718
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230718

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001407704
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		IRS NUMBER:				208009362
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55498
		FILM NUMBER:		231094193

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6955 NORTH DURANGO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1115-129
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89149
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-505-0743

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6955 NORTH DURANGO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1115-129
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89149

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALA ENERGY CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130918

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XODTEC LED, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130918

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALA ENERGY CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-001322.txt : 20230718

10-K
 1
 boty_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

boty_10k.htm 
 U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File No. (Name of small business issuer as in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code) ) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Securities Registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None Securities Registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common stock, par value 0.001 per share Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Note - Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) computed by reference to the average bid and asked price of such common equity on June 30, 2022 was . The number of shares of registrant's common stock outstanding as of July 13, 2023 was . LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K PART I. Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 8 Item 2. Properties 8 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 8 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 8 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 9 Item 6. [Reserved] 9 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 13 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 13 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-1 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 14 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 14 Item 9B Other Information 15 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 16 Item 11. Executive Compensation 17 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 18 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 19 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 20 Item 15. Other Information 21 PART IV. Item 16. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 22 Table of Contents FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this annual report on Form 10-K. Additionally, statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward- looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically addressed under the headings Risks Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K. You are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this annual report on Form 10-K, except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this annual report, which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 2 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS As used in this Annual Report, we, us, our, LFC, Company or our Company refers to Lingerie Fighting Championships, Inc. History We were incorporated in Nevada on November 29, 2006 under the name Sparking Events, Inc., and on September 16, 2013 our corporate name was changed to Cala Energy Corp., (formally, Xodtec LED, Inc.) under which we were engaged in the business of offering services, such as enhanced oil recovery and material supplies, to gas and oil fields predominantly located in Southeast Asia. We were not successful in our efforts and discontinued this line of business. On March 31, 2015, the Company, pursuant to share exchange agreement (the "Share Exchange Agreement"), among the Company, Lingerie Fighting Championships, Inc. LFC ), and the holders of all of the outstanding common stock and convertible notes of LFC exchanged their common stock and convertible notes of LFC for a total of 16,750,000 shares of common stock, which represented 84.70 of the Company's common stock after giving effect to the issuance of the shares pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement and the shares of common stock issued in the private placement described in the following paragraph. The issuance of the 16,750,000 shares of common stock to the former holders of LFC's common stock and convertible notes in exchange for the capital stock of LFC is referred to as the reverse acquisition transaction. The sole director and chief executive officer of LFC became a director and the chief executive officer of the Company. As a result of the reverse acquisition, the Company's business has become the business of LFC. As a result of the reverse acquisition with LFC, we ceased to be a shell company on March 31, 2015. Effective as of April 1, 2015, we changed our name to Lingerie Fighting Championships, Inc. a name which more accurately represents our new business. We effected the name change by virtue of a short form merger, pursuant to which LFC (our wholly owned subsidiary after the LFC Acquisition) merged with and into the Company, with the Company remaining as the surviving parent corporation. In connection with the name change, we submitted to FINRA a voluntary request for the change of our OTC trading symbol. Our Common Stock now trades under the symbol BOTY . As a result of, and in connection with, the reverse acquisition, the Company changed its fiscal year to December 31, which was LFC s fiscal year, from a fiscal year ending February 28. On April 20, 2015, the Company effected a one-for-800 reverse split, pursuant to which each share of common stock was converted into, and became 1/800 of a share of common stock, with fractional shares being rounded up to the next higher whole number of shares. As a result of the reverse split, the 339,757,357 shares of common stock, then outstanding, became and were converted into 424,977 shares. All references to shares of common stock and per share information retroactively reflect the reverse split. On September 14, 2016, Lingerie Fighting Championships, Inc., a Nevada Corporation (the Company filed an amendment to its articles of incorporation (the Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, which, among other things, established the designation, powers, rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ). Among other provisions, each one (1) share of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have voting rights equal to (x) 0.019607 multiplied by the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote (the Numerator ), divided by (y) 0.49, minus (z) the Numerator. For purposes of illustration only, if the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote is 5,000,000, the voting rights of one share of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be equal to 102,036 (0.019607 x 5,000,000) / 0.49) - (0.019607 x 5,000,000) = 102,036). Fifty-one (51) shares of Series A Preferred Stock were authorized and fifty-one (51) shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued to Shaun Donnelly, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company. On November 22, 2016, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, from four hundred million (400,000,000) shares to one billion (1,000,000,000) shares. A true and correct copy of the Amendment is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this report. 3 Table of Contents On January 23, 2017, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, from one billion (1,000,000,000) shares to one billion two hundred million (1,200,000,000) shares. The Company did not timely comply with the requirements of Regulation 14C under the Exchange Act for the above referenced increases in the Company s authorized common shares. This would have required us to circulate an information statement describing the corporate actions taken above by the written consent of a majority of our shareholders at least 20 days prior to the effective date of the corporate action. We did however have super majority shareholder consent as required for amending the articles of incorporation. The failure to initially comply with Regulation 14C in a timely manner was inadvertent, and while not probable, could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action or commence litigation against us for failure to comply with Regulation 14C. Such enforcement could subject us to penalties including the payment of fines or damages. Any such claims or actions could cause us to expend financial resources to defend ourselves, and could divert the attention of our management from our core business. On November 2, 2017, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, from one billion two hundred million (1,200,000,000) shares to five billion (5,000,000,000) shares. A true and correct copy of the Amendment is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this report. Our Business Our LFC business and brand is focused on building and establishing a sports entertainment league that utilizes wrestling and mixed martial arts MMA fighting techniques for purposes of providing entertainment. We seek to promote and market our brand, our programming, our events and our products. Our mission is to establish the popularity of our LFC league and brand based on holding live events and to promote our athletes via a reality series and merchandise such a t-shirts and calendars. Our uniqueness is derived from our predominantly all female league structure, where a vast array of beautiful, attractive and unique women engage in wrestling and MMA fighting techniques against one another for purposes of delivering high quality entertainment to mature audiences. Our management believes that the LFC league and our unique approach in applying a predominantly all female league structure to wrestling and mixed martial arts gives us a substantial competitive advantage to build the popularity of the LFC league in general. Recent Business Development In May, 2023 we signed a license deal with Tubi, a streaming platform owned by Fox that has 64 million active monthly users. On June 1 they uploaded a single event, LFC21, which received more than 830,000 views in June. As of July 1 they had added 12 more events and plan to add the rest in August. Over the past year we have seen a massive increase in the popularity of our YouTube Channel, which now has nearly 600,000 subscribers. Our most recent event, LFC37, has been viewed more than 3.7 million times on the channel and is generating monthly revenues of nearly 10,000. On February 14 we held LFC37: Back to the Mansion at the Sapphire Showroom in Las Vegas. On May 5, 2021, we were booked to perform three events at the Sturgis Buffalo Chip during the closing weekend of the 2021 Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in Sturgis, SD. LFC32, LFC33 LFC34 were very well attended. On June 21, 2021, we have partnered with Agape Impetus Dunamis Ministries (AIDM) as one of the league s principal sponsors at their 3 upcoming events at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally. The California-based ministry created an inspirational design which will adorn the LFC ring during the league s events on the closing weekend of the Rally which is expected to draw as many as 750,000 bike enthusiasts. In July 2021, we were approached by a company called Scuffle LLC who specialize in launching Roku channels. We have partnered with them to launch our own channel we'll be calling "LFC Network". The channel will carry our past events, our reality series and several new series we plan to create. It will be similar in scope to WWE Network. It will be funded by a combination of subscription fees, advertisers and sponsors, both self generated and placed by Roku itself. 4 Table of Contents On August 27, 2021, we announced LFC35: Booty Camp 3D which would take place Halloween in Las Vegas and would be shot using 360 degree virtual reality cameras. On September 1, 2021, we announced the launch of LFC Madness 2, a follow-up to our first LFC Madness bracket style virtual tournament. Once again the two prospects with the most votes would fight each other at LFC35 and each would receive a 1200 diamond bracelet courtesy Boston Diamonds Bling. On October 1, 2021, LFC Network was launched on schedule on Roku. On October 19, 2021, we launched our own branded CBD pain relief cream called 'LFC True Relief'. The product is available for sale on our site. Our Events Our operations seek to be organized around the development, promotion and distribution of our live events and televised entertainment programming. We also seek to develop branding and merchandising avenues for revenues. Live Events Our live events are a unique mix of MMA and professional wrestling performed before a live audience and recorded and edited by our in-house production team. To date, we have hosted 21 live events across the U.S. and Europe as well as more than 120 episodes of a reality series which are normally 30 minutes each. Our brand is growing on social media where our content has been viewed by more than 180 million people. Video Programming We are an independent producer of video programming for digital home video and intend to develop such video programming for broadcast television, cable television, pay-per-view and video-on-demand markets. We produce scripted style fights featuring attractive and athletic females of the LFC league clothed in lingerie. Our featured episodes, called the Lingerie Fighting Championships, include live action content stylized and modeled in the format of a reality television series. Television Programming; Pay-Per View Programming We will produce and own our television programming and video library and believe that pay-per-view and video-on- demand television distribution presents opportunities to generate revenue for our business. In an effort to build our LFC brand, we plan to distribute our live event programming through pay-per-view and video-on-demand television outlets in the future. Home Video We expect to pursue opportunities in the home video market by licensing, on a distribution fee and/or royalty basis our growing video library to third parties to develop, produce, manufacture, and sell DVDs for the home video market. We hope to develop a video library with proprietary material from our live events, television broadcasts, special events and behind the scenes content of live events. To date, we have developed and produced an LFC DVD entitled Lingerie Fighting Championships: Lace vs Leather which is currently being sold on the LFC official website (www.lingeriefc.com) as well as Amazon.com. It is intended that we will continue to produce develop our video programming to be sold in DVD volume installments in retail stores and on-line via such e-commerce platforms such as the LFC official site (www.lingeriefc.com) and other third party retailers including, but not limited to, Amazon and iTunes . We are currently in discussion with various other retailers specializing in home video distribution. All references herein to Amazon , iTunes , YouTube or Facebook are to websites operated by such entities and we do not have any rights, affiliation or license with them other than the presence of our media or products on such media platforms as set forth herein. 5 Table of Contents Online Programming We utilize the Internet to communicate with our fans and market and distribute our various programming. Through our network of websites and social media, our fans and customers can obtain the latest news and information on the LFC, purchase our live event tickets, home video programming, and purchase our branded merchandise. Our main site is www.lingeriefc.com. Branded Merchandise Licensing and Direct Sales. We believe that licensing of LFC names, logos and copyrighted works on a variety of retail products presents a further opportunity to generate revenues. As our brand grows, we expect to pursue greater opportunities to expand our licensing efforts through a more comprehensive licensing program. Competition Competition for Viewers . The entertainment market in which we operate has a limited fan base and is highly competitive. We must compete for the time and attention of viewers with more established content programming and entertainment value. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including quality of experience, relevance, accessibility, perceptions of ad load, brand awareness and reputation. List of Competitors . Our events, we anticipate, caters to a niche audience. Our audience, we anticipate, will consist primarily of a mature audience with an appreciation of MMA and contact sports and professional wrestling. We compete with athletic events as well as mature audience entertainment. While we do pride our business model on having an athletic appeal, we do not deem ourselves as a conventional full contact sport, and our events are designed as scripted fictional entertainment. For additional details on risks related to competition for listeners, please refer to the section entitled Risk Factors. Our competitors include among others: Sports Entertainment Providers. We compete on a national basis primarily with World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc., and its subsidiaries (collectively, the WWE and Zuffa, LLC, the American sports promotion company specializing in mixed martial arts and parent company of the Ultimate Fighting Championship league (collectively, the UFC ). We will have to compete with WWE and the UFC in many aspects of our business, including viewership, application of mixed martial arts, access to arenas, the sale and licensing of branded merchandise and distribution channels for our televised programs. We also directly compete to find, hire and retain talented performers. WWE and UFC has substantially greater financial resources than we do, and already has an established fan base and following, and are affiliated with television cable networks on which WWE s and UFC s programs are aired. Other sources of competition in our sports entertainment market are regional promoters of wrestling events. Television Network Scheduling . Conventional sports channels may not accept us or may limit us to less popular time slots. Because we are not a conventional sports league, and due to the mature target audience for our events, mainstream sporting channels may not accept us or may limit our events to mid-day, late night or "half time" type channel slots, as opposed to prime-time televised scheduling. Other Forms of Media . We compete for the time and attention of our listeners with providers of other forms of in- home and mobile entertainment. We rely on having a modest but growing YouTube following. To the extent existing or potential viewers choose to watch cable television, stream video from on-demand services such as Netflix, Hulu, VEVO or YouTube or play interactive video games on their home-entertainment system, computer or mobile phone rather than view our LFC programming or attend our live events, these content services pose a competitive threat. 6 Table of Contents Government Regulation Live Events . In various states in the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, athletic commissions and other applicable regulatory agencies require fighting leagues to obtain licenses for promoters, medical clearances and/or other permits or licenses for performers and/or permits for events in order for us to promote and conduct live events. Since we are scripted and not a full contact competitive sport, we are not subject to such regulation. If rules change or if our business structure changes or if we are perceived as being an athletic full contact sport, we could become subject to such regulation. In the event that we fail to comply with the regulations of a particular jurisdiction, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events in that jurisdiction. The inability to present our live events over an extended period of time or in a number of jurisdictions could lead to a decline in the various revenue streams generated from our live events, which could adversely affect our operating results. Television Programming . The production of television programming by independent producers is not directly regulated by the federal or state governments, but the marketplace for television programming in the United States and internationally is substantially affected by government regulations applicable to, as well as social and political influences on, television stations, television networks and cable and satellite television systems and channels. We voluntarily designate the suitability of each of our television shows using standard industry ratings. Changes in governmental policy and private- sector perceptions could further restrict our program content and adversely affect our levels of viewership and operating results. Online Programming . The Company intends to conduct business on the internet and will be subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations relating to consumer protection, information security, data protection and privacy, among other things. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. In the area of information security and data protection, the laws in several states require companies to implement specific information security controls to protect certain types of information. Likewise, all but a few states have laws in place requiring companies to notify users if there is a security breach that compromises certain categories of their information. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant liabilities. Intellectual Property Trademarks and Copyrights . We believe that intellectual property and merchandising will be material to our business and we will expend cost and effort in an attempt to develop and protect our intellectual property and to maintain compliance vis- -vis other parties' intellectual property. A principal focus of our efforts is to protect the intellectual property relating to our originally created characters portrayed by our performers, which encompasses images, likenesses, names and other identifying indicia of these characters. We have registered the domain name www.lingeriefc.com as our website. We currently do not have any registered trademarks. We may, however, seek to register or assert common law rights with respect to the names, terms, slogans, titles and event names we have been using to date. We anticipate some revenues from branding merchandise, apparel, and particularly lingerie and swimwear using both our and other licensed brands. To accomplish this, we will have to rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, contractual restrictions, technological measures and other methods. Further, we seek to enforce our intellectual property rights by, among other things, searching the internet to ascertain unauthorized use of our intellectual property, seizing goods that feature unauthorized use of our intellectual property and seeking restraining orders and/or damages in court against individuals or entities infringing our intellectual property rights. Our failure to curtail piracy, infringement or other unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights effectively, or our infringement of others' intellectual property rights, could adversely affect our operating results. We may be the subject of trademark and copyright infringements suits from other companies that seek to protect their names or marks on the basis of similarity or dilution, and no assurance can be made that we will be able to defend such actions. 7 Table of Contents Employees The Company has one employee, Shaun Donnelly, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Cast and crew are hired on a contract basis for each live event. Available Information Our website address is www.LFCfights.com . We do not intend our website address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate by reference the contents of the website into this Report. The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. We are not required to provide this information as we are a smaller reporting company. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We do not own or lease any property. Our mailing address is 6955 North Durango, Suite 1115-129, Las Vegas, NV, 89149, telephone (702) 505-0743. Our website is www.LFCfights.com. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Other than described below, we are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our Company s or our Company s subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. However, from time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. On August 24, 2018, Mr. Jeffrey Stone, a former consultant of the Company, filed suit against the Company and our CEO, Mr. Shaun Donnelly, in New York County Civil Court alleging that the Company failed to provide some of the promised shares of common stock as compensation for services rendered pursuant to an agreement whereby Mr. Stone was to provide investor relations services to the Company. This suit was settled on April 12, 2019 for 5,000. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 8 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. (a) Market Information. Our common stock trades on the OTC Pink under the symbol BOTY. The former symbol for our common stock was OILL and, after the reverse stock split, OILLD. The symbol was changed to BOTY on April 29, 2015. (b) Holders As of July 13, 2023, we had approximately 251 shareholders of our common stock. Such number of record holders was derived from the records maintained by our transfer agent, Island Stock Transfer. This figure does not include those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of broker-dealers or other nominees. (c) Dividends We have never paid any cash dividends on our common shares, and we do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends with respect to those securities in the foreseeable future. Our current business plan is to retain any future earnings to finance the expansion development of our business. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon the Company's earnings (if any), general financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements and other considerations deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plan The following table summarizes the equity compensation plans under which our securities have been or may be issued as of December 31, 2022. Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options and warrants Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 0 0 0 Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders 0 0 0 At December 31, 2022, we did not have any equity compensation plans that were not approved by stockholders. Transfer Agent Our transfer agent is VStock Transfer, LLC., 18 Lafayette Place Woodmere, NY 11598. Their telephone number is (212) 828-8436. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 176,411,500 shares of common stock for the exercise of 201,613,143 units of share purchase warrants. Rule 10B-18 Transactions During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no repurchases of the Company s common stock by the Company. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 9 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion of the results of our operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes, which appear elsewhere in this report. The following discussion includes forward-looking statements. For a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ from results discussed in the forward-looking statements, see "Forward Looking Statements." Overview LFC is a media company focused on the development, production, promotion and distribution of original entertainment which we plan to make commercially available predominantly through live entertainment events, as well as through digital home video, broadcast television networks, video-on-demand and digital media channels. As a result, we have ceased to be a shell company. Effective as of April 1, 2015, we changed our name to "Lingerie Fighting Championships, Inc.," (by virtue of the short form merger with our new LFC subsidiary) to reflect our new business focus. Results of Operations Year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 Our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized as follows: Year Ended December 31, Changes Statement of Operations Data: 2022 2021 Amount Revenue 113,802 95,436 18,366 19 Cost of services (33,831 (96,245 62,414 (65 Gross profit (loss) 79,971 (809 80,780 (9,985 Total operating expenses (269,212 (411,655 142,443 (35 Other income (expense) 1,966,946 (3,111,090 5,078,036 (163 Net income (loss) 1,777,705 (3,523,554 5,301,259 (150 Revenues We generated revenues of 113,802 and 95,436 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s revenue derives from the development, promotion and distribution of our live events, televised entertainment programming, sponsorship and site subscription. The increase in revenues was attributed to an increase in live event revenue and advertising revenue. Cost of Services We incurred total cost of services of 33,831 and 96,245 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cost of services incurred consist of labor, material, equipment and subcontractor expenses. Operating Expenses We incurred total operating expenses of 269,212 and 411,655 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to the decrease in stock-based compensation expense, E-commerce expense and travel expense. 10 Table of Contents Other Income (Expense) We recognized other income of 1,966,946 and incurred other expense of 3,111,090 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in other income was mainly attributed to an increase in gain on changes in fair value of derivatives from the convertible notes and warrants and a decrease in amortization of debt discount during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net Income (Loss) We recognized net income of 1,777,705 and incurred net loss of 3,523,554 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in our net income was mainly attributed to the increase in other income, increase in gross profit and decrease in operating expenses. Liquidity and Capital Resources December 31, December 31, Changes Working Capital Data: 2022 2021 Amount Current Assets 10,009 41,981 (31,972 (76 Current Liabilities 4,914,627 6,840,790 (1,926,163 (28 Working Capital Deficiency (4,904,618 (6,798,809 1,894,191 (28 At December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficiency of 4,904,618 and an accumulated deficit of 9,943,437. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31, 2023. The ability of the Company to realize its business plan is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The following table sets forth certain information about our cash flow during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Year Ended December 31, Changes Cash Flows Data: 2022 2021 Amount Cash Flows used in Operating Activities (87,992) (265,661) 177,669 (67 Cash Flows provided by Financing Activities 63,520 296,000 (232,480) (79 Net increase (decrease) in cash during period (24,472) 30,339 (54,811) (181 Cash Flows from Operating Activities We have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. 11 Table of Contents During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities was 87,992, consisting of a net income of 1,777,705, decreased by gain on change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 2,302,899 and increased by amortization of debt discount of 124,904 and net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 312,298. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash flows used in operating activities was 265,661, consisting of a net loss of 3,523,554, decreased by loss on change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 2,481,400, stock based compensation of 120,060, amortization of debt discount of 462,701 and note conversion fee 2,000 and net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 191,732. Cash Flows from Investing Activities There were no investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Cash Flows from Financing Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 63,520 attributed to proceeds from issuance of convertible notes and 296,000 attributed to proceeds from the issuance of promissory notes. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. Significant Accounting Estimates and Policies The preparation of financial statements in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. A change in managements estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations during the period in which such changes occurred. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our financial statements reflect all adjustments that management believes are necessary for the fair presentation of their financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of products and services in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue Recognition following the five steps procedure: Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with customers Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract Step 3: Determine the transaction price Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations Step 5: Recognize revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation Convertible Instruments and Derivatives The Company evaluates and account for conversion options embedded in convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging Activities. Fair Value Measurement The Company adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, which defines fair value as used in numerous accounting pronouncements, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure of fair value measurements. 12 Table of Contents The estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses are carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amounts of our short and long term credit obligations approximate fair value because the effective yields on these obligations, which include contractual interest rates taken together with other features such as concurrent issuances of warrants and/or embedded conversion options, are comparable to rates of returns for instruments of similar credit risk. ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1 - quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities Level 2 - quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable Level 3 - inputs that are unobservable (for example cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions) The derivative liability in connection with the conversion feature of the convertible debt, classified as a level 3 liability, is the only financial liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to FASB ASC 740 Income Taxes . Pursuant to ASC 740 deferred income taxes are provided on a liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, and operating loss carryforwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax expense for the period, if any, and the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. ASC 740 also provides criteria for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions. Under ASC 740, the impact of an uncertain tax position on the income tax return may only be recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. Recent accounting pronouncements In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, ASC Subtopic 470-20 Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options . The standard reduced the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation models are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting; and, (2) convertible debt instruments issued with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this standard on its financial statements. In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (ASU 2019-12), which simplifies the accounting for income taxes. This guidance will be effective for entities for the fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020 on a prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. For the Company, the new standard was effective on January 1, 2021 and we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS. We do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID - F-2 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Lingerie Fighting Championships, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Lingerie Fighting Championships, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018 July 18, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable - related party Accrued interest payable Promissory notes, net of and debt discount, respectively Convertible notes, net of and debt discount, respectively Derivative liabilities Total Current Liabilities STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of services GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) OPERATING EXPENSES Selling, general and administrative expenses Professional fees Management salaries Total Operating Expenses OPERATING LOSS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Interest expense Gain (Loss) on change in fair value of derivative liabilities Total Other Income (Expense) NET INCOME (LOSS) Basic and Diluted Income (Loss) per Common Share Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Common Share Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Diluted Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 Additional Total Common Stock Preferred Shares Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance - December 31, 2020 Shares of common stock issued for conversion of debts and accrued interest - Shares of common stock issued for exercise of warrants - Commitment stock issued under registration rights agreement - Write off of convertible notes and accrued interest - - Derivative liabilities reclass to additional paid-in capital due to note conversion, warrant exercise and note written off - - Net loss - - Balance - December 31, 2021 Shares of common stock issued for exercise of warrants - Net income - - Balance - December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-5 Table of Contents LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Amortization of beneficial conversion feature Note payable issued as equity commitment fee Stock - based compensation Loss (Gain) on change in fair value of derivative liabilities Amortization of debt discount Note conversion fee Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expense Accounts payable - related party Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued interest payable Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from convertible debts Proceeds from promissory notes Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Debt discount from derivative liabilities Derivative liabilities reclass to additional paid-in capital due to note conversion, warrant exercise and note written off Shares of common stock issued for conversion of debt and accrued interest Shares of common stock issued for exercise of warrants Write off of convertible notes and accrued interest The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 Cash and Cash Equivalents and in cash and cash equivalents as at December 31 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Revenue Recognition F-7 Table of Contents and and incurred cost of sales of and , resulting in gross profit of and gross loss of , respectively. Earnings (Loss) per Share Warrants Related Party Balances and Transactions Convertible Instruments and Derivatives Share-Based Compensation Fair Value Measurement F-8 Table of Contents Liabilities Derivative liabilities Liabilities Derivative liabilities Recent Accounting Pronouncements F-9 Table of Contents shares with a par value per share. The board of directors has broad discretion in setting the rights, preferences and privileges of one or more series of preferred stock. On September 3, 2016, the Company issued Series A preferred shares to the Chief Executive Officer. The Series A preferred shares have voting rights, resulting in the Series A stockholder holding in aggregate approximately of the total voting power of all issued and outstanding voting capital of the Company. The valuation of the preferred shares was completed by the Company based on the change in voting percentage rights before and after the Series A shares were issued. The value of the Series A shares is and was expensed. There were and preferred shares issued and outstanding as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Common Stock The Company has authorized shares with a par value per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of units of share purchase warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible note of and accrued interest of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of units of share purchase warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock as commitment stock to a noteholder under registration rights agreement in relations to the filing of S-1. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the shares of common stock issued and outstanding was and . respectively F-10 Table of Contents Granted Redeemed - Exercised Forfeited - Balances as of December 31, 2021 Granted Redeemed - Exercised Forfeited - Balances as of December 31, 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of units of share purchase warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of units of share purchase warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted units of share purchase warrants in conjunction to the issuance of promissory note noteholders totaling . The fair value of each warrant on the date of grant is estimated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The following weighted-average assumptions were used for warrants granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: - - Expected term years years Expected average volatility - - Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate - - The following table summarizes information relating to outstanding and exercisable warrants as of December 31, 2022: F-11 Table of Contents based on the closing market price of on December 31, 2022. The Company determined that the warrants qualify for derivative accounting as a result of the related issuance of the convertible notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company valued the fair value on the units and units of common stock purchase warrants granted at and based on Black-Scholes option valuation model, respectively. Less Debt Discount Total Promissory Notes On March 4, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC to issue a senior secured promissory note of to the unrelated party, which bears interest at of the principal amount. The promissory note matures on . In conjunction with the convertible note, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable for five years from issuance at per share and returnable warrants to purchase 150,000,000 shares of common stock, exercisable for five years form issuance at 0.002 per share which will be automatically expired in the event that the Company repays the convertible promissory notes prior to its maturity date. (See Note 5) The note was discounted for original issued discount of and a derivative on warrants of for an aggregate discount of , which is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method resulting in of debt discount amortization for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note is presented at and , net of debt discount of and , respectively. On December 6, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC to issue a senior secured promissory note of to the unrelated party, which bears interest at of the principal amount. The promissory note matures on . In conjunction with the convertible note, the Company issued first common stock purchased warrants to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable for five years from issuance at per share and second common stock purchased warrants to purchase 50,000,000 shares of common stock, exercisable for five years form issuance at 0.0008 per share which will be automatically expired in the event that the Company repays the convertible promissory notes prior to its maturity date. (See Note 5) The note was discounted for original issued discount of and a derivative on warrants of for an aggregate discount of , which is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method resulting in of debt discount amortization for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note is presented at and , net of debt discount of and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense of and was incurred on the promissory notes. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, accrued interest payable on the promissory note was and , respectively. F-12 Table of Contents Total Convertible Debts Promissory Notes Payable to Auctus Fund Auctus #1 On May 20, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unrelated party for an amount of with a original issue discount. The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures nine months from issue date. The conversion price is of the lowest trading price days prior to conversion. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method resulting in and of interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2017, principal of and accrued interest of were converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2018, accrued interest of were converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2019, principal of and accrued interest of were converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2020, accrued interest of were converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, principal of and accrued interest of were converted into shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note is presented net of a debt discount of and , respectively. This note is currently in default. Auctus #2 On September 20, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unrelated party for an amount of with a original issue discount. The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures nine months from issue date. The conversion price is of the lowest trading price days prior to conversion. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method resulting in and of interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2018 and year ended December 31, 2017, respectively. On July 7, 2017, note amendment was executed with increase in principal of the note and the note principal increased to . The Company received cash proceeds from the note amendment on the same date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, principal of and accrued interest of were converted into shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notes were fully paid off through the issuance of common stock. F-13 Table of Contents with a original issue discount to the unrelated party, which bears interest at of the principal amount. The promissory note matures on . The conversion price shall be equal to of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the consecutive trading days prior to the date on which the unrelated party elects to convert all or part of the note. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method. Total of and of the discount was recorded as interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the year ended December 31, 2017. During the year ended December 31, 2017, principal of was converted into shares of common stock. On June 14, 2017, the Company entered into an agreement with Power Up Lending Group to issue a convertible promissory note of to the unrelated party, which bears interest at of the principal amount. The promissory note matured on . The conversion price shall be equal to of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the consecutive trading days prior to the date on which the unrelated party elects to convert all or part of the note. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method. Total of and of the discount was recorded as interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the year ended December 31, 2017. On November 27, 2017, Auctus Fund, LLC entered into an agreement with Power Up Lending Group Ltd. to buy out the total outstanding principal amount and accrued interest of the two convertible promissory notes at .54. The note bears interest at of the principal amount and matured on . The conversion price shall be equal of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the consecutive trading days prior to the date on which the unrelated party elects to convert all or part of the note. During the year ended December 31, 2018 and the year ended December 31, 2017, interest expense of and was recorded over the remaining note discount transferred the two convertible notes of . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note is presented net of a debt discount of . This note is currently in default. Auctus #4 On November 2, 2017, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note of to the unrelated party, which bears interest at of the principal amount. The promissory note matures on . The conversion price shall be equal to of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the consecutive trading days prior to the date on which the unrelated party elects to convert all or part of the note. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method. Total of and of the discount was recorded as interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the year ended December 31, 2017. On February 23, 2018, EMA Financial LLC and Auctus Fund, LLC each made repayment to Crown Bridge Partners, LLC on behalf of the Company at .04 to settle the total outstanding principal and accrued penalty amount at .08 of the convertible note. As a result, the principal amount of the convertible note increased to .04. During the year ended December 31, 2021, principal of and accrued interest of were converted into shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the notes were fully paid off through the issuance of common stock. F-14 Table of Contents with a original issue discount. The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures nine months from issue date. The conversion price is of the lowest trading price days prior to conversion. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method resulting in of interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2018. During the year ended December 31, 2021, accrued interest of were converted into shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note is presented net of a debt discount of . This note is currently in default. Auctus #6 On July 9, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unrelated party for an amount of with a original issue discount. On July 25, 2018, the convertible promissory note was further amended with principal increased to . The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures nine months from issue date. The conversion price is of the lowest trading price days prior to conversion. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method resulting in and of interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2019 and the year ended December 31, 2018, respectively. In conjunction with the convertible note, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable for five years from issuance at per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note is presented net of a debt discount of . This note is currently in default. Auctus #7 On March 22, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unrelated party for an amount of with a original issue discount. The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures nine months from issue date. The conversion price is of the lowest trading price days prior to conversion. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method resulting in of interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2019. In conjunction with the convertible note, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable for five years from issuance at per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note is presented net of a debt discount of . This note is currently in default. Auctus#8 On October 23, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note of to the unrelated party, which bears interest at per annum and matures nine months from issue date. The conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) multiplied by the lowest Trading Price during the previous twenty-five Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the date of this Note and (ii) the Variable Conversion Price, that is 50 multiplied by the Market Price, being the lowest Trading Price for the Common Stock during the twenty-five Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method resulting in of interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2019. In conjunction with the convertible note, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable for five years from issuance at per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of units of share purchase warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding units of warrants was . F-15 Table of Contents . This note is currently in default. Auctus#9 On August 4, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC to issue a convertible promissory note of to the unrelated party, which bears interest at of the principal amount. The promissory note matures on August 4, 2021. The note is to be repaid by six equal payments commencing on the sixth month anniversary of issuance and due monthly thereafter. The conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the lowest Trading Price during the previous five trading date period ending on the latest completed trading Day prior to the date of this Note and (ii) Variable Conversion Price, that is Market Price being the volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the Common Stock during the five trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method. In conjunction with the convertible note, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable for five years from issuance at per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note is presented net of a debt discount of . This note is currently in default. Auctus#10 On November 2, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC to issue a convertible promissory note of to the unrelated party, which bears interest at of the principal amount. The promissory note matures on . The note is to be repaid by six equal payments commencing on the sixth month anniversary of issuance and due monthly thereafter. The conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the lowest Trading Price and (ii) Variable Conversion Price, that is Market Price being the lowest trading price for the common stock during the one trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method. In conjunction with the convertible note, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable for five years from issuance at per share and returnable warrants to purchase 2,225,000,000 shares of common stock, exercisable for five years form issuance at 0.0001 per share which will be automatically expired in the event that the Company repays the convertible promissory notes prior to its maturity date. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note is presented net of a debt discount of . This note is currently in default. Auctus#13 On May 12, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC to issue a convertible promissory note of to the unrelated party, which bears interest at of the principal amount. The convertible promissory note matures on May 12, 2023. The note is convertible into common shares of per share. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method. During the year months ended December 31, 2022, the amortization of note discount was 32,625. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized note discount was . In conjunction with the convertible note, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock First Warrant ), exercisable for five years from issuance at 0.0005 per share and warrants to purchase shares of common stock Second Warrant ), exercisable for five years form issuance at 0.0005 per share which will be automatically expired in the event that the Company repays the convertible promissory notes prior to its maturity date. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note is presented net of a debt discount of and , respectively. F-16 Table of Contents . The note is convertible into common shares of per share. The note was discounted for a derivative and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method. During the year months ended December 31, 2022, the amortization of note discount was . As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized note discount was 15,425. In conjunction with the convertible note, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock First Warrant ), exercisable for five years from issuance at per share and warrants to purchase shares of common stock Second Warrant ), exercisable for five years form issuance at per share which will be automatically expired in the event that the Company repays the convertible promissory notes prior to its maturity date. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note is presented net of a debt discount of and , respectively. Accrued interest on convertible notes During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense of and was incurred on convertible notes, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, accrued interest payable on convertible notes was and , respectively. Summary of Conversions During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible note of and accrued interest of . Addition of new derivative liabilities upon issuance of convertible notes as debt discount Reduction of derivative liabilities from exercise of warrants Addition of new derivative liabilities upon issuance of warrants as debt discount Addition of new derivatives liabilities recognized as day one loss on warrants Loss (Gain) on change in fair value of the derivative Balance - December 31, 2022 The following table summarizes the loss (gain) on derivative liability included in the income statement for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loss (Gain) on change in fair value of derivative liabilities on convertible notes and warrants Loss (Gain) on change in fair value of derivative liabilities F-17 Table of Contents - years - Expected average volatility - - Expected dividend yield - - Risk-free interest rate - - of salary payable to the Director of the Company and paid owing to him for the accrued salaries. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company accrued of salary payable to the Director of the Company and paid owing to him for the accrued salaries. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, amount due to the related party was and , respectively. Statutory tax Rate Deferred tax asset Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred assets As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in net operating losses NOLs that may be available to offset future taxable income, which . NOLs generated in tax years prior to December 31, 2017, can be carryforward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after December 31, 2017 can be carryforward indefinitely. In accordance with Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards is subject to annual limitations following greater than ownership changes. Tax returns for the years ended 2014 through 2022 are subject to review by the tax authorities. F-18 Table of Contents . F-19 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, being December 31, 2022. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer). Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. 14 Table of Contents We plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we hope to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending December 31, 2022: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm because as a smaller reporting company we are not subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls Our management, which consists of our sole officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting are or will be capable of preventing or detecting all errors or all fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements, due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns may occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 15 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Board of Directors and Executive Officers of the Company The following table and text sets forth the names and ages of all our directors and executive officers and our key management personnel as of the date hereof. All of our directors serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Name Age Position Shaun Donnelly 55 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our sole officer and director. Shaun Donnelly, age 55, Chief Executive Officer, Director Mr. Donnelly is an entertainment industry veteran who has created, produced and directed television series for such networks as Starz, AMI, ITV, Playboy TV, UKTV and YouToo. Mr. Donnelly served as LFC s chief executive officer and sole director of LFC since its inception on July 21, 2014, and from April 2013 to July 2014, Mr. Donnelly operated a business similar to LFC's as a sole proprietorship, during which time he produced two events. Since 2005, Mr. Donnelly has served as the head of Canada s Mind Engine Entertainment, where he has produced several feature films including the recently completed Gone By Dawn. Prior to getting into TV and film, Mr. Donnelly worked in the advertising industry where, in 1993, he founded Stormedia Communications, an Edmonton-based ad agency that specialized in oil and gas clients. He also published the literary digest Writer's Block Magazine for seven years and has worked as a writer and columnist for numerous magazines and newspapers. Mr. Donnelly attended Grant MacEwan University where he earned diplomas in Advertising Public Relations and Audio Visual Communications. Mr. Donnelly does not believe that his duties with Mind Engine Entertainment will interfere with his duties as our chief executive officer. Family Relationships Since Mr. Donnelly is our sole officer and director, there are no family relationships between any of our officers or directors. Compliance with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). Based solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, were timely. Board Committees We have no audit, compensation or nominating committee. The functions of these committees are performed by our sole director. We do not have any independent directors. Code of Ethics We have not adopted a code of ethics as of the date of this report. 16 Table of Contents Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Except as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following summary compensation table indicates the cash and non-cash compensation earned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by each person who served as chief executive officer and chief financial officer during the year ended December 31, 2022. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Total Shaun Donnelly, Chief Executive Officer, 2022 120,000 - - 120,000 Chief Financial Officer and Director (1) 2021 120,000 -- -- 120,000 ____________ 1. Mr. Donnelly accrued compensation at the rate of 10,000 per month. On September 3, 2016, Mr. Donnelly was issued 51 Series A preferred shares valued at 42,669. 17 Table of Contents Executive Employment Contracts The Company entered into an employment agreement dated October 1, 2016 with Shaun Donnelly. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Donnelly will continue to be employed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The initial term of the Employment Agreement is for a period of twelve (12) months (the Initial Term ). During the Initial Term, the Company will pay Mr. Donnelly a monthly base compensation of 10,000. The base salary shall accrue each month when due to Mr. Donnelly pursuant to the terms as stated in the Employment Agreement, it being understood that the Company may refrain from making cash payment of the base salary to Mr. Donnelly for those months in which the Company does not have the cash and/or funds available to satisfy the base salary obligation to Mr. Donnelly. All amounts of base salary that remain unpaid but due and owing to Mr. Donnelly at the end of each calendar month shall accrue or may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock. Effective September 30, 2017, the Company and Mr. Donnelly entered into an amendment to the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the amendment, the employment contact term is for a twelve month term, which term shall automatically renew yearly for an additional twelve (12) month term unless agreement is terminated in writing by Company within thirty (30) days of expiration of term. In addition, the amendment also adds the responsibility and duty of Chief Financial Officer to Mr. Donnelly. Compensation of Directors Currently, members of our Board of Directors receive no compensation. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth, as of July 13, 2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our Common Stock and by each of our current directors and executive officers. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Shares of Common Stock which an individual or group has a right to acquire within 60 days pursuant to the exercise or conversion of options are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table below. Name of Beneficial Owner (1) Shares of Series A Preferred (3) Percent of Series A Preferred (2) Shares of Common Stock Percent of Common Stock (2) Shaun Donnelly 51 100 9,350,000 0.252 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer All officers and directors as a group (1 person) 51 100 9,350,000 0.252 Name of beneficial owner (5 18 Table of Contents None (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13D-3(a) of the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. (2) The percentages in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our common stock outstanding on that date and all shares of our common stock issuable to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges owned by that person at that date which are exercisable within 60 days of that date. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to the extent that power may be shared with a spouse. Based on 3,535,302,536 share equivalents of common stock as of March 28, 2022. (3) Each one share of the Series A Preferred Stock has voting rights equal to (x) 0.019607 multiplied by the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote (the Numerator ), divided by (y) 0.49, minus (z) the Numerator. For purposes of illustration only, if the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote is 5,000,000, the voting rights of one share of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be equal to 102,036 (0.019607 x 5,000,000) / 0.49) - (0.019607 x 5,000,000) = 102,036). The Series A Preferred Stock has no dividend rights, no liquidation rights and no redemption rights, and was created primarily to be able to obtain a quorum and conduct business at shareholder meetings. The address for Mr. Donnelly is c/o Lingerie Fighting Championships, Inc., 6955 North Durango Drive, Suite 1115-129, Las Vegas 89149. Changes in Control We are not aware of any arrangements that may result in changes in control as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE None of our officers, directors, proposed director nominees, beneficial owners of more than 10 of our shares of common stock, or any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons, or any relative of such spouse who has the same house as such person or who is a director or officer of any parent or subsidiary of our Company, has any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction to which we are a party since our incorporation or in any proposed transaction to which we are proposed to be a party other than described below. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued 120,000 of salary payable to the Director of the Company and paid 42,500 owing to him for the accrued salaries. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company accrued 120,000 of salary payable to the Director of the Company and paid 43,500 owing to him for the accrued salaries. 19 Table of Contents Director Independence Since our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have used the definition of independence of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company; the director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); a family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the company; the director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); the director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or The director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the company s outside auditor, or at any time during the past three years was a partner or employee of the company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit. Based upon the above criteria, we have no independent directors. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The following table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants for each of our last two fiscal years for the categories of services indicated. Year Ended December 31, Category 2022 2021 Audit Fees (1) 33,000 22,000 Audit Related Fees (2) 21,500 16,200 Tax Fees (3) -- -- All Other Fees (4) -- -- __________ (1) Consists of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our Form 10-K and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Consists of fees billed for the review of our quarterly financial statements, review of our forms 10-Q and 8-K and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with non-year end statutory and regulatory filings on engagements. (3) Consists of professional services rendered by a company aligned with our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. (4) The services provided by our accountants within this category consisted of advice and other services relating to SEC matters, registration statement review, accounting issues and client conferences. 20 Table of Contents ITEM 15. OTHER INFORMATION Legal Proceedings We are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our Company s or our Company s subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. However, from time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Defaults Upon Senior Securities As of December 31, 2022, total note payable amount of 549,010 in default as follows: Issuance date Expire date Amount at default Auctus#1 5/20/2016 2/20/2017 1,265 Auctus#3 11/27/2017 3/20/2018 50,745 Auctus#5 3/7/2018 12/7/2018 30,000 Auctus#6 7/9/2018 4/9/2019 48,500 Auctus#7 3/22/2019 12/22/2019 62,500 Auctus#8 10/23/2019 7/23/2020 100,000 Auctus#9 8/11/2020 8/11/2021 31,000 Auctus#10 11/9/2020 11/9/2021 225,000 549,010 Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. Other Information None. 21 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 16. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Exhibits 10.1 Board Consent Auctus BOTY 2022-05-12 10.2 Disbursement Auth Auctus BOTY 2022-05-12 10.3 First Warrant Auctus BOTY 2022-05-12 10.4 Note Auctus BOTY 2022-05-12 10.5 Note Auctus BOTY 2022-10-31 (Signed not notarized) 10.6 Officer's Certificate Auctus BOTY 2022-05-12 10.7 Second Warrant Auctus BOTY 2022-05-12 10.8 SPA Auctus BOTY 2022-05-12 10.9 SPA Auctus BOTY 2022-10-31 31.1 Section 302 Certification 32.1 Section 906 Certification 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase ___________ Filed herewith. 25 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. Date: July 18, 2023 By: /s/ Shaun Donnelly Shaun Donnelly Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Shaun Donnelly Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial July 18, 2023 Shaun Donnelly Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), and Director 26 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 boty_ex101.htm
 BOARD CONSENT AUCTUS BOTY
 
 boty_ex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 1 2 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 boty_ex102.htm
 DISBURSEMENT AUTH AUCTUS BOTY
 
 boty_ex102.htm EXHIBIT 10.2 1 2 3 4 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 boty_ex103.htm
 FIRST WARRANT AUCTUS BOTY
 
 boty_ex103.htm EXHIBIT 10.3 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 boty_ex104.htm
 NOTE AUCTUS BOTY
 
 boty_ex104.htm EXHIBIT 10.4 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 boty_ex105.htm
 NOTE AUCTUS BOTY 2022-10-31
 
 boty_ex105.htm EXHIBIT 10.5 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 boty_ex106.htm
 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE AUCTUS BOTY
 
 boty_ex106.htm EXHIBIT 10.6 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 boty_ex107.htm
 SECOND WARRANT AUCTUS BOTY
 
 boty_ex107.htm EXHIBIT 10.7 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 9
 boty_ex108.htm
 SPA AUCTUS BOTY
 
 boty_ex108.htm EXHIBIT 10.8 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 10
 boty_ex109.htm
 SPA AUCTUS BOTY
 
 boty_ex109.htm EXHIBIT 10.9 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of October 31, 2022, by and between LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. , a Nevada corporation, with headquarters located at 6955 North Durango Drive, Suite 1115-129, Las Vegas, NV 89149 (the Company ), and AUCTUS FUND, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, with its address at 545 Boylston Street, 2nd Floor, Boston, MA 02116 (the Buyer ). WHEREAS: A. The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; and B. Buyer desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 18,520.00 (as the principal amount thereof may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ), convertible into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; and C. The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto; and D. The Company wishes to issue to the Warrants (as defined below) to the Buyer as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, exercisable into shares of Common Stock, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein. NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 1. Purchase and Sale of Note. a. Purchase of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. b. Form of Payment. On or before the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 18,520.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note and Warrants on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. The Company acknowledges that the Buyer paid the Purchase Price to the Company on or around October 5, 2022. c. Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. d. Closing . The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 1 1A. Warrants. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the first common stock purchase warrant to Buyer to purchase 37,040,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the First Warrant upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such First Warrant as well as issue the second common stock purchase warrant to Buyer to purchase 37,040,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the Second Warrant , and collectively with the First Warrant, the Warrants upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Second Warrant. 2. Buyer s Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: a. Investment Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrants (the Note, Warrants, shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares ), and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants (the Exercise Shares shall collectively be referred to herein as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. b. Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited Investor ). c. Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. d. Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. e. Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 2 f. Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Rule 144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation S ), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be inform, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. g. Legends. The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrants, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust Company DTC ), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section 4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. h. Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of equity. 3 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: a. Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. b. Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrants, the Note, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, Warrants, as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this Agreement and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. c. Capitalization; Governing Documents. As of October 31, 2022, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 5,000,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock, of which 3,711,714,036 shares were issued and outstanding, and 10,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock (of which 51 shares of Series A preferred stock were issued and outstanding). All of such outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company, the Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws ), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. 4 d. Issuance of Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. e. Issuance of Warrants. The issuance of the Warrants are duly authorized and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. f. Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company. g. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares as applicable. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. 5 h. SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to June 30, 2022, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i). i. Absence of Certain Changes . Since June 30, 2022, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. j. Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. k. Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. l. No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6 m. Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority. n. Transactions with Affiliates. Except for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. o. Disclosure. All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). p. Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. q. No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. r. No Brokers; No Solicitation. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. 7 s. Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since June 30, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. t. Environmental Matters. (i) There are, to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder. (ii) Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its Subsidiaries business. (iii) There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are not in compliance with applicable law. u. Title to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto, or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 8 v. Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage. w. Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. x. Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. y. Solvency. The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company s financial statements for its most recent fiscal year end and interim financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. z. No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. aa. No Off Balance Sheet Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 9 bb. No Disqualification Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. cc. Manipulation of Price . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company. dd. Bank Holding Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. ee. Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge, any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. ff. Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . a. Best Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. b. Form D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. c. Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for business development, and not for (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (ii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations), (iii) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (iv) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation. d. Right of Participation and First Refusal . (i) Other than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly, offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have first complied with this Section 4(d). 10 (ii) The Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent Placement (in each case, an Offer ). (iii) To accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice (the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ). The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions (including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. e. Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Buyer s election. f. Restriction on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion of the Note and exercise of the Warrants, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business. 11 g. Listing. The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation systems. h. Corporate Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE MKT. i. No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities. j. Breach of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.3 of the Note. k. Compliance with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, Warrants, or any Exercise Shares, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company shall (i) fail for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public Information Failure then, as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to three percent (3 of the Purchase Price on each of the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the date such Public Information Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(k) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. l. [Intentionally Omitted] . m. Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information . By 9:00 a.m., New York time, following the date this Agreement has been fully executed, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K (if required) describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the form required by the 1934 Act and attaching this Agreement, the form of Note (the 8-K Filing ). From and after the filing of the 8-K Filing with the SEC, the Buyer shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information received from the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents that is not disclosed in the 8-K Filing. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and the Buyer or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate. 12 n. Legal Counsel Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly supplying to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such other applicable exemption are satisfied). In addition, the Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never take the position that it is a shell company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. o. Piggyback Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth on Exhibit B hereto. p. Most Favored Nation . While the Note or any principal amount, interest or fees or expenses due thereunder remain outstanding and unpaid, the Company shall not enter into any public or private offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other Investor that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect to such Other Investor than the rights and benefits established in favor of the Buyer by this Agreement or the Note unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits pursuant to a definitive written agreement or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. q. Subsequent Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. r. [Intentionally Omitted] . s. Non-Public Information . The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such Buyer s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8- K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 13 t. D O Insurance . Within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company's (including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18 months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 5. Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants as and when required by the Note, Warrants, and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 6. Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 14 d. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 7. Conditions to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. b. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Warrants to the Buyer. d. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. e. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. f. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. g. No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. h. Trading in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. i. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction, as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated hereby. 8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous. a. Governing Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or in the federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 15 b. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. c. Construction; Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. d. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. e. Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. f. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 16 If to the Company, to: LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. 6955 North Durango Drive, Suite 1115-129 Las Vegas, NV 89149 Attention: Shaun Donnelly e-mail: shaun@lingeriefc.com If to the Buyer: AUCTUS FUND, LLC 545 Boylston Street, 2nd Floor Boston, MA 02116 g. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. h. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. i. Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. j. Publicity. The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however , that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). k. Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. l. No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 17 m. Indemnification . In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law. n. Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. o. Payment Set Aside . To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer enforces or exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action). p. Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. [Signature Page Follows] 18 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. LINGERIE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIPS, INC. By: Name: SHAUN DONNELLY Title: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AUCTUS FUND, LLC By: Name: LOU POSNER Title: MANAGING DIRECTOR SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: Principal Amount of Note: 18,520.00 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 18,520.00 19 EXHIBIT A FORM OF NOTE [attached hereto] 20 EXHIBIT B REGISTRATION RIGHTS All of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached. 1. Piggy-Back Registration . 1.1 Piggy-Back Rights . If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC). 1.2 Withdrawal . Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 1.3 The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 1.4 The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish the Company with such information. 21 1.5 All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 1.6 The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 1.7 If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. [End of Exhibit B] 22 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 boty_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 boty_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Shaun Donnelly, President of Lingerie Fighting Championship, Inc. certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Lingerie Fighting Championship, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure control and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: July 18, 2023 /s/ Shaun Donnelly, Shaun Donnelly, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 boty_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 boty_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Lingerie Fighting Championship, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10- K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the "Report"), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: July 18, 2023 /s/ Shaun Donnelly, Shaun Donnelly, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 boty-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 boty-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 boty-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 boty-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

