<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230829_10-K_edgar_data_1786352_0001786352-23-000054.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16453578</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1155536</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2867100</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5898636</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3359032</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2823440</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001786352-23-000054.hdr.sgml : 20230829
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230829160526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001786352-23-000054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		153
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230829
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230829

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BILL Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001786352
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				832661725
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39149
		FILM NUMBER:		231221940

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6220 AMERICA CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 621-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6220 AMERICA CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bill.com Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001786352-23-000054.txt : 20230829

10-K
 1
 bill-20230630.htm
 10-K

bill-20230630 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ________ TO ________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ___________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the Registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the Registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on December 31, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) as reported by The New York Stock Exchange on December 31, 2022, was approximately billion. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding as of August 22, 2023 was . 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 53 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 54 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 56 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 57 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 75 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 78 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 127 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 127 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 128 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 130 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 129 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 129 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 129 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 129 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 129 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 130 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 131 
 Signatures 
 132 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, will, potentially, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, would, project, target, plan, expect, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our fiscal year end is June 30. Our fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 , 2022 , and 2021 are referred to herein as fiscal 2023 , fiscal 2022 , and fiscal 2021, respectively. 
 Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit, operating expenses, including changes in research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses (including any components of the foregoing), and our ability to achieve and maintain, future profitability; 
 our business plan and our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 our market opportunity, including our total addressable market; 
 our international expansion plans and ability to expand internationally; 
 anticipated trends, growth rates, and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate; 
 beliefs and objectives for future operations; 
 our ability to further attract, retain, and expand our customer base; 
 our ability to develop new products and services and bring them to market in a timely manner; 
 the effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations; 
 our expectations concerning relationships with third parties, including partners; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property; 
 the effects of increased competition in our markets and our ability to compete effectively; 
 economic downturns or recessions, inflation, fluctuations in market interest rates and currency exchange rates, supply chain shortages, instability in the U.S. and global banking systems, and the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and their impact on our customers, partners, vendors, employees, results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition; 
 future acquisitions or investments in complementary companies, products, services, or technologies; 
 our ability to stay in compliance with laws and regulations that currently apply or become applicable to our business; 
 economic and industry trends, projected growth, or trend analysis; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified talent; 
 the increased expenses associated with being a public company; and 
 the future market prices of our common stock. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to 
 1 

differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words "we," "us," and "our" refer to BILL Holdings, Inc. (formerly, Bill.com Holdings, Inc.) (BILL), together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Bill.com, LLC (BILL standalone), DivvyPay, LLC (Divvy), and Invoice2go, LLC and Cimrid Pty, Ltd (together, Invoice2go), unless the context requires otherwise. 
 2 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to make it simple to connect and do business. 
 We are a leader in financial automation software for small and midsize businesses (SMBs). As a champion of SMBs, we are automating the future of finance so businesses can thrive. Hundreds of thousands of businesses rely on BILL to more efficiently control their payables, receivables, and spend and expense management. Our network connects millions of members so they can pay or get paid faster. Headquartered in San Jose, California, we are a trusted partner of leading U.S. financial institutions, accounting firms, and accounting software providers. 
 BILL's purpose-built, artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled financial software platform creates seamless connections between our customers, their suppliers, and their clients. Businesses use our platform to generate and process invoices, streamline approvals, make and receive payments, manage employee expenses, sync with their accounting systems, foster collaboration, and manage their cash. We have built sophisticated integrations with popular accounting software solutions, banks, card issuers, and payment processors, enabling our customers to access these mission-critical services quickly and easily. Divvy, a BILL company, provides a solution for businesses to have smart corporate cards, build budgets, manage payments, and eliminate the need for manual expense reports. 
 As of June 30, 2023, more than 460,000 businesses used our solutions and processed 266 billion in Total Payment Volume (TPV) during fiscal 2023. As of June 30, 2023, approximately 5.8 million network members have paid or received funds electronically using our platform. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Business Metrics for definitions and a detailed discussion of our key business metrics. 
 
 Our Solution 
 Our platform automates the SMB back office and enables businesses using our solutions to pay their suppliers and collect payments from their clients, in effect acting as a system of control for their accounts payable, accounts receivable, and spend and expense management activities. As a result, our platform frees businesses using our solutions from cumbersome legacy financial processes and provides the following key benefits: 
 Automated and Efficient. Our AI-enabled platform helps businesses using our solutions pay their bills efficiently and get paid faster. We provide tools that streamline the transaction lifecycle by automating data capture and entry, routing bills for approval, and detecting duplicate invoices. 
 Integrated and Accurate. We provide an end-to-end platform that connects businesses using our solutions to their suppliers and clients. Our platform integrates with accounting software, banks, card issuers, and payment processors, enabling businesses using our solutions to access all of these mission-critical partners easily. Because we provide a comprehensive view, customers can more easily find inconsistencies and inaccuracies, and fix them quickly. 
 Digital and Secure. We enable secure connections and storage of sensitive supplier and client information and documents, such as invoices and contracts, and make them accessible to authorized users on any device, from anywhere. 
 Visible and Transparent. With our solutions, customers can easily view their transaction workflows, create budgets, and manage spend, enabling them to gain deeper insight into their financial operations, and manage their cash flows. 
 3 

What Sets Us Apart 
 Purpose-Built for SMBs. Our platform provides SMBs with core functionality and value-added services generally reserved for larger companies. Through our cloud-based desktop and mobile applications, SMBs can connect and do business from anywhere, any time. Our platform offers a variety of payment solutions which enhances the experience for both buyers and suppliers in a transaction. 
 Diverse Distribution Channels. We leverage both direct and indirect channels - accounting firms, financial institution partners, and accounting software integrations - to efficiently go-to-market. 
 Large and Growing Network. As accounts receivable customers issue invoices, and accounts payable customers pay bills, they connect to their clients and suppliers, driving a powerful network effect. This aids our customer acquisition efforts by increasing the number of businesses connected to our platform, which then become prospects. 
 Large Data Asset. We have a large data asset as a result of processing millions of documents and billions of dollars in business payments annually for businesses using our solutions. By leveraging our machine learning capabilities, we generate insights from this data that drive product innovation. 
 Proprietary Risk Management Expertise. Leveraging our data, our proprietary risk engine has trained upon millions of business-to-business ACH, check, card, and wire transactions, enabling us to keep businesses using our solutions funds secure. 
 Experienced Management Team and Vibrant Culture. Our management team has deep experience with SMBs, software-as-a-service companies, AI, accounting firms, and financial institutions. We have built a unique culture that resonates with employees, as evidenced by our highly competitive, low attrition rates. 
 
 Our Platform 
 Our purpose-built platform leverages the fact that we can see both sides of a transaction and can easily connect both transaction parties and promote the rapid exchange of information and funds, with strong network effects and greater monetization opportunities as more customers adopt our platform. Our platform also expands the ability of businesses using our solutions to budget for, monitor, and approve employee expenses across organizations of all sizes, all in real-time. 
 Accounts Payable Automation 
 Our accounts payable automation service streamlines the entire payables process, from the receipt of a bill, through the approvals workflow, to the payment and synchronization with the accounting system. Here are some highlights of our service: 
 Visibility at a glance Through our platform, businesses using our solutions gain a comprehensive view of their cash inflows and outflows. 
 Document management BILL automatically assigns a dedicated email address to each customer to provide to its suppliers. Suppliers use that email address to send invoices to the customer s dedicated BILL inbox. Alternatively, scanned invoices can be uploaded directly through our application. Once uploaded, we store the bills securely, linking them to the associated supplier. With a single click, customers can use our search feature to scan documents quickly and resolve open questions. Our document management capabilities help businesses using our solutions make payment decisions, answer supplier questions, and provide support to accountants and auditors. 
 Intelligent bill capture We have automated the capture of data from bills by leveraging our proprietary AI capabilities. Incoming bills are machine-read, and critical data fields, including due date, amount, and supplier name, are prepopulated. The customer's Accounts Payable staff can review the result and make any adjustments required, and our platform routes the bill internally for approval. 
 4 

Digital workflows and approvals Our platform speeds approval processes through policy-driven workflows. Much of this activity takes place while people are on-the-go: one of the top three uses of our mobile app is bill approvals. Our platform proactively suggests payment dates based upon a bill s due date, helping customers avoid late payment penalty fees. Businesses using our solutions assign each user a role: administrator, payor, approver, clerk, or accountant. Each role has its own entitlements to ensure appropriate checks and balances in the back office. 
 Collaboration and engagement Our platform promotes collaboration. Our in-app messaging capabilities make communications between businesses using our solutions and their employees, vendors, and clients, easy. For example, BILL allows administrators and payors to remind approvers to act, or delegate payment authority when a key employee is unavailable. Our platform creates a clear audit trail that becomes invaluable in the event of an audit, or for tax compliance. 
 Accounts Receivable Automation 
 Our accounts receivable service automates the entire process, from the creation of an invoice and delivery to the client, to funds collection and synchronization back to the accounting system. Here are some highlights of our service: 
 Easy invoicing Using a simple template, customers can easily create electronic invoices on our platform and insert their own logos to customize them. If required, our platform also enables the printing and mailing of paper invoices. Many accounts receivable customers take advantage of our recurring invoice feature. 
 Digital workflows and visibility Our platform automates and simplifies electronic invoice creation, delivery, and collection of funds. Using our progress bar, customers have complete visibility into the accounts receivable process. When both trading partners are in the network, businesses using our solutions can see when their invoices are delivered, opened, authorized to be paid, and when payment was received. Invoices and supporting documents like contracts are readily accessible and notes can be entered for future reference. 
 Collaboration and engagement To make paying an invoice easy, we offer a customizable, branded client payment portal. Clients receive a link to an electronic invoice accessible on the Bill.com site. From this portal, the client can make a payment via ACH or credit card within seconds. For reference purposes, the client has ongoing access to bills and associated payments within the portal. Just like our accounts payable service, our in-app collaboration tools make communications between the accounts receivable customer and its clients easy and trackable. 
 Spend and Expense Management 
 With Divvy, spending businesses gain robust spend and expense management tools, helping them spend smarter. Our spend and expense management product provides businesses full visibility into their spend, by giving businesses the ability to issue any employee their own Divvy card. Every card provides access to charge card lines originated through our card issuing partner banks (Issuing Banks) and is linked to proactive spend controls: managers control their budgets by team through the assignment of individual permissions. Employees can request funds from their phones, and budget owners or admins can approve or deny spend requests on-the-go from a push notification to their phone. Spending businesses can leverage a single, centralized budget or opt for a more sophisticated scenario, where budgets are established by department, team, or project. Rather than building a business budgeting strategy using outdated numbers in a static spreadsheet, our budgeting software syncs automatically with the employee's Mastercard or Visa cards, while also facilitating reimbursements and vendor spend. With Divvy s intuitive web and mobile applications, budget owners can drill down into spending by department, team, project, or individual. Whether on-the-go or in the office, an SMB can view up-to-date spend against budgets, so they always know where they stand. 
 We market Divvy cards to potential spending businesses and issue business-purpose charge cards through our partnerships with Issuing Banks. When a business applies for a Divvy card, we utilize, on behalf of the Issuing Bank, proprietary risk management capabilities to confirm the identity of the business, and perform a credit underwriting process to determine if the business is eligible for a Divvy card pursuant to our credit 
 5 

policies. Once approved for a Divvy card, the spending business is provided a credit limit and can use the Divvy software to request virtual cards or physical cards. 
 Payment Services 
 Our suite of comprehensive payment services includes: 
 ACH payments We enable ACH transactions for both disbursements and collections. Our network makes it simple to make the switch from paper checks. 
 Card payments Through a third party, we offer businesses using our accounts receivable solutions the convenience of accepting credit and debit card payments. In addition, we enable virtual card payments to vendors of businesses using our account payable solutions and who have elected to accept card payments. Virtual cards support faster payments to suppliers, which includes the data needed to easily match incoming payments with open receivables. Through card issuing partners, Divvy provides both physical and virtual Mastercard and Visa cards to companies that enroll in its business spend and expense management program. 
 Real-time payments (RTP) Through The Clearing House s RTP network, a real-time payments platform, we offer an instant transfer service to allow businesses using our solutions to disburse funds rapidly to meet urgent funding needs. We also facilitate near real-time payments to customers debit cards via a service offered with a partner. 
 Checks We issue checks if our customer prefers or is contractually obligated to pay via this method. By design, we protect our SMB customers against check fraud by never disclosing their bank account details to a supplier and by reviewing every check presented against a check issue file to detect and prevent check fraud. 
 Cross-border payments We simplify cross-border disbursements by facilitating electronic funds transfers around the world with our International Payments service. Payments can be issued in either U.S. or foreign currency, and our platform synchronizes with customers accounting software for a consolidated view of domestic and international outflows. We offer our U.S.-based customers the ability to disburse funds to over 130 countries worldwide. 
 Pay By Card Our Pay By Card feature allows businesses using our solutions to make payments using a credit or debit card, even if the vendor or contractor does not accept card payments. We process the payment with the business' credit or debit card provider, then we pay the vendor or contractor via ACH ePayment or check depending on the business' preference. 
 Invoice financing We, through a partnership with a third party, enable businesses easier access to cash by allowing them to finance outstanding invoices. For a small origination fee, businesses using our solutions can receive cash immediately instead of waiting for their invoices to be paid. 
 Value-Added Services 
 Two-way sync with leading accounting systems Our platform automatically synchronizes customers, suppliers, general ledger accounts, and transactions with an SMB s accounting system to automate reconciliation. We are integrated with several of the most popular business accounting software applications, including QuickBooks, Oracle NetSuite, Sage Intacct, Xero, and Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central. Our two-way synchronization capabilities virtually eliminate double data-entry, as our platform and the customer s accounting software continuously keep each other updated. Customers who use other types of systems use our advanced file import/export capabilities to minimize data entry activities. 
 Purchase order (PO) matching We sync POs directly from accounting software systems, including Oracle NetSuite and Sage Intacct, and QuickBooks Desktop into our platform. Users can compare POs and invoices on one screen, then route bills for approval and payment seamlessly in the same workflow. This eliminates the need to switch between systems for two-way matching and reduces the back-and-forth communication between PO creators and accounts payable managers. 
 6 

Frequent status updates We provide timely status updates of financial inflows and outflows by providing status updates of all transactions on a regular basis. Through our workflow progress bars on each page, businesses using our solutions can see who has approved an invoice and what approvals remain, the status of each payment, and the date transactions are expected to clear. 
 Treasury services Our platform integrates advanced treasury services tools that are normally either not offered to or are costly for SMBs. Examples include: 
 the positive pay feature we employ to ensure only authorized payment transactions are processed; 
 a streamlined void and reissue function when an in-process payment needs to be cancelled; and 
 the cleared check images we make available to enable businesses using our solutions to confirm payment receipt and facilitate research. 
 Custom user roles Our platform enables customers to define custom user roles. These roles can be used to expand or limit each user s access to the platform and core financial operations functions. For example, a customer can temporarily enable its auditors or tax preparers to access our platform using a custom role that allows them to view source documents in support of the services they are providing, but not have access to other confidential documents or information. 
 Document discovery With our advanced document management capabilities, a customer can easily search for an uploaded document and search its data elements, regardless of how old it is, or how long it has been in our system. Businesses using our solutions utilize this feature when deciding whether to pay a given bill or re-issue an invoice, or in determining who authorized a certain payment. 
 Integrated, robust mobile functionality Our mobile-native apps, available in both iOS and Android, are easy to adopt and use. Through our apps, businesses using our solutions can manage their transaction workflows, send an invoice, make payments on-the-go, and manage spend. 
 Partner Integrations 
 Accounting firms use our platform to provide financial automation, bill payment, and client advisory services, or CAS, to their clients. Our platform empowers accountants with a purpose-built console to collaborate with their staff and clients across multiple workflows enabling them to be more strategic and serve more clients. 
 We provide our financial institution partners a technology platform that enables a white-label integration with their existing business banking services. We deliver single sign-on, multi-factor authentication, integrated provisioning, and entitlement of new accounts, as well as integration with required compliance systems. Transactions are synchronized automatically between the financial institution s platform and ours, keeping the customer s view current and consistent. 
 In addition to our white-labeled solution, we support a broad range of partners and customers with our platform application programming interfaces (APIs). These APIs allow our partners to integrate our platform seamlessly into their solutions, create web or mobile apps that integrate with ours, or leverage our payments capabilities. Through our APIs, developers can: 
 interact with business entities, like suppliers and clients; 
 obtain summary-level reports, such as payables and receivables reports; and 
 interact with accounting details, such as the general ledger codes of the chart of accounts. 
 7 

Our Unique Data Asset 
 BILL's total payment volume and number of documents processed for businesses using our solutions provides us with a unique data asset. This asset has allowed us to build powerful AI capabilities. The data provides a view into customer transactions and operational status of various payment processes, which enables us not only to effectively manage risk exposure but also to provide businesses using our solutions with enhanced tools, such as automatically populating drafts of bills, to save time and simplify their operations. Our system continues to learn with each payment made and document processed. This virtuous cycle of learning powers a network effect that facilitates customer satisfaction, offers intelligent insights, improves trust and safety, and fuels further growth. 
 
 Our Network 
 Through our AI-enabled platform, businesses using our solutions can easily connect with existing network members. The benefit of being in the network is simple: customers connect with others to pay and be paid electronically, freeing them from the need to solicit or share bank account and routing numbers with each trading partner individually. The process of adding bank account details to our platform is easy and secure. For example, when a supplier of an accounts payable customer receives an invitation to join our network, the supplier can accept and securely share its bank account details once with BILL. From that point onward, all payments to that supplier will be electronic. 
 Once in the network, other BILL customers can easily link to that same supplier without the supplier having to repeat this process again. This approach to connecting businesses has allowed us to build a robust and growing business-to-business payments directory, which includes approximately 5.8 million network members as of June 30, 2023. We define network members as our BILL standalone customers plus their suppliers and clients, who have paid or received funds electronically via our platform. These network effects promote greater adoption of our platform, higher levels of engagement, and increased value across our ecosystem. 
 Payment and Risk Management Services 
 Our payments engine powers our payment services. Through dedicated connections with banks and payment processors, we issue checks, initiate card-based transactions, originate ACH-based payments, including real-time payments, through our instant transfer feature, and execute wire transfers. Our payments engine handles all aspects of payment file transfers, exception file handling, and required payment status reporting. We have redundancy across our core payment methods such that if there is an outage with one payment processor, we can direct payments to an alternative provider. 
 Through our risk engine, we use both proprietary and third-party tools to assess, detect, and mitigate financial risk associated with the payment volume that we process. Throughout the transaction lifecycle, we monitor data and payments to ensure that we are safeguarding our customers, their suppliers and clients, and our company. When a bank account is added to the platform, we validate that the bank account is held at a U.S.-domiciled financial institution, is associated with the organization adding the account, and is in good standing. 
 When customers use our services, we monitor key activities looking for signals that would indicate anomalies that could create risk exposure and need to be investigated. Our risk engine analyzes many unique data elements to score transactions. Those that score above our thresholds are routed to trained risk agents for manual review. Agents have the latitude to contact customers to gather further information, or if a financial risk is imminent, to prevent funds from leaving our system until any suspicious activity can be resolved. 
 Once a payment transaction is processed, we continue to manage our exposure. We have extensive contacts in the banking industry, and we utilize these to reverse payments when possible. If a suspicious or fraudulent payment cannot be reversed, we follow a rigorous collections process to recover funds. 
 This risk management process gets progressively more insightful as our data set gets larger and our AI-enabled risk engine gets smarter. This is an advantage that we expect to continue to grow over time. Our success in managing the risk inherent in moving funds for business customers is proven. As a percentage of our 
 8 

TPV, fraud and credit loss rates for our BILL standalone payment services were nominal, less than 0.01 for each of fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. As a percentage of total card payment volume transacted by spending businesses that use Divvy cards, fraud and credit loss rate was approximately 0.28 for fiscal 2023. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Business Metrics for a detailed discussion of our key business metrics. 
 Security, Privacy, and Data Protection 
 Trust is important for our relationship with customers and partners, and we take significant measures designed to protect their privacy and the data that they provide to us. Keeping our customers data safe and secure is a high priority. Our approach to security includes data governance as well as ongoing testing for potential security issues. 
 We have robust access controls in our production environment with access to data strictly assigned, monitored, and audited. To ensure our controls remain up-to-date, we undergo continuous external testing for vulnerabilities within our software architecture. These efforts have enabled us to certify our platform to SOC1 Type II, SOC2 Type II, and SOC3 standards. Our security program is aligned to the NIST-800-53 standards and is regularly audited and assessed by third parties as well as our partners, including some of the largest banks in the world. 
 The focus of our program is working to prevent unauthorized access to the data of our customers and network members. To this end, our team of security practitioners work to identify and mitigate risks, implement best practices, and continue to evaluate ways to improve. 
 These steps include close attention to network security, classifying and inventorying data, limiting and authorizing access controls, and multi-factor authentication for access to systems. We also employ regular system monitoring, logging, and alerting to retain and analyze the security state of our corporate and production infrastructures. 
 We take steps to help ensure that our security measures are maintained by the third-party suppliers we use, including conducting annual security reviews and audits. 
 
 Competition 
 Our primary competition remains the legacy manual processes that SMBs have relied upon for decades. Other competitors range from large firms that predominantly focus on selling to enterprises, to providers of point solutions that focus exclusively on one of the many aspects of our business: document management, workflow management, accounts payable solutions, spend and expense management, card issuance, or accounts receivable solutions; to companies that offer industry-specific payment solutions. 
 We differentiate ourselves from our competitors by offering a portfolio of financial back-office solutions that handle all of these core cash flow activities end-to-end. Our extensive investment in building a fully-integrated two-way sync with popular accounting software providers is well-regarded in the industry. With respect to the domestic payments that comprise the bulk of our business, we disburse and collect funds on behalf of our customers through our proprietary payments engine. We manage the associated financial risk of processing billions in total payment volume through our proprietary risk models and rules. 
 We believe that the key competitive factors in our market include: 
 Product features, quality, and functionality; 
 Data asset size and ability to leverage AI; 
 Ease of deployment; 
 Ease of integration with leading accounting and banking technology infrastructures; 
 Ability to automate processes; 
 Cloud-based delivery architecture; 
 Advanced security and control features; 
 9 

Regulatory compliance leadership, as evidenced by our money transmitter licenses in all required U.S. jurisdictions and in Canada; 
 Brand recognition; and 
 Pricing and total cost of ownership. 
 We compare favorably with our competitors on the basis of these factors. We expect the market for SMB back-office financial software and business-to-business payment solutions to continue to evolve and grow, as greater numbers of SMBs and larger businesses digitize their back offices. We believe that we are well-positioned to help them. 
 
 Research Development 
 We invest substantial time, energy, and resources to ensure we have a deep understanding of our customers needs, and we continually innovate to deliver value-added products and services. Our technology organization consists of engineering, product, and design teams. These teams are responsible for the design, development, and testing of our applications. We focus our efforts on developing new functionality and further enhancing the usability, reliability, and performance of existing applications. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We distribute our platform through direct and indirect sales channels, both of which we leverage to reach our target customers in an efficient manner. Our direct sales are driven by a self-service process and an inside sales team. Our inside sales team augments our direct sales capabilities by targeting potential customers that have engaged with us on their own. 
 We also reach customers indirectly through our partnerships with accounting firms, financial institutions, and accounting software providers. While these partners sometimes require an initial integration investment, a go-to-market flywheel takes effect as our partners accelerate the delivery of our platform across their customer base with minimal incremental investment from us. 
 We focus our marketing efforts on generating leads to develop our sales pipeline, building brand and category awareness, enabling our go-to-market partners, and growing our business from within our existing customers. Our sales leads primarily come through word-of-mouth, our accounting firm partners, and website searches. We generate additional leads through digital marketing campaigns, referrals, in-product customer education, brand advertising, public relations, and social media. 
 As part of our marketing efforts for our spend and expense management solution, we offer a card rewards program to drive card adoption, incent card usage, and drive card loyalty with spending businesses. Under the card rewards program, spending businesses can earn rewards based on transaction volume on the cards issued to them and can redeem those rewards mainly for statement credits or cash, travel, and gift cards. 
 
 Customer Success 
 SMBs have unique needs and customer support contact expectations. With more than a decade of experience supporting our product, our customer success team has a deep understanding of their needs and has developed our support model accordingly. We recognize and understand deep customer spending and behavior patterns because we see the aggregate millions of transactions per month. We use what we learn to continuously improve the platform and the customer experience. We provide onboarding implementation support, as well as ongoing support and training. We periodically contact businesses using our solutions to discuss their utilization of our platform, highlight additional features that may interest them, and identify any additional tools that may be needed. 
 
 Regulatory Environment 
 We operate in a rapidly-evolving regulatory environment. 
 10 

Payments and Banking Regulation 
 In order to conduct the payment services we offer, we are required to be licensed to offer money transmission services in most U.S. states. We have procured and maintain money transmitter licenses that are required in 50 U.S. jurisdictions and actively work to comply with new license requirements as they arise. We are also registered as a Money Services Business with the U.S. Department of Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). These licenses and registrations subject us, among other things, to anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing requirements, the U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) sanctions obligations, record-keeping requirements, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, minimum capital requirements, limitations on the investment of customer funds, and regulatory examinations by state and federal regulatory agencies. 
 We also hold a Foreign Money Services Business (FMSB) license in Canada that is administered by The Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada (FINTRAC) and a Money Services Business License administered by Quebec's Autorit Des March s Financiers (Financial Markets Authority). Global Affairs Canada and Canada's Department of Public Safety administer Canadian sanctions programs and oversee our compliance with these regulations. 
 We are contractually obligated to comply with Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) federal banking regulations, as well as with Visa and MasterCard rules, as a card program manager for the card program management banks (CPMB) for our card product offerings. As a card program manager for the CPMBs, we have implemented compliance programs designed to ensure we are in compliance with applicable banking regulations and the Visa and MasterCard network rules. The CPMBs oversee our compliance program and conduct periodic audits to ensure compliance with applicable regulations and rules. We are also subject to the examination and enforcement authority of the FDIC under the Bank Service Company Act in our capacity as program manager to the CPMBs for our card product offerings. 
 In addition, we are subject to FDIC oversight through the provision of FDIC insured business deposit accounts provided by a regulated bank in relation to certain Invoice2Go products. 
 We maintain loan origination, brokering, and servicing licenses through our subsidiaries in a number of U.S. states and actively work to comply with new license requirements as they arise. 
 Our services utilize ACH transfers and require compliance with National Automated Clearing House Association rules. We are required to comply with Regulation E, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, which regulates certain funds transfers. 
 We are procuring state lending, brokering, and servicing licenses to support lending products. We also partner with a FDIC and State of Utah regulated bank to offer lending products originated by such bank and may originate loans using our own licenses in the future. The lending products and services subject us to state and federal lending regulations including, but not limited to Fair Lending, state specific lending disclosures, and Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts and Practices and Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices requirements. 
 Anti-money Laundering, Counter-terrorist Financing, and Sanctions. 
 As a Money Services Business and a licensed money transmitter we are subject to U.S. anti-money laundering (AML) laws and regulations, including under the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended (BSA), and similar U.S. state laws and regulations, and as a Foreign Money Service Business (MSB) in Canada we are subject to various AML laws and regulations in Canada. In addition, we are required to comply with U.S. economic and trade sanctions administered by OFAC, as well as similar requirements in other jurisdictions, including, among others, the Canadian Proceeds of Crime and Terrorist Financing Act and the Australian Sanctions Regime. We have implemented an AML and sanctions compliance program designed to prevent our platform from being used to facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, and other financial crimes. Where we rely on partners for payment services, our partners have implemented AML and sanctions compliance programs. These compliance programs include policies, procedures, reporting protocols, systems, training, testing, independent audits, and internal controls designed to address these legal and regulatory requirements and to assist in managing the risks associated with money laundering. Our United States (U.S.) compliance program includes the designation of a BSA compliance officer to oversee the program. These programs are also designed to manage terrorist financing risks and to comply with sanctions requirements to prevent our products from being used to facilitate 
 11 

business in certain countries, or with certain persons or entities, including those on designated lists promulgated by OFAC and relevant foreign authorities. 
 Data Protection and Information Security 
 We receive, store, process, and use a wide variety of personal, business, and financial information from prospective customers, existing customers, their vendors, and other users on our platform, as well as personal information about our employees and service providers. Our handling of this data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations. In the U.S. we are subject to privacy and information safeguarding requirements under the Graham Leach Bliley Act and state laws relating to privacy and data security, including the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. We are also subject to foreign laws and regulations governing the handling of personal data, including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the United Kingdom's GDPR, Australian and Canadian privacy laws, and the privacy laws of other foreign jurisdictions. 
 Regulatory scrutiny of privacy, data protection, cybersecurity practices, and the processing of personal data is increasing around the world. Regulatory authorities regularly consider new legislative and regulatory proposals and interpretive guidelines that may contain privacy and data protection obligations. In addition, the interpretation and application of these privacy and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe, and elsewhere are often uncertain and in a state of flux. 
 Anti-corruption 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. domestic bribery laws, and other anti-corruption laws in the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, including, among others, Australia's anti-bribery laws, the Canadian Criminal Code, and the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act. Anti-corruption laws generally prohibit offering, promising, giving, accepting, or authorizing others to provide anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to or from a government official or private party in order to influence official action or otherwise gain an unfair business advantage, such as to obtain or retain business. We have implemented policies, procedures, and internal controls that are designed to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 Additional Regulatory Developments 
 Various regulatory agencies in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions continue to examine a wide variety of issues which are applicable to us and may impact our business. These issues include identity theft, account management guidelines, privacy, disclosure rules, cybersecurity, and marketing. As our business continues to develop and expand, we continue to monitor the additional rules and regulations that may become relevant. 
 Any actual or perceived failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements may result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses or registrations, loss of approved status, private litigation, regulatory or governmental investigations, administrative enforcement actions, sanctions, civil and criminal liability, and constraints on our ability to continue to operate. For additional discussion on governmental regulation affecting our business, please see the risk factors related to regulation of our payments business and regulation in the areas of privacy and data use, under the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Industry . 
 
 Environmental, Corporate Governance, and Social (ESG) Oversight and Initiatives 
 ESG Management 
 We are committed to helping build a more sustainable future for businesses using our solutions, as well as for their communities, and stakeholders. We take this commitment seriously and will continue to provide transparent disclosures on the progress of this work through both our internal and external communications. Our executive leadership team sponsors and funds our ESG programs, with our board of directors exercising ultimate oversight. Guided by best practices, feedback we receive from our stockholders, and third-party frameworks such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Software IT Services standards, we are focused on the initiatives described below. 
 12 

Our Culture and Employees 
 Our culture enables us to attract and retain exceptional talent. We center our culture around five values which are core to who we are, guide how we operate, define how we treat each other, and help make our teams strong, cohesive units: 
 Humble No ego; 
 Authentic We are who we are; 
 Passionate Love what you do; 
 Accountable To each other and our network; and 
 Fun Celebrate the moments. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had a total of 2,521 employees working across three offices in the U.S.: San Jose, CA, Houston, TX, and Draper, UT; one office in Sydney, Australia; and others working remotely. We also employ individuals on a temporary basis and use the services of contractors as necessary. None of our employees are represented by a labor union in connection with their employment. 
 
 We know our success is tied to recruiting, developing, and retaining our employees. Our Chief People Officer is responsible for creating and implementing our initiatives around our employees and our board of directors has ultimate oversight and receives updates on these initiatives periodically. 
 
 We leverage data and analytics to align the recruiting function to business growth and revenue drivers. We are committed to providing a fair and equitable compensation and benefits program that supports our diverse workforce. BILL offers market-competitive base salaries, semi-annual bonuses, and sales incentives. The majority of our employees are awarded equity at the time of hire and through annual equity refresh grants. We also offer an employee stock purchase plan to foster a strong sense of ownership and engage our employees in our long-term success. Our full-time employees are eligible to receive, subject to the satisfaction of certain eligibility requirements, our comprehensive benefits package, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, family planning support and fertility treatments, and life and income protection plans. In addition, we provide generous paid time-off policies, access to free mental health services, and offer a tax-qualified 401(k) retirement plan. Through the self-directed brokerage features of the plan, participants in the 401(k) plan can choose to invest their contributions in funds focused on their particular goals and preferences, including having options of funds that are focused on their particular goals and preferences, such as ESG matters. 
 
 We develop our leaders and high-potential employees through intensive, cohort-based, key talent programs. We offer training for new people managers. To facilitate ongoing learning and development, we provide employees with an online curriculum of study, linked to business needs, leveraging a third-party platform. The curriculum includes coursework in inclusion, change management, and decision-making. All employees are eligible and participate in developmental reviews with their managers. We conduct performance review cycles twice a year. 
 
 To keep a pulse on engagement, we survey our employees semi-annually. Employees respond anonymously, and we take action on the areas flagged for improvement, reporting back to the employee base on progress against stated improvement goals. We closely monitor employee turnover, conducting exit interviews and surveys to alert us to any issues, as well as to make improvements to the employee experience. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 
 Through an equitable approach to hiring, compensation, and career growth, we have built a company that fosters inclusivity, authenticity, and action. We seek to embed a sense of inclusion and social responsibility into our culture and how we serve the businesses using our solutions. Our Vice President of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) is building a strategy that helps us accelerate our progress across four key pillars: 
 
 cultivating a respectful and accessible workplace where every employee feels they belong; 
 increasing diverse representation at all levels and functions of the company; 
 supporting our diverse customers needs through our products and services; and 
 engaging with our communities to promote more equitable outcomes. 
 
 13 

One of the ways we strengthen our workplace culture of DEI is by supporting employee resource groups (ERGs). ERGs are self-organized communities that bring employees together to raise awareness and belonging for under-represented groups. Through a grassroots effort, BILL employees have established seven ERGs focused upon the following dimensions of identity: women, Latinx, Black, LGBTQIA+, disabilities and mental health, veterans, and Pan Asian and Pacific Islanders. These ERGs have established strong employee mentorship programs to support the career development of their members. 
 
 We also offer employees learning opportunities to increase awareness of DEI issues. Unconscious bias training is available through our e-learning platform, we regularly host speakers from diverse backgrounds to share their lived experiences, and our ERGs host safe-space discussions on issues important to their members. 
 
 We partner with organizations like Codepath.org and ColorStack to support Black, Latinx, and Indigenous students interested in technical careers. Through Codepath s Internship Connection Program, we have placed underrepresented students majoring in computer science into technical internships at BILL. Last year, we also sponsored the Tejano Tech Summit, which brought together Latinx founders, investors, and professionals working in tech to advance their community. Our talent acquisition team also developed our ERG Ambassador Program, which gives candidates an opportunity to connect with an ERG member to learn more about BILL s culture and our focus on DEI. We are hopeful that through programs and partnerships like these, we can both help local communities and build a solid pipeline of future employees for our company. 
 
 As part of our focus on community outreach, one of our BILL ERGs built a new program to reach underprivileged, low-income students in the Bay Area. Recruiting middle-school and high-school students locally, the program s goal is to prepare these young students for academic success, college acceptance, and early career growth by providing internships, mentorships, and coding camps. Along with the African Diaspora Network, BILL founded the African Diaspora Network's Accelerating Black Leadership and Entrepreneurship (ABLE) program, an enterprise accelerator program. The program is designed to strengthen, energize, and support startups and small businesses led by Black entrepreneurs in the U.S. In the last two years, 28 entrepreneurs with impact-oriented solutions at the local and national level across multiple sectors graduated from ABLE. 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Our San Jose headquarters building is LEED Gold and Energy Star certified, our Houston building is LEED-certified GOLD, and our Sydney building features a green roof and an organic waste farm, and was awarded a Green Star rating of six (the highest rating available). In San Jose, we also offer employees free electric vehicle charging stations. Further, we embrace a hybrid work model at each of our office locations, permitting employees to work remotely several days a week, in addition to having a significant number of fully-remote employees who collaborate via videoconference and periodic offsite retreats. This flexible model allows us to minimize employee commute times, thereby reducing congestion, the consumption of energy, and pollution. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by relying upon a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as contractual measures. 
 As of June 30, 2023, in the U.S., we had 20 issued patents that expire between 2028 and 2040, and seven pending patent applications, two of which have been allowed as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, along with five pending international patent applications. These patents and patent applications seek to protect proprietary inventions relevant to our business. While we believe our patents and patent applications in the aggregate are important to our competitive position, no single patent or patent application is material to us as a whole. We intend to pursue additional patent protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective. 
 As of June 30, 2023, in the U.S. we had two trademark registrations covering the Bill.com logo and three trademark registrations for DIVVY or the Divvy logo, along with registrations for Divvy slogans. We also own a U.S. trademark registration for the name Invoice2Go and the Invoice2Go logo. We own a pending application for BILL.COM plus design in Canada, along with a registration in Canada for the Invoice2Go logo. We own one registration in Australia for the Invoice2Go logo, along with additional registrations internationally 
 14 

for the mark INVOICE2GO or the Invoice2Go logo. We will pursue additional trademark registrations to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. We also own several domain names, including www.bill.com, www.getdivvy.com, and www.invoice2go.com. 
 We rely on trade secrets and confidential information to develop and maintain our competitive position. It is our practice to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements (or similar agreements) with our employees, consultants, and contractors involved in the development of intellectual property on our behalf. We also enter into confidentiality agreements with other third parties in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our confidential information and proprietary information. We further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property through provisions in our terms of service. 
 From time to time, we also incorporate certain intellectual property licensed from third parties, including under certain open source licenses. Even if any such third-party technology was not available to us on commercially reasonable terms, we believe that alternative technologies would be available as needed. 
 For additional information about our intellectual property and associated risks, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Industry . 
 
 Available Information 
 Our internet address is www.bill.com. We make available free of charge, on our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 We have used, and intend to continue to use, our website, investor relations website (accessible via our website), and social media accounts, including our Twitter/X feed (@billcom), our LinkedIn page and our Facebook page , as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. 
 The contents of the websites provided above are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. Additional risks beyond those summarized below or discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Consistent with the foregoing, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including the following: 
 We have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future; 
 Our recent rapid growth, including growth in our volume of payments, may not be indicative of our future growth, and if we continue to grow rapidly, we may not be able to manage our growth effectively; 
 A significant portion of our revenue comes from small and medium-sized businesses, which may have fewer financial resources to weather an economic downturn, and volatile or weakened economic conditions in the U.S. and globally may adversely affect our business and operating results; 
 If we are unable to attract new customers or convert trial customers into paying customers or if our efforts to promote our charge card usage through marketing, promotion, and spending business rewards are unsuccessful, our revenue growth and operating results will be adversely affected; 
 If we are unable to retain our current customers, increase customer adoption of our products, sell additional services to our customers, or develop and launch new payment products, our business and growth will be adversely affected; 
 Our Divvy card offering exposes us to credit risk and other risks related to spending businesses' ability to pay the balances incurred on their Divvy cards. Certain of our other current and future product offerings may also subject us to credit risk; 
 Our risk management efforts may not be effective to prevent fraudulent activities by our customers, subscribers, spending businesses, or their counterparties, which could expose us to material financial losses and liability and otherwise harm our business; 
 The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed; 
 We transfer large sums of customer funds daily, and are subject to numerous associated risks which could result in financial losses, damage to our reputation, or loss of trust in our brand, which would harm our business and financial results; 
 Our business depends, in part, on our relationships with accounting firms; 
 Our business depends, in part, on our business relationships with financial institutions; 
 We are subject to numerous risks related to partner banks and financing arrangements with respect to our spend and expense management solution; 
 Future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, collaborations, or alliances could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition; 
 Payments and other financial services-related regulations and oversight are material to our business. Our failure to comply could materially harm our business; 
 16 

Our debt service obligations, including the Notes, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations; 
 We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary for cash settlement upon conversion of the Notes or to repurchase the Notes for cash upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes or to repurchase the Notes; and 
 The market for our common stock has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile and the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 
 We were incorporated in 2006 and have mostly experienced net losses since inception. We generated net losses of 223.7 million, 326.4 million, and 98.7 million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Our net loss for fiscal 2022 includes the results of operations of Invoice2go from the date of acquisition on September 1, 2022 and of Divvy for the full fiscal year. Our net loss for fiscal 2021 includes the results of operations of Divvy from the date of acquisition on June 1, 2021. As of June 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 856.2 million. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in recent periods, we are not certain whether or when we will generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We also expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future operating results if our revenue does not increase. In particular, we intend to continue to expend significant funds to further develop our platform, including introducing new products and functionality, drive new customer adoption, expand partner integrations, and support international expansion, and to continue hiring across all functions to accomplish these objectives. Our profitability each quarter is also impacted by the mix of our revenue generated from subscriptions, transaction fees, including the mix of ad valorem transaction revenue, and interest earned on funds that we hold for the benefit of our customers. Any changes in this revenue mix will have the effect of increasing or decreasing our margins. In addition, we offer promotion programs whereby spending businesses that use our spend and expense management products can earn rewards based on transaction volume on our Divvy charge cards, and the cost of earned rewards that are redeemed impacts our sales and marketing expenses. Inflationary pressures may also result in increases in many of our other costs, including personnel-related costs. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our increased operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for several reasons, including the other risks described herein, and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown events. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the value of our business and common stock may significantly decrease. 
 Our recent rapid growth, including growth in our volume of payments, may not be indicative of our future growth, and if we continue to grow rapidly, we may not be able to manage our growth effectively. 
 Our revenue was 1.1 billion, 642.0 million, and 238.3 million during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Our TPV was 266.0 billion, 228.1 billion, and 140.7 billion during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Our revenue and TPV for fiscal 2022 includes Invoice2go from the date of acquisition on September 1, 2021 and Divvy charge cards for the full fiscal year. Our revenue and TPV for fiscal 2021 includes Divvy charge cards from the date of acquisition on June 1, 2021. Although we have recently experienced significant growth in our revenue and total payment volume, even if our revenue continues to increase, we expect our growth rate will decline in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including the increasing scale of our business. Overall growth of our revenue depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: 
 price our platform effectively to attract new customers and increase sales to our existing customers; 
 expand the functionality and scope of the products we offer on our platform; 
 maintain or improve the rates at which customers subscribe to and continue to use our platform; 
 maintain and expand payment volume; 
 generate interest income on customer funds that we hold in trust; 
 17 

provide our customers with high-quality customer support that meets their needs; 
 introduce our products to new markets outside of the U.S.; 
 serve SMBs across a wide cross-section of industries; 
 expand our target market beyond SMBs; 
 manage the effects of macroeconomic conditions, including economic downturns or recessions, inflation, fluctuations in market interest rates and currency exchange rates, supply chain shortages and instability in the U.S. and global banking systems on our business and operations; 
 successfully identify and acquire or invest in businesses, products, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform; and 
 increase awareness of our brand and successfully compete with other companies. 
 We may not successfully accomplish any of these objectives, which makes it difficult for us to forecast our future operating results. Further, the revenue that we derive from interest income on customer funds is dependent on interest rates, which we do not control. If the assumptions that we use to plan our business are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our market, or if we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, our stock price could be volatile, and it may be difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. You should not rely on our revenue from any prior quarterly or annual periods as any indication of our future revenue or revenue or payment growth. 
 In addition, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: 
 sales, marketing, and customer success, including an expansion of our sales organization and new customer success initiatives; 
 our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance, and security; 
 product development, including investments in our product development team and the development of new products and new functionality for our AI-enabled platform; 
 acquisitions or strategic investments; 
 international expansion; and 
 regulatory compliance and risk management. 
 These investments may not result in increased revenue growth in our business. If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, or if we encounter difficulties in managing a growing volume of payments, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability over the long term. 
 A significant portion of our revenue comes from small and medium-sized businesses, which may have fewer financial resources to weather an economic downturn, and volatile or weakened economic conditions in the U.S. and globally may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our overall performance depends in part on U.S. and international macroeconomic conditions. The U.S. and other key international economies have experienced and may in the future experience significant economic and market downturns in which economic activity is impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity, and foreign exchange markets, inflation, bankruptcies, and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These economic conditions can arise suddenly and the full impact of such conditions are impossible to predict. In addition, geopolitical and domestic political developments, such as existing and potential trade wars and other events beyond our control, such as the war in Ukraine, can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally and increase the volatility of global financial markets. Moreover, there has been recent turmoil in the global banking system. For example, in March 2023, Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. First-Citizens Bank Trust Company then assumed all of SVB s customer deposits and certain other liabilities and 
 18 

acquired substantially all of SVB s loans and certain other assets from the FDIC. While the closure of SVB did not have a material direct impact on our business, continued instability in the global banking system may result in additional bank failures, as well as volatility of global financial markets, either of which may adversely impact our business and financial condition. 
 Further, a significant portion of our revenue comes from SMBs. These customers may be more susceptible to negative impacts from economic downturns, recession, inflation, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including the strengthening U.S. dollar, financial market conditions, instability in the U.S. and global banking systems, supply chain shortages, increased fuel prices, any ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and catastrophic events than larger, more established businesses, as SMBs typically have more limited financial resources than larger entities. If any of these conditions occur , SMBs may be disproportionately impacted and, as a result, the overall demand for our products and services could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We expect fluctuations in our financial results, making it difficult to project future results, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors with respect to our operating results, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline. 
 Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, factors that may affect our operating results include the following: 
 fluctuations in demand for, or pricing of our platform; 
 our ability to attract new customers; 
 our ability to retain and grow engagement with our existing customers; 
 our ability to expand our relationships with our accounting firm partners, financial institution partners, and accounting software partners, or identify and attract new partners; 
 customer expansion rates; 
 changes in customer preference for cloud-based services as a result of security breaches in the industry or privacy concerns, or other security or reliability concerns regarding our products; 
 fluctuations or delays in purchasing decisions in anticipation of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 
 general economic, market, credit and liquidity conditions, both domestically and internationally, such as high inflation, high interest rate and recessionary environments, and instability in the U.S. and global banking systems, as well as economic conditions specifically affecting SMBs or the industries in which our customers participate; 
 changes in customers budgets and in the timing of their budget cycles and purchasing decisions, as a result of general economic factors or factors specific to their businesses; 
 potential and existing customers choosing our competitors products or developing their own solutions in-house; 
 the development or introduction of new platforms or services that are easier to use or more advanced than our current suite of services, especially related to the application of AI-based services; 
 our failure to adapt to new forms of payment that become widely accepted; 
 the adoption or retention of more entrenched or rival services in the international markets where we compete; 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; 
 the amount and timing of payment for operating expenses, particularly research and development and sales and marketing expenses, including commissions; 
 19 

the amount and timing of non-cash expenses, including stock-based compensation, goodwill impairments, and other non-cash charges; 
 the amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training, and integrating new employees, including employees acquired inorganically, and retaining and motivating existing employees; 
 fluctuation in market interest rates, which impacts interest earned on funds held for customers; 
 the effects of acquisitions and the integration of acquired technologies and products, including impairment of goodwill; 
 the impact of new accounting pronouncements; 
 security breaches of, technical difficulties with, or interruptions to, the delivery and use of our platform; 
 any ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our employees, customers, partners, vendors, operating results, liquidity and financial condition, including as a result of supply chain disruptions and labor shortages; 
 t he impact of the war in Ukraine, economic sanctions and countermeasures taken by other countries, and market volatility resulting from the above; and 
 awareness of our brand and our reputation in our target markets. 
 Any of these and other factors, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may cause our operating results to vary significantly. In addition, we expect to continue to incur significant additional expenses due to the costs of operating as a public company. If our operating results fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 If we are unable to attract new customers or convert trial customers into paying customers or if our efforts to promote our charge card usage through marketing, promotion, and spending business rewards are unsuccessful, our revenue growth and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 To increase our revenue, we must continue to attract new customers and increase sales to those customers. As our market matures, product and service offerings evolve, and competitors introduce lower cost or differentiated products or services that are perceived to compete with our platform, our ability to sell subscriptions or successfully increase customer adoption of new payment products could be impaired. Similarly, our subscription sales could be adversely affected if customers or users perceive that features incorporated into alternative products reduce the need for our platform or if they prefer to purchase products that are bundled with solutions offered by other companies. Further, in an effort to attract new customers, we may offer simpler, lower-priced products or promotions, which may reduce our profitability. 
 We rely upon our marketing strategy of offering risk-free trials of our platform and other digital marketing strategies to generate sales opportunities. Many of our customers start a risk-free trial of our service. Converting these trial customers to paid customers often requires extensive follow-up and engagement. Many prospective customers never convert from the trial version of a product to a paid version of a product. Further, we often depend on the ability of individuals within an organization who initiate the trial versions of our products to convince decision makers within their organization to convert to a paid version. To the extent that these users do not become, or are unable to convince others to become, paying customers, we will not realize the intended benefits of this marketing strategy, and our ability to grow our revenue will be adversely affected. In addition, it may be necessary to engage in more sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts in order to attract new customers, and changes in privacy laws and third party practices may make adding new customers more expensive or difficult. As a result of these and other factors, we may be unable to attract new customers or our related expenses may increase, which would have an adverse effect on our business, revenue, gross margins, and operating results. 
 In addition, revenue growth from our charge card products is dependent on increasing business spending on our cards. We have been investing in a number of growth initiatives, including to capture a greater 
 20 

share of spending businesses total spend, but there can be no assurance that such investments will be effective. In addition, if we develop new products or offerings that attract spending businesses looking for short-term incentives rather than displaying long-term loyalty, attrition could increase and our operating results could be adversely affected. Expanding our service offerings, adding acquisition channels and forming new partnerships or renewing current partnerships could have higher costs than our current arrangements and could dilute our brand. In addition, we offer rewards to spending businesses based on their usage of charge cards. Redemptions of rewards present significant associated expenses for our business. We operate in a highly competitive environment and may need to increase the rewards that we offer or provide other incentives to spending businesses in order to grow our business. Any significant change in, or failure by management to reasonably estimate, such costs could adversely affect or harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to retain our current customers, increase customer adoption of our products, sell additional services to our customers, or develop and launch new payment products, our business and growth will be adversely affected. 
 To date, a significant portion of our growth has been attributable to customer adoption of new and existing payment products. To increase our revenue, in addition to acquiring new customers, we must continue to retain existing customers and convince them to expand their use of our platform by incentivizing them to pay for additional services and driving adoption of new and existing payment products, including ad valorem products such as our Divvy cards, virtual cards, instant transfer, and international payment offerings. Our ability to retain our customers, drive adoption and increase usage could be impaired for a variety of reasons, including our inability to develop and launch new payment products, customer reaction to changes in the pricing of our products, general economic conditions or the other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our ability to sell additional services or increase customer adoption of new or existing products may require more sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts, especially for our larger customers. If we are unable to retain existing customers or increase the usage of our platform by them, it would have an adverse effect on our business, revenue, gross margins, and other operating results, and accordingly, on the trading price of our common stock. 
 While some of our contracts are non-cancelable annual subscription contracts, most of our contracts with customers and accounting firms primarily consist of open-ended arrangements that can be terminated by either party without penalty at any time. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions to our platform after the expiration of their subscription period. For us to maintain or improve our operating results, it is important that our customers continue to maintain their subscriptions on the same or more favorable terms. We cannot accurately predict renewal or expansion rates given the diversity of our customer base in terms of size, industry, and geography. Our renewal and expansion rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of several factors, including customer spending levels, customer satisfaction with our platform and customer service, decreases in the number of users, changes in the type and size of our customers, pricing changes, competitive conditions, the acquisition of our customers by other companies, and general economic conditions. In addition, if any of the accounting software providers with which our platform currently integrates should choose to disable two-way synchronization, there can be no assurance that customers shared with such providers would not choose to leave our platform, adversely affecting our business and results of operations. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions, or if they reduce their usage of our platform, our revenue and other operating results will decline and our business will suffer. Moreover, if our renewal or expansion rates fall significantly below the expectations of the public market, securities analysts, or investors, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 Our Divvy card offering exposes us to credit risk and other risks related to spending businesses' ability to pay the balances incurred on their Divvy cards. Certain of our other current and future product offerings may also subject us to credit risk. 
 We offer our Divvy card as a credit product to a wide range of businesses in the U.S., and the success of this product depends on our ability to effectively manage related risks. The credit decision-making process for our Divvy cards uses techniques designed to analyze the credit risk of specific businesses based on, among other factors, their past purchase and transaction history, as well as their credit scores. Similarly, proprietary risk models and other indicators are applied to assess current or prospective spending businesses who desire to use our cards to help predict their ability to repay. These risk models may not accurately predict 
 21 

creditworthiness due to inaccurate assumptions, including assumptions related to the particular spending business, market conditions, economic environment, or limited transaction history or other data, among other factors. The accuracy of these risk models and the ability to manage credit risk related to our cards may also be affected by legal or regulatory requirements, competitors actions, changes in consumer behavior, changes in the economic environment, policies of Issuing Banks, and other factors. 
 For a substantial majority of extensions of credit to Divvy spending businesses facilitated through our spend and expense management platform, we purchase from our Issuing Banks participation interests in the accounts receivables generated when spending businesses make purchases using Divvy cards, and we bear the entire credit risk in the event that a spending business fails to pay card balances. Like other businesses with significant exposure to losses from credit, we face the risk that spending businesses will default on their payment obligations, creating the risk of potential charge-offs. The non-payment rate among spending businesses may increase due to, among other factors, changes to underwriting standards, risk models not accurately predicting the creditworthiness of a business, or a decline in economic conditions, such as a recession, high inflation or government austerity programs. Spending businesses who miss payments may fail to repay their outstanding statement balances, and spending businesses who file for protection under the bankruptcy laws generally do not repay their outstanding balances. If collection efforts on overdue card balances are ineffective or unsuccessful, we may incur financial losses or lose the confidence of our funding sources. We do not file UCC liens or take other security interests on Divvy card balances, which significantly reduces our ability to collect amounts outstanding to spending businesses that file for bankruptcy protection. Any such losses or failures of our risk models could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Non-performance, or even significant underperformance, of the account receivables participation interests that we own could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Moreover, the funding model for our Divvy card product relies on a variety of funding arrangements, including warehouse facilities and, from time-to-time, purchase arrangements, with a variety of funding sources. Any significant underperformance of the participation interests we own may adversely impact our relationship with such funding sources and result in an increase in our cost of financing, a modification or termination of our existing funding arrangements or our ability to procure funding, which would adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects. 
 Several of our other product offerings whereby we advance funds to our customers or vendors of our customers based on credit and risk profiling before we receive the funds on their behalf, such as our Instant Transfer feature, also expose us to credit risks. Although these offerings are only available to customers that satisfy specific credit eligibility criteria, the credit and risk models we use to determine eligibility may be insufficient. Any failure of our credit or risk models to predict creditworthiness would expose us to many of the credit risks described above and could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our risk management efforts may not be effective to prevent fraudulent activities by our customers, subscribers, spending businesses, or their counterparties, which could expose us to material financial losses and liability and otherwise harm our business. 
 We offer software that digitizes and automates financial operations for a large number of customers and executes payments to their vendors or from their clients. We are responsible for verifying the identity of our customers and their users, and monitoring transactions for fraud. We have been in the past and will continue to be targeted by parties who seek to commit acts of financial fraud using stolen identities and bank accounts, compromised business email accounts, employee or insider fraud, account takeover, false applications, check fraud, and stolen cards or card account numbers. We may suffer losses from acts of financial fraud committed by our customers and their users, our employees, or third parties. In addition, our customers or spending businesses may suffer losses from acts of financial fraud by third parties posing as our company through account takeover, credential harvesting, use of stolen identities, and various other techniques, which could harm our reputation or prompt us to reimburse our customers for such losses in order to maintain customer and spending business relationships. 
 The techniques used to perpetrate fraud on our platform are continually evolving, and we expend considerable resources to continue to monitor and combat them. In addition, when we introduce new products and functionality, or expand existing products, we may not be able to identify all risks created by such new products or functionality. Our risk management policies, procedures, techniques, and processes may not be 
 22 

sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, to enable us to prevent or mitigate the risks we have identified, or to identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Our risk management policies, procedures, techniques, and processes may contain errors, or our employees or agents may commit mistakes or errors in judgment as a result of which we may suffer large financial losses. The software-driven and highly automated nature of our platform could enable criminals and those committing fraud to steal significant amounts of money from businesses like ours. 
 Our current business and anticipated growth will continue to place significant demands on our risk management efforts, and we will need to continue developing and improving our existing risk management infrastructure, policies, procedures, techniques, and processes. As techniques used to perpetrate fraud on our platform evolve, we may need to modify our products or services to mitigate fraud risks. As our business grows and becomes more complex, we may be less able to forecast and carry appropriate reserves in our books for fraud related losses. 
 Further, these types of fraudulent activities on our platform can also expose us to civil and criminal liability and governmental and regulatory sanctions as well as potentially cause us to be in breach of our contractual obligations to our third-party partners. 
 The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
 The market for cloud-based software that automates the financial back-office is highly fragmented, competitive, and constantly evolving. We believe that our primary competition remains the legacy manual processes that SMBs have relied on for generations. Our success will depend, to a substantial extent, on the widespread adoption of our cloud-based automated back-office solution as an alternative to existing solutions or adoption by customers that are not using any such solutions at all. Some organizations may be reluctant or unwilling to use our platform for several reasons, including concerns about additional costs, uncertainty regarding the reliability and security of cloud-based offerings, or lack of awareness of the benefits of our platform. 
 Our competitors in the cloud-based software space range from large corporations that predominantly focus on enterprise resource planning solutions, to smaller niche suppliers of solutions that focus exclusively on document management, workflow management, accounts payable, accounts receivable, spend and expense management, and/or electronic bill presentment and payment, to companies that offer industry-specific payments solutions. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect that the competitive environment will remain intense going forward. Our competitors that currently focus on enterprise solutions may offer products to SMBs that compete with ours. In addition, companies that provide solutions that are adjacent to our products and services may decide to enter our market segments and develop and offer products that compete with ours. Accounting software providers, such as Intuit, as well as the financial institutions with which we partner, may internally develop products, acquire existing, third-party products, or may enter into partnerships or other strategic relationships that would enable them to expand their product offerings to compete with our platform or provide more comprehensive offerings than they individually had offered or achieve greater economies of scale than us. These software providers and financial institutions may have the operating flexibility to bundle competing solutions with other offerings, including offering them at a lower price or for no additional cost to customers as part of a larger sale. For example, in September 2022, Intuit announced its intention to launch a native bill payment solution. In addition, new entrants not currently considered to be competitors may enter the market through acquisitions, partnerships, or strategic relationships. Many of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger marketing budgets, and greater resources than us. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, and customer requirements. Certain competitors may also have long-standing exclusive, or nearly exclusive, relationships with financial services provider partners to accept payment cards and other services that compete with what we offer. As we look to market and sell our platform to potential customers, spending businesses, or partners with existing solutions, we must convince their internal stakeholders that our platform is superior to their current solutions. 
 We compete on several factors, including: 
 product features, quality, breadth, and functionality; 
 23 

data asset size and ability to leverage AI to grow faster and smarter; 
 ease of deployment; 
 ease of integration with leading accounting and banking technology infrastructures; 
 ability to automate processes; 
 cloud-based delivery architecture; 
 advanced security and control features; 
 risk management, exception process handling, and regulatory compliance leadership; 
 brand recognition; and 
 pricing and total cost of ownership. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, and this competition could result in the failure of our platform to continue to achieve or maintain market acceptance, any of which would harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We transfer large sums of customer funds daily, and are subject to numerous associated risks which could result in financial losses, damage to our reputation, or loss of trust in our brand, which would harm our business and financial results. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 461,000 businesses using our solutions and TPV processed was approximately 266.0 billion, 228.1 billion, and 140.7 billion during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Accordingly, we have grown rapidly and seek to continue to grow, and although we maintain a robust and multi-faceted risk management process, our business is highly complex and always subject to the risk of financial losses as a result of credit losses, operational errors, software defects, service disruption, employee misconduct, security breaches, or other similar actions or errors on our platform. 
 As a provider of accounts payable, accounts receivable, spend and expense management, and payment solutions, we collect and transfer funds on behalf of our customers and our trustworthiness and reputation are fundamental to our business. The occurrence of any credit losses, operational errors, software defects, service disruptions, employee misconduct, security breaches, or other similar actions or errors on our platform could result in financial losses to our business and our customers, loss of trust, damage to our reputation, or termination of our agreements with financial institution partners and accountants, each of which could result in: 
 loss of customers; 
 lost or delayed market acceptance and sales of our platform; 
 legal claims against us, including warranty and service level agreement claims; 
 regulatory enforcement action; or 
 diversion of our resources, including through increased service expenses or financial concessions, and increased insurance costs. 
 Although our terms of service allocate to our customers the risk of loss resulting from our customers errors, omissions, employee fraud, or other fraudulent activity related to their systems, in some instances we may cover such losses for efficiency or to prevent damage to our reputation. Although we maintain insurance to cover losses resulting from our errors and omissions, there can be no assurance that our insurance will cover all losses or our coverage will be sufficient to cover our losses. If we suffer significant losses or reputational harm as a result, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 24 

Funds that we hold for the benefit of our customers are subject to market, interest rate, credit, foreign exchange, and liquidity risks, as well as general political and economic conditions. The loss of any of these funds could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We invest funds that we hold for the benefit of our customers, including funds being remitted to suppliers, in highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities, money market securities, and other cash equivalents. Nevertheless, our customer fund assets are subject to general market, interest rate, credit, foreign exchange, and liquidity risks. These risks may be exacerbated, individually or in the aggregate, during periods of heavy financial market volatility, such as that experienced in 2008 and 2022, that may result from high inflation, high interest rate or recessionary environments, from actual or perceived instability in the U.S. and global banking systems, or from war (such as the war in Ukraine), or other geopolitical conflicts. As a result, we could be faced with a severe constriction of the availability of liquidity, which could impact our ability to fulfill our obligations to move customer money to its intended recipient. For example, the sudden closure of SVB in March 2023 introduced a potential risk of loss because we held certain corporate and customer funds at SVB. Although we were able to move substantially all such funds to large multinational financial institutions and to redirect substantially all customer payment processing previously made through SVB to one of our multinational bank processors, there can be no assurance that we would be able to do so in the future in the event of a similar or more severe, systemic banking crisis. In addition, cash held at banks and financial institutions is subject to applicable deposit insurance limits, and in the event that our corporate or customer funds held at a given institution exceed such limits, or are held in investments that are not covered by deposit insurance, such funds may be unrecoverable in the event of a future bank failure. 
 We rely upon certain banking partners and third parties to originate payments, process checks, execute wire transfers, and issue virtual cards, which could be similarly affected by a liquidity shortage and further exacerbate our ability to operate our business. Any loss of or inability to access customer funds could have an adverse impact on our cash position and operating results, could require us to obtain additional sources of liquidity, and could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition to the risks related to customer funds, we are also exposed to interest rate risk relating to our investments of our corporate cash. 
 We are licensed as a money transmitter in all required U.S. states and registered as a Money Services Business with FinCEN. In certain jurisdictions where we operate, we are required to hold eligible liquid assets, as defined by the relevant regulators in each jurisdiction, equal to at least 100 of the aggregate amount of all customer balances. Our ability to manage and accurately account for the assets underlying our customer funds and comply with applicable liquid asset requirements requires a high level of internal controls. As our business continues to grow and we expand our product offerings, we will need to scale these associated internal controls. Our success requires significant public confidence in our ability to properly manage our customers balances and handle large and growing transaction volumes and amounts of customer funds. Any failure to maintain the necessary controls or to accurately manage our customer funds and the assets underlying our customer funds in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements could result in reputational harm, lead customers to discontinue or reduce their use of our products, and result in significant penalties and fines, possibly including the loss of our state money transmitter licenses, which would materially harm our business. 
 We earn revenue from interest earned on customer funds held in trust while payments are clearing, which is subject to market conditions and may decrease as customers adoption of electronic payments and technology continues to evolve. 
 For fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, we generated 113.8 million, 8.6 million, and 6.0 million, respectively, in revenue from interest earned on funds held in trust on behalf of customers while payment transactions were clearing, or approximately 11 , 1 , and 3 of our total revenue for such periods, respectively. While these payments are clearing, we deposit the funds in highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities, and generate revenue that is correlated to the federal funds rate. As interest rates have risen in recent periods, the amount of revenue we have generated from such funds has increased; however, given the deceleration in U.S. interest rate increases in 2023 to date, we do not expect this interest revenue expansion to continue in the future. If interest rates decline, the amount of revenue we generate from these investments will decrease as well. Additionally, as customers increasingly seek expedited methods of electronic payments, such as instant transfer, or potentially migrate spend to our Divvy corporate card offering, our revenue from interest earned on customer funds could decrease (even if offset by other revenue) and our operating results could be adversely affected. Finally, in addition to the risks outlined above, any change in laws 
 25 

or applicable regulations that restrict the scope of permissible investments for such customer funds could reduce our interest income and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our business depends, in part, on our relationships with accounting firms. 
 Our relationships with our more than 7,000 accounting firm partners contribute a significant portion of our consolidated revenue. We market and sell our products and services through accounting firms. We also have an exclusive partnership with CPA.com to market certain of our products and services to accounting firms, which then enroll their customers directly onto our platform. Although our relationships with accounting firms are independent of one another, if our reputation in the accounting industry more broadly were to suffer, or if we were unable to establish relationships with new accounting firms and grow our relationships with existing accounting firm partners, our growth prospects would weaken and our business, financial position, and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends, in part, on our business relationships with financial institutions. 
 We enter into partnering relationships with financial institutions pursuant to which they offer our services to their customers. These relationships involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with sales to our direct SMB customers. Launching a product offering with our financial institution partners entails integrating our platform with our partners websites and apps, which requires significant engineering resources and time to design, deploy, and maintain, and requires developing associated sales and marketing strategies and programs. With financial institution partners, the decision to roll out our product offering typically requires several levels of management and technical personnel approval by our partners and is frequently subject to budget constraints. Delays in decision making, unplanned budget constraints, or changes in our partners business, business priorities, or internal resource allocations may result in significant delays to the deployment of our platform and its availability to their customers. Significant delays in the deployment of our platform to our partners customers could cause us to incur significant expenditures for platform integration and product launch without generating anticipated revenue in the same period or at all and could adversely impact our operating results. In addition, once we have successfully launched a product offering with a financial institution partner, lower than anticipated customer adoption or unanticipated ongoing system integration costs could result in lower than anticipated profit margins, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, and operating results. Moreover, if our partners or their customers experience problems with the operation of our platform, such as service outages or interruptions or security breaches or incidents, our relationship with the partner and our reputation could be harmed and our operating results may suffer. 
 We may not be able to attract new financial institution partners if our potential partners favor our competitors products or services over our platform or choose to compete with our products directly. Further, many of our existing financial institution partners have greater resources than we do and could choose to develop their own solutions to replace ours. Moreover, certain financial institutions may elect to focus on other market segments and decide to terminate their SMB-focused services. If we are unsuccessful in establishing, growing, or maintaining our relationships with financial institution partners, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired, and our operating results may suffer. 
 We are subject to oversight by our financial institution partners and they conduct audits of our operations, information security controls, and compliance controls. To the extent an audit were to identify material gaps or evidence of noncompliance in our operations or controls it could violate contractual terms with the financial institution partner, which could materially and adversely impact our commercial relationships with that partner. 
 Our spend and expense management products are dependent on our relationship with our Issuing Banks, Cross River Bank and WEX Bank. 
 The extensions of credit facilitated through our platform are originated through Cross River Bank and WEX Bank, and we rely on these entities to comply with various federal, state, and other laws. There has been significant recent U.S. Congressional and federal administrative agency lawmaking and ruling in the area of program agreements between banks and non-banks involving extensions of credit and the regulatory environment in this area remains unsettled. There has also been significant recent government enforcement and litigation challenging the validity of such arrangements, including disputes seeking to re-characterize lending transactions on the basis that the non-bank party rather than the bank is the true lender or de facto 
 26 

lender , and in case law upholding the valid when made doctrine, which holds that federal preemption of state interest rate limitations are not applicable in the context of certain bank non-bank partnership arrangements. If the legal structure underlying our relationship with our Issuing Banks were to be successfully challenged, our extension of credit offerings through these banks may be determined to be in violation of state licensing requirements and other state laws. In addition, Issuing Banks engaged in this activity have been subject to increased regulatory scrutiny recently. Adverse orders or regulatory enforcement actions against our Issuing Banks, even if unrelated to our business, could impose restrictions on our Issuing Banks ability to continue to extend credit through our platform or on current terms, or could result in our Issuing Banks increasing their oversight or imposing tighter controls over our underwriting practices or compliance procedures or subjecting any new products to be offered through our Issuing Banks to more rigorous reviews. 
 Our Issuing Banks are subject to oversight by the FDIC and state banking regulators and must comply with applicable federal and state banking rules, regulations, and examination requirements. We, in turn, are subject to audit by our Issuing Banks in accordance with FDIC guidance related to management of service providers and other bank-specific requirements pursuant to the terms of our agreements with our Issuing Banks. We are also subject to the examination and enforcement authority of the FDIC under the Bank Service Company Act and state regulators in our capacity as a service provider for our Issuing Banks. If we fail to comply with requirements applicable to us by law or contract, or if audits by our Issuing Banks were to conclude that our processes and procedures are insufficient, we may be subject to fines or penalties or our Issuing Banks could terminate their relationships with us. 
 In the event of a challenge to the legal structure underlying our program agreements with our Issuing Banks or if one or all of our Issuing Banks were to suspend, limit, or cease its operations, or were to otherwise terminate for any reason (including, but not limited to, the failure by an Issuing Bank to comply with regulatory actions or an Issuing Bank experiencing financial distress, entering into receivership, or becoming insolvent), we would need to identify and implement alternative, compliant, bank relationships or otherwise modify our business practices in order to be compliant with prevailing law or regulation, which could result in business interruptions or delays, force us to incur additional expenses, and potentially interfere with our existing customer and spending business relationships or make us less attractive to potential new customers and spending businesses, any of which could adversely effect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We rely on a variety of funding sources to support our Divvy corporate card offering. If our existing funding arrangements are not renewed or replaced, or if our existing funding sources are unwilling or unable to provide funding to us on terms acceptable to us, or at all, it could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, cash flows, and future prospects. 
 To support the operations and growth of our spend and expense management business, we must maintain a variety of funding arrangements, including warehouse facilities and, from time-to-time, purchase arrangements with financial institutions. In particular, we have financing arrangements in place pursuant to which we purchase from our Issuing Banks participation interests in the accounts receivables generated when Divvy spending businesses make purchases using our cards. We typically fund some portion of these participation interest purchases by borrowing under credit facilities with our finance partners, although we may also fund participation purchases using corporate cash. Typically, we immediately sell a portion of the participation interests we have purchased to a warehousing subsidiary which funds the purchases through loans provided by our financing partners, and we may sell a portion of the participation interests to a third-party institution pursuant to a purchase arrangements. 
 If our finance partners terminate or interrupt their financing or purchase of participation interests or are unable to offer terms which are acceptable to us, we may have to fund these purchases using corporate cash, which we have a limited ability to do and may place significant stress on our cash resources. An inability to purchase participation interests from our Issuing Banks, whether funded through financing or corporate cash, could result in the banks limiting extensions of credit to spending businesses or ceasing to extend credit for our cards altogether, which would interrupt or limit our ability to offer our card products and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We cannot guarantee that these funding arrangements will continue to be available on favorable terms or at all, and our funding strategy may change over time, depending on the availability of such funding arrangements. In addition, our funding sources may curtail access to uncommitted financing capacity, fail to renew or extend facilities, or impose higher costs to access funding upon reassessing their exposure to our industry or in light of changes to general economic, market, credit, or liquidity conditions. Further, our funding 
 27 

sources may experience financial distress, enter into receivership, or become insolvent, which may prevent us from accessing financing from these sources. In addition, because our borrowings under current and future financing facilities may bear interest based on floating rate interest rates, our interest costs may increase if market interest rates rise. Moreover, there can be no assurances that we would be able to extend or replace our existing funding arrangements at maturity, on reasonable terms, or at all. 
 If our existing funding arrangements are not renewed or replaced or our existing funding sources are unwilling or unable to provide funding to us on terms acceptable to us, or at all, we may need to secure additional sources of funding or reduce our spend and expense management operations significantly. Further, as the volume of credit facilitated through our platform increases, we may need to expand the funding capacity under our existing funding arrangements or add new sources of capital. The availability and diversity of our funding arrangements depends on various factors and are subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. If we are unable to maintain access to, or to expand, our network and diversity of funding arrangements, our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our platform with popular accounting software solutions or offerings of our partners, our revenue and growth prospects will decline. 
 To deliver a comprehensive solution, our platform integrates with popular accounting software solutions including Intuit QuickBooks, Oracle NetSuite, Sage Intacct, Xero, and Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central, through APIs made available by these software providers. We automatically synchronize certain data between our platform and these accounting software systems relating to invoices and payment transactions between our customers and their suppliers and clients. This two-way sync saves time for our customers by reducing duplicative manual data entry and provides the basis for managing cash-flow through an integrated solution for accounts payable, accounts receivable, spend and expense management, and payments. 
 If any of the accounting software providers change the features of their APIs, discontinue their support of such APIs, restrict our access to their APIs, or alter the terms or practices governing their use in a manner that is adverse to our business, we may be restricted or may not be able to provide synchronization capabilities, which could significantly diminish the value of our platform and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, if any of these accounting software providers reconfigure their platforms in a manner that no longer supports our integration with their accounting software, we would lose customers and our business would be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to increase adoption of our platform with customers of these accounting software solutions, our growth prospects may be adversely affected. In addition, any of these accounting software providers may seek to develop a payment solution of its own, acquire a solution to compete with ours, or decide to partner with other competing applications, any of which its SMB customers may select over ours, thereby harming our growth prospects and reputation and adversely affecting our business and operating results. 
 We depend on third-party service providers to process transactions on our platform and to provide other services important to the operation of our business. Any significant disruption in services provided by these vendors could prevent us from processing transactions on our platform, result in other interruptions to our business and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We depend on banks, including JPMorgan Chase, to process ACH transactions and checks for our customers. We also rely on third-party providers to support other aspects of our business, including, for example, for card transaction processing, check printing, real-time payments, virtual and physical card issuance, and our cross-border funds transfer capabilities. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, we are unable to comply with security, compliance, or operational obligations to which we are subject under agreements with these providers, these providers are unable to meet their obligations to us, or we experience substantial disruptions in these relationships, including as a result of the closure or insolvency of banks with which we do business, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted. In addition, in some cases a provider may be the sole source, or one of a limited number of sources, of the services they provide to us and we may experience increased costs and difficulties in replacing those providers and replacement services may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. 
 28 

Interruptions or delays in the services provided by AWS or other third-party data centers or internet service providers could impair the delivery of our platform and our business could suffer. 
 We host our platform using third-party cloud infrastructure services, including certain co-location facilities. We also use public cloud hosting with Amazon Web Services (AWS). All of our products utilize resources operated by us through these providers. We therefore depend on our third-party cloud providers ability to protect their data centers against damage or interruption from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, criminal acts, and similar events. Our operations depend on protecting the cloud infrastructure hosted by such providers by maintaining their respective configuration, architecture, and interconnection specifications, as well as the information stored in these virtual data centers and transmitted by third-party internet service providers. We have periodically experienced service disruptions in the past, and we cannot assure you that we will not experience interruptions or delays in our service in the future. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative equipment or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage the data storage services we use. Although we have disaster recovery plans that utilize multiple data storage locations, any incident affecting their infrastructure that may be caused by fire, flood, severe storm, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failures, unauthorized intrusion, computer viruses and disabling devices, natural disasters, military actions, terrorist attacks, negligence, and other similar events beyond our control could negatively affect our platform. Any prolonged service disruption affecting our platform for any of the foregoing reasons could damage our reputation with current and potential customers, expose us to liability, cause us to lose customers, or otherwise harm our business. Also, in the event of damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur. System failures or outages, including any potential disruptions due to significantly increased global demand on certain cloud-based systems, could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Our platform is accessed by many customers, often at the same time. As we continue to expand the number of our customers and products available to our customers, we may not be able to scale our technology to accommodate the increased capacity requirements, which may result in interruptions or delays in service. In addition, the failure of data centers, internet service providers, or other third-party service providers to meet our capacity requirements could result in interruptions or delays in access to our platform or impede our ability to grow our business and scale our operations. If our third-party infrastructure service agreements are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, interruption of internet service provider connectivity, or damage to data centers, we could experience interruptions in access to our platform as well as delays and additional expense in arranging new facilities and services 
 Moreover, we are in the process of migrating our systems from internal data centers and smaller vendors to AWS. AWS provides us with computing and storage capacity pursuant to an agreement that continues until terminated by either party. We have a limited history of operating on AWS. As we migrate our data from our servers to AWS servers, we may experience some duplication and incur additional costs. If our data migration is not successful, or if AWS unexpectedly terminates our agreement, we would be forced to incur additional expenses to locate an alternative provider and may experience outages or disruptions to our service. Any service disruption affecting our platform during such migration or while operating on the AWS cloud infrastructure could damage our reputation with current and potential customers, expose us to liability, cause us to lose customers, or otherwise harm our business. 
 If we lose our founder or key members of our management team or are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed. 
 Our success and future growth depend upon the continued services of our management team and other key employees. Our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Ren Lacerte, is critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our products, our partnerships, our culture, our relationships with accounting firms, and our strategy. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives and key employees, which could disrupt our business. In addition, we may face challenges retaining senior management of acquired businesses. Our senior management and key employees are employed on an at-will basis. We currently do not have key person insurance for any of our employees. Certain of our key employees have been with us for a long period of time and have fully vested 
 29 

stock options or other long-term equity incentives that may become valuable and are publicly tradable. The loss of our founder, or one or more of our senior management, key members of senior management of acquired companies or other key employees could harm our business, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key employees or that we would be able to timely replace members of our senior management or other key employees should any of them depart. 
 In addition, to execute our business strategy, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We compete with many other companies for software developers with high levels of experience in designing, developing, and managing cloud-based software and payments systems, as well as for skilled legal and compliance and risk operations professionals. Competition for software developers, compliance and risk management personnel, and other key employees in our industry and locations is intense and increasing and may be exacerbated in tight labor markets. We may also face increased competition for personnel from other companies which adopt approaches to remote work that differ from ours. In addition, the current regulatory environment related to immigration is uncertain, including with respect to the availability of H1-B and other visas. If a new or revised visa program is implemented, it may impact our ability to recruit, hire, retain, or effectively collaborate with qualified skilled personnel, including in the areas of AI and machine learning, and payment systems and risk management, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we do and can frequently offer such personnel substantially greater compensation than we can offer. If we fail to identify, attract, develop, and integrate new personnel, or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our growth prospects would be adversely affected. 
 Future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, collaborations, or alliances could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We have in the past and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, products, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform, enhance our technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. For example, in November 2022 we completed the acquisition of Finmark Financial, Inc. to augment our financial planning product offerings. However, we have limited experience in acquiring other businesses, and we may not successfully identify desirable acquisition targets in the future. Moreover, an acquisition, investment, or business relationship may not further our business strategy or result in the economic benefits or synergies as expected or may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including disrupting our ongoing operations, diverting management from their primary responsibilities, subjecting us to additional liabilities, increasing our expenses, and adversely impacting our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 In addition, the technology and information security systems and infrastructure of businesses we acquire may be underdeveloped or subject to vulnerabilities, subjecting us to additional liabilities. We could incur significant costs related to the implementation of enhancements to or the scaling of information security systems and infrastructure of acquired businesses and related to the remediation of any related security breaches. If security, data protection, and information security measures in place at businesses we acquire are inadequate or breached, or are subject to cybersecurity attacks, or if any of the foregoing is reported or perceived to have occurred, our reputation and business could be damaged and we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, proceedings, and penalties. We may also acquire businesses whose operations may not be fully compliant with all applicable law, including economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, and privacy laws, subjecting us to potential liabilities and requiring us to spend considerable time, effort, and resources to address. 
 Moreover, we may acquire businesses whose management or compliance functions require significant investments to support current and anticipated future product offerings, or that have underdeveloped internal control infrastructures or procedures or with respect to which we discover significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. The costs that we may incur to implement or improve such functions, controls, and procedures may be substantial and we could encounter unexpected delays and challenges related to such activity. 
 Given the complexity of our platform and the distinct interface and tools that we offer to our accounting firm partners and financial institution partners, it may be critical that certain businesses or technologies that we acquire be successfully and fully integrated into our platform. In addition, some acquisitions may require us to 
 30 

spend considerable time, effort, and resources to integrate employees from the acquired business into our teams, and acquisitions of companies in lines of business in which we lack expertise may require considerable management time, oversight, and research before we see the desired benefit of such acquisitions. Therefore, we may be exposed to unknown liabilities and the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment, or business relationship may not be realized, if, for example, we fail to successfully integrate such acquisitions, or the technologies associated with such acquisitions, into our company. The challenges and costs of integrating and achieving anticipated synergies and benefits of transactions, and the risk that the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction may not be fully realized or take longer to realize than expected, may be compounded where we attempt to integrate multiple acquired businesses within similar timeframes, as was the case with the concurrent integration efforts related to our acquisitions of the Divvy and Invoice2go businesses. 
 Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, as well as unfavorable accounting treatment and exposure to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims. We also may not generate sufficient financial returns to offset the costs and expenses related to any acquisitions. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our business, operating results, and financial condition may suffer. 
 If we fail to offer high-quality customer support, or if our support is more expensive than anticipated, our business and reputation could suffer. 
 Our customers rely on our customer support services to resolve issues and realize the full benefits provided by our platform, as well as to understand and fully utilize the growing suite of products we offer. A range of high-quality support options is critical for the renewal and expansion of our subscriptions with existing customers: we provide customer support via chat, email, and phone through a combination of AI-assisted interactions with the BILL Virtual Assistant as well as robust support from a highly trained staff of customer success personnel. If we do not help our customers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, or if our support personnel or methods of providing support are insufficient to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to retain customers, increase adoption by our existing customers, and acquire new customers could suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential customers could be harmed. If we are not able to meet the customer support needs of our customers during the hours that we currently provide support, we may need to increase our support coverage or provide additional support, which may reduce our profitability. 
 If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing regulations, and changing business needs, requirements, or preferences, our products may become less competitive. 
 The market for SMB software financial back-office solutions is relatively new and subject to ongoing technological change, evolving industry standards, payment methods, and changing regulations, as well as changing customer needs, requirements, and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis, including launching new products and services. In addition, the market for our spend and expense management solution is new and fragmented, and it is uncertain whether we will achieve and sustain high levels of demand and market adoption. The success of any new product and service, or any enhancements or modifications to existing products and services, depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction, and market acceptance of such products and services, enhancements, and modifications. If we are unable to enhance our platform, add new payment methods, or develop new products that keep pace with technological and regulatory change and achieve market acceptance, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive products and services at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely than our products, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. Furthermore, modifications to our existing platform or technology will increase our research and development expenses. Any failure of our services to operate effectively with existing or future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer or spending business dissatisfaction, and adversely affect our business. 
 
 If the prices we charge for our services are unacceptable to our customers, our operating results will be harmed. 
 31 

We generate revenue by charging customers a fixed monthly rate per user for subscriptions as well as transaction fees. As the market for our platform matures, or as new or existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, we may experience pricing pressure and be unable to renew our agreements with existing customers or attract new customers at prices that are consistent with our pricing model and operating budget. Our pricing strategy for new products we introduce and existing products we continue to offer may prove to be unappealing to our customers, and our competitors could choose to bundle certain products and services competitive with ours. If this were to occur, it is possible that we would have to change our pricing strategies or reduce our prices, which could harm our revenue, gross profits, and operating results. 
 We typically provide service level commitments under our financial institution partner agreements. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we could be obligated to provide credits or refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused subscription services or face contract terminations, which could adversely affect our revenue. 
 Our agreements with our financial institution partners typically contain service level commitments evaluated on a monthly basis. If we are unable to meet the stated service level commitments or suffer extended periods of unavailability for our platform, we may be contractually obligated to provide these partners with service credits, up to 10 of the partner s subscription fees for the month in which the service level was not met. In addition, we could face contract terminations, in which case we would be subject to refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused subscription services. Our revenue could be significantly affected if we suffer unexcused downtime under our agreements with our partners. Further, any extended service outages could adversely affect our reputation, revenue, and operating results. 
 We may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our customers growing needs, and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our operating results could be harmed. 
 As usage of our platform grows and we sign additional partners, we will need to devote additional resources to improving and maintaining our infrastructure and computer network and integrating with third-party applications to maintain the performance of our platform. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems and our services organization, including customer support, risk and compliance operations, and professional services, to serve our growing customer base. 
 Any failure of or delay in these efforts could result in service interruptions, impaired system performance, and reduced customer satisfaction, resulting in decreased sales to new customers, lower subscription renewal rates by existing customers, the issuance of service credits, or requested refunds, all of which could hurt our revenue growth. If sustained or repeated, these performance issues could reduce the attractiveness of our platform to customers and could result in lost customer opportunities and lower renewal rates, any of which could hurt our revenue growth, customer loyalty, and our reputation. Even if we are successful in these efforts to scale our business, they will be expensive and complex, and require the dedication of significant management time and attention. We could also face inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. We cannot be sure that the expansion and improvements to our internal infrastructure will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, and such failures could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Failure to effectively develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products. 
 Our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our sales and marketing organizations, and to deploy our sales and marketing resources efficiently. Although we will adjust our sales and marketing spend levels as needed in response to changes in the economic environment, we plan to continue expanding our direct-to-SMB sales force as well as our sales force focused on identifying new partnership opportunities. We also dedicate significant resources to sales and marketing programs, including digital advertising through services such as Google AdWords. The effectiveness and cost of our online advertising has varied over time and may vary in the future due to competition for key search terms, changes in search engine use, and changes in the search algorithms used by major search engines. These efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources. 
 32 

In addition, our ability to broaden the spending business base for our Divvy spend and expense management offerings and achieve broader market acceptance of these products will depend to a significant extent on the ability of our sales and marketing organizations to work together to drive our sales pipeline and cultivate spending business and partner relationships to drive revenue growth. If we are unable to recruit, hire, develop, and retain talented sales or marketing personnel, if our new sales or marketing personnel and partners are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective, our ability to broaden our spending business base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform could be harmed. Moreover, our Divvy marketing efforts depend significantly on our ability to call on our current spending businesses to provide positive references to new, potential spending business customers. Given our limited number of long-term spending businesses, the loss or dissatisfaction of any spending business could substantially harm our brand and reputation, inhibit the market adoption of our offering, and impair our ability to attract new spending businesses and maintain existing spending businesses. 
 Our business and operating results will be harmed if our sales and marketing efforts do not generate significant increases in revenue. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales force if we are unable to hire, develop, integrate, and retain talented and effective sales personnel, if our new and existing sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs and advertising are not effective. 
 We currently handle cross-border payments and plan to expand our payments offerings to new customers and to make payments to new countries, creating a variety of operational challenges. 
 A component of our growth strategy involves our cross-border payments product and, ultimately, expanding our operations internationally. Although we do not currently offer our payments products to customers outside the U.S., starting in 2018, we introduced cross-border payments, and now, working with two international payment services, offer our U.S.-based customers the ability to disburse funds to over 130 countries. We are continuing to adapt to and develop strategies to address payments to new countries. However, there is no guarantee that such efforts will have the desired effect. 
 Our cross-border payments product and international expansion strategy involve a variety of risks, including: 
 complying with financial regulations and our ability to comply and obtain any relevant licenses in applicable countries or jurisdictions; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations and our cross-border payments providers' ability to provide us favorable currency exchange rates, which may impact our revenues and expenses; 
 reduction or cessation in cross-border trade resulting from government sanctions, trade tariffs or restrictions, other trade regulations or strained international relations; 
 potential application of more stringent regulations relating to privacy, information protection, and data security, and the authorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information; 
 sanctions imposed by applicable government authorities or jurisdictions, such as OFAC, or comparable authorities in other countries; 
 exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), U.S. bribery laws, the UK Bribery Act, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; 
 unexpected changes in tax laws; and 
 cessation of business of a cross-border payment service provider or other limitation or inability of a cross-border payment service provider to make payments into certain countries, including for the reasons set forth above. 
 If we invest substantial time and resources to further expand our cross-border payments offering and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and operating results may suffer. 
 33 

A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from interchange revenue, which exposes us to potential variability in income and other risks. 
 Certain of our products, including our Divvy charge card and our virtual card products, generate revenue primarily from interchange paid by the supplier accepting the cards for purchase transactions. Interchange revenue comprises a substantial portion of our total revenue. The amount of interchange fees we earn is highly dependent upon the interchange rates set by the third-party card networks and, from time to time, card networks change the interchange fees and assessments they charge for transactions processed using their networks. In addition, interchange fees are the subject of intense legal and regulatory scrutiny and competitive pressures in the electronic payments industry. 
 Interchange revenue involves a variety of risks, including: 
 interchange revenue fluctuations due to the variability of card acceptance practices at supplier locations, and the resulting effect on our revenue; 
 changes in card network interchange rates or rules which could dissuade new and existing card-accepting suppliers from continuing to accept card payments; 
 unexpected compliance and risk management imposed by the card networks or resulting from changes in regulation; 
 declines in the number of active card-accepting suppliers due to concerns about cost or operational complexity; and 
 unexpected changes in card acceptance or card issuing rules which may impact our ability to offer this payment product. 
 Any of these developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 If we fail to maintain and enhance our brands, our ability to expand our customer base will be impaired and our business, operating results, and financial condition may suffer. 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands are important to support the marketing and sale of our existing and future products to new customers and partners and to expand sales of our platforms to new and existing customers and partners. Our ability to protect our BILL brand is limited as a result of its descriptive nature. Successfully maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing and demand generation efforts, our ability to provide reliable products that continue to meet the needs of our customers at competitive prices, our ability to maintain our customers trust, our ability to continue to develop new functionality and products, and our ability to successfully differentiate our platform and products from competitive products and services. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands, our business could suffer. 
 Changes to payment card networks rules or fees could harm our business. 
 We are required to comply with the Mastercard, American Express, and Visa payment card network operating rules applicable to our card products. We have agreed to reimburse certain service providers for any fines they are assessed by payment card networks as a result of any rule violations by us. We may also be directly liable to the payment card networks for rule violations. The payment card networks set and interpret the card operating rules. The payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or reinterpret existing rules that we or our processors might find difficult or even impossible to follow, or costly to implement. We also may seek to introduce other card-related products in the future, which would entail compliance with additional operating rules. As a result of any violations of rules, new rules being implemented, or increased fees, we could be hindered or lose our ability to provide our card products, which would adversely affect our business. In addition, we are contractually obligated to comply with MasterCard and Visa network rules as a card program manager. As a result of any violations of these rules or new rules being implemented, we could lose our ability or rights to act as a card program manager. 
 34 

We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity and debt financings, sales of subscriptions to our products, usage-based transaction fees and interest earned on customer funds. We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business, which may require us to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. We may also seek to raise additional capital from equity or debt financings on an opportunistic basis when we believe there are suitable opportunities for doing so. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to holders of common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity securities, including in connection with merger and acquisition transactions, stockholders will experience dilution. In addition, new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. During fiscal 2023, interest rates increased and the trading prices for our common stock and other technology companies have been highly volatile, which may reduce our ability to access capital on favorable terms or at all. More recently, credit and capital markets have been impacted by instability in the U.S. banking system. In addition, a recession or depression, high inflation, or other sustained adverse market event could materially and adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in the future will depend on numerous considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future issuances of debt or equity securities. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of future issuances of debt or equity securities reducing the value of our common stock and diluting their interests. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of approximately 1.4 billion, 1.1 billion, and 83.4 million for federal, state, and foreign tax purposes, respectively, that are available to reduce future taxable income. If not utilized, the state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2025. As of June 30, 2023, the federal and foreign NOL carryforwards do not expire and will carry forward indefinitely until utilized. As of June 30, 2023, we also had research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately 56.1 million and 35.6 million for federal and state tax purposes, respectively. If not utilized, the federal tax credits will expire at various dates beginning in 2039. The state tax credits do not expire and will carry forward indefinitely until utilized. In general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and other tax attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset future taxable income or income tax. If it is determined that we have in the past experienced an ownership change, or if we undergo one or more ownership changes as a result of future transactions in our stock, then our ability to utilize NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes could be limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, many of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Sections 382 or 383 of the Code. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs, even if we were to achieve profitability. In addition, any future changes in tax laws could impact our ability to utilize NOLs in future years and may result in greater tax liabilities than we would otherwise incur and adversely affect our cash flows and financial position. 
 We could be required to collect additional sales taxes or be subject to other tax liabilities that may increase the costs our customers would have to pay for our offering and adversely affect our operating results. 
 The vast majority of states have considered or adopted laws that impose tax collection obligations on out-of-state companies. States where we have nexus may require us to calculate, collect, and remit taxes on sales in their jurisdiction. Additionally, the Supreme Court of the U.S. recently ruled in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. et al (Wayfair) that online sellers can be required to collect sales and use tax despite not having a physical presence in the buyer s state. In response to Wayfair, or otherwise, states or local governments may enforce laws requiring us to calculate, collect, and remit taxes on sales in their jurisdictions. We may be obligated to 
 35 

collect and remit sales and use taxes in states where we have not collected and remitted sales and use taxes. A successful assertion by one or more states requiring us to collect taxes where we historically have not or presently do not do so could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest. The imposition by state governments or local governments of sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state sellers could also create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a perceived competitive disadvantage if they do not impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our effective tax rate could increase due to several factors, including: 
 changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various U.S. and international jurisdictions in which we operate due to differing statutory tax rates in various jurisdictions; 
 changes in tax laws, tax treaties, and regulations or the interpretation of them, including the 2017 Tax Act as modified by the CARES Act, and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022; 
 changes to our assessment about our ability to realize our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic and political environments in which we do business; 
 the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations, or administrative appeals; and 
 limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions. 
 Any of these developments could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We use artificial intelligence in our business, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We currently leverage AI into certain aspects of our platform, such as prepopulating invoices based on the historical behavior of businesses using our solutions and modeling businesses' creditworthiness and offering them and their counterparties expedited means of payment. Moving forward, we anticipate that AI will become increasingly important to our platform. Our competitors and other third parties may incorporate AI into their products and offerings more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, if the content, analyses, or recommendations that AI applications assist in producing are or are alleged to be inaccurate, deficient, or biased, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The use of AI applications has resulted in, and may in the future result in, cybersecurity incidents that implicate the personal data of customers analyzed within such applications. Any such cybersecurity incidents related to our use of AI applications to analysis personal data could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. AI also presents emerging ethical issues and if our use of AI becomes controversial, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. The rapid evolution of AI, including potential government regulation of AI and it various uses, will require significant resources to develop, test and maintain our platform, offerings, services, and features to help us implement AI ethically in order to minimize unintended, harmful impact. 
 Natural catastrophic events, pandemics, and man-made problems such as power-disruptions, computer viruses, data security breaches, war, and terrorism may disrupt our business. 
 Natural disasters, pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, other catastrophic events, and man-made problems, such as terrorism, war, or economic or trade sanctions related to war (including the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine), may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global economy, and thus could harm our business. We have a large employee presence in the San Francisco Bay Area in California, Draper, Utah, Houston, Texas and Sydney, Australia, and our data centers are located in California and Arizona. The west coast of the U.S. contains active earthquake zones and is subject to frequent wildfire outbreaks, the Houston area frequently experiences significant hurricanes and Sydney also frequently experiences wildfires. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or catastrophic event such as fire, flooding, power loss, telecommunications failure, vandalism, cyber-attack, war, or terrorist attack, we may 
 36 

be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our application development, lengthy interruptions in our products, breaches of data security, and loss of critical data, all of which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, data centers depend on predictable and reliable energy and networking capabilities, which could be affected by a variety of factors, including climate change. 
 Additionally, as computer malware, viruses, and computer hacking, fraudulent use attempts, and phishing attacks have become more prevalent, we, and third parties upon which we rely, face increased risk in maintaining the performance, reliability, security, and availability of our solutions and related services and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of our customers. Any computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, fraudulent use attempts, phishing attacks, or other data security breaches related to our network infrastructure or information technology systems or to computer hardware we lease from third parties, could, among other things, harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. 
 In addition, the insurance we maintain may be insufficient to cover our losses resulting from disasters, cyber-attacks, or other business interruptions, and any incidents may result in loss of, or increased costs of, such insurance. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. Sarbanes-Oxley requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. It may require significant resources and management oversight to maintain and, if necessary, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Although we have already hired additional employees to comply with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which would increase our costs and expenses. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley (Section 404), to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 This assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting, as well as a statement that our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires our independent registered public accounting firm to annually attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which has, and will continue to, require increased costs, expenses, and management resources. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls could lead us to restate our financial statements, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock, and result in additional costs to remediate such material weaknesses. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, we may need to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring accounting or internal audit staff. For example, in May 2023, we concluded that a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting existed as of 
 37 

June 30, 2022, as a result of insufficient testing, documentation, and evidence retention related to certain information systems and applications within the quote-to-cash process. While this material weakness was remediated as of June 30, 2023, there can be no assurance that we will not have material weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm issues an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NYSE. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported operating results and financial condition and could affect the reporting of transactions already completed before the announcement of a change. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operating Results Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments may involve the variable consideration used in revenue recognition for certain contracts, determination of useful lives of long-lived intangible assets, present value estimation of operating lease liabilities, the estimate of losses on accounts receivable, acquired card receivables and other financial assets, accrual for rewards, inputs used to value certain stock-based compensation awards, benefit period to amortize deferred costs and valuation of income taxes. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts, including those we have generated ourselves, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The variables that go into the calculation of our market opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that any particular number or percentage of addressable users or companies covered by our market opportunity estimates will purchase our products at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. Any expansion in the markets in which we operate depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our platforms and those of our competitors. Even if the markets in which we compete meet the size estimates and growth forecasted, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, our forecasts of market growth should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. 
 We rely on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our performance metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 38 

We calculate and track certain customer and other performance metrics with internal tools, which are not independently verified by any third party. While we believe our metrics are reasonable estimates of our customer base and payment and transaction volumes for the applicable period of measurement, the methodologies used to measure these metrics require significant judgment and may be susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors. For example, the accuracy and consistency of our performance metrics may be impacted by changes to internal assumptions regarding how we account for and track customers, limitations on system implementations, and limitations on the ability of third-party tools to match our database. If the internal tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data (or the data that we measure) may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our longer-term strategies. Further, as our business develops, we may revise or cease reporting certain metrics if we determine that such metrics are no longer accurate or appropriate measures of our performance. If our performance metrics are not accurate representations of our business, customer base, or payment or transaction volumes, if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, or if the metrics we rely on to track our performance do not provide an accurate measurement of our business, our reputation may be harmed, we may be subject to legal or regulatory actions, and our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Any future litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. 
 We have in the past and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as claims brought by our customers in connection with commercial disputes, employment claims made by our current or former employees, or claims for reimbursement following misappropriation of customer data. Litigation might result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, overall financial condition, and operating results. Insurance might not cover such claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims, and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or under-insured could result in unanticipated costs, thereby reducing our operating results and leading analysts or potential investors to reduce their expectations of our performance, which could reduce the trading price of our stock. 
 If we cannot maintain our company culture as we grow, our success and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe our culture has been a key contributor to our success to date and that the critical nature of the platform that we provide promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment in our employees. Inorganic growth through mergers and acquisitions may pose significant challenges to assimilating the company cultures of acquired companies. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, which is critical to our growth, and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. As we grow and develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our culture. If we fail to maintain our company culture, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk relating to our Australian operations. 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk relating to our Australian operations and Australian subsidiary. A change in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly in Australian dollars to U.S. dollars, can affect our financial results due to transaction gains or losses related to the remeasurement of certain monetary asset and monetary liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, which is the functional currency of our Australian subsidiary. In addition, we expect our exposure to foreign currency rate risks in the future to increase as our international operations increase. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation and Privacy Matters 
 Payments and other financial services-related regulations and oversight are material to our business. Our failure to comply could materially harm our business. 
 The local, state, and federal laws, rules, regulations, licensing requirements, and industry standards that govern our business include, or may in the future include, those relating to banking, deposit-taking, cross-border and domestic money transmission, foreign exchange, payments services (such as licensed money 
 39 

transmission, payment processing, and settlement services), lending, anti-money laundering, combating terrorist financing, escheatment, international sanctions regimes, and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store, or transmit payment card information maintain a secure environment to protect spending business data. In addition, Divvy is required to maintain loan brokering or servicing licenses in a number of U.S. states in which it conducts business and is contractually obligated to comply with FDIC federal banking regulations, as well as Visa and MasterCard network rules as a card program manager. These laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and standards are enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the U.S., including the Department of the Treasury, the FDIC, the SEC, self-regulatory organizations, and numerous state and local agencies. As we expand into new jurisdictions, the number of foreign laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and standards governing our business will expand as well. In addition, as our business and products continue to develop and expand, we may become subject to additional laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and standards. We may not always be able to accurately predict the scope or applicability of certain laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, or standards to our business, particularly as we expand into new areas of operations, which could have a significant negative effect on our existing business and our ability to pursue future plans. 
 Several of our subsidiaries maintain licenses to operate in regulated businesses in U.S. states and other countries. Our subsidiary, Bill.com, LLC, maintains licenses, as applicable, to operate as a money transmitter (or its equivalent) in the U.S., the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and, to the best of our knowledge, in all the states where such licensure or registration is required for our business. In addition, our subsidiary, Bill.com Canada, LLC is a Foreign Money Services Business in Canada and the regulations applicable to our activity in Canada are enforced by FINTRAC and Quebec s Financial Markets Authority. As a licensed money transmitter in the U.S., we are subject to obligations and restrictions with respect to the investment of customer funds, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, minimum capital requirements, and examinations by state and federal regulatory agencies concerning various aspects of our business. As a licensed Foreign Money Services business in Canada, we are subject to Canadian compliance regulations applicable to money movement and sanctions requirements. In addition, our DivvyPay, LLC subsidiary holds brokering and servicing licenses required in connection with our Divvy card offering, and certain of our other subsidiaries hold loan brokering and servicing licenses as well. 
 Evaluation of our compliance efforts in the U.S. and Canada, as well as questions as to whether and to what extent our products and services are considered money transmission, are matters of regulatory interpretation and could change over time. In the past, we have been subject to fines and other penalties by regulatory authorities for violations of state money transmission laws. Regulators and third-party auditors have also identified gaps in our anti-money laundering and sanctions program, which we have addressed through remediation processes. In the future, as a result of the regulations applicable to our business, we could be subject to investigations and resulting liability, including governmental fines, restrictions on our business, or other sanctions, and we could be forced to cease conducting certain aspects of our business with residents of certain jurisdictions, be forced to change our business practices in certain jurisdictions, or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any such licenses, and, even if we were able to do so, there could be substantial costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining such licenses, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. In addition, there are substantial costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining and renewing such licenses, certifications, and approvals, and we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action if we are found to violate disclosure, reporting, anti-money laundering, capitalization, corporate governance, or other requirements of such licenses. These factors could impose substantial additional costs, involve considerable delay to the development or provision of our products or services, require significant and costly operational changes, or prevent us from providing our products or services in any given market. 
 Government agencies may impose new or additional rules on money transmission, including regulations that: 
 prohibit, restrict, and/or impose taxes or fees on money transmission transactions in, to, or from certain countries or with certain governments, individuals, and entities; 
 impose additional customer and spending business identification and customer or spending business due diligence requirements; 
 40 

impose additional reporting or recordkeeping requirements, or require enhanced transaction monitoring; 
 limit the types of entities capable of providing money transmission services, or impose additional licensing or registration requirements; 
 impose minimum capital or other financial requirements; 
 limit or restrict the revenue that may be generated from money transmission, including revenue from interest earned on customer funds, transaction fees, and revenue derived from foreign exchange; 
 require enhanced disclosures to our money transmission customers; 
 require the principal amount of money transmission originated in a country to be invested in that country or held in trust until paid; 
 limit the number or principal amount of money transmission transactions that may be sent to or from a jurisdiction, whether by an individual or in the aggregate; and 
 restrict or limit our ability to process transactions using centralized databases, for example, by requiring that transactions be processed using a database maintained in a particular country or region. 
 Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight. Our failure to comply with extensive, complex, overlapping, and frequently changing rules, regulations, and legal interpretations could materially harm our business. 
 Our success and increased visibility may result in increased regulatory oversight and enforcement and more restrictive rules and regulations that apply to our business. We are subject to a wide variety of local, state, federal, and international laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and industry standards in the U.S. and in other countries in which we operate and in many of the approximately 150 countries in which Invoice2go has subscribers. These laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and standards govern numerous areas that are important to our business. In addition to the payments and financial services-related regulations, and the privacy, data protection, and information security-related laws described elsewhere in this " Risk Factors " section our business is also subject to, without limitation, rules and regulations applicable to: securities, labor and employment, immigration, competition, and marketing and communications practices. Laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and standards applicable to our business are subject to change and evolving interpretations and application, including by means of legislative changes and/or executive orders, and it can be difficult to predict how they may be applied to our business and the way we conduct our operations, particularly as we introduce new products and services and expand into new jurisdictions. We may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative, and other developments, and these changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned features, products, and services and/or increase our cost of doing business. 
 Although we have a compliance program focused on the laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and industry standards that we have assessed as applicable to our business and we are continually investing more in this program, there can be no assurance that our employees or contractors will not violate such laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, and industry standards. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with existing or new laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, industry standards, or orders of any governmental authority (including changes to or expansion of the interpretation of those laws, regulations, standards, or orders), may: 
 subject us to significant fines, penalties, criminal and civil lawsuits, license suspension or revocation, forfeiture of significant assets, audits, inquiries, whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, and enforcement actions in one or more jurisdictions levied by federal, state, local, or foreign regulators, state attorneys general, and private plaintiffs who may be acting as private attorneys general pursuant to various applicable federal, state, and local laws; 
 result in additional compliance and licensure requirements; 
 41 

increase regulatory scrutiny of our business; and 
 restrict our operations and force us to change our business practices or compliance program, make product or operational changes, or delay planned product launches or improvements. 
 The complexity of U.S. federal and state regulatory and enforcement regimes, coupled with the scope of our international operations and the evolving regulatory environment, could result in a single event giving rise to many overlapping investigations and legal and regulatory proceedings by multiple government authorities in different jurisdictions. 
 Any of the foregoing could, individually or in the aggregate, harm our reputation as a trusted provider, damage our brands and business, cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and to avert further breaches, expose us to legal risk and potential liability, and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly those related to privacy, data protection, and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business, by resulting in litigation, fines, penalties, or adverse publicity and reputational damage that may negatively affect the value of our business and decrease the price of our common stock. Compliance with such laws could also result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit sales of our products. 
 Our customers, their suppliers, and other users store personal and business information, financial information, and other sensitive information on our platform. In addition, we receive, store, and process personal and business information and other data from and about actual and prospective customers and users, in addition to our employees and service providers. Our handling of data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including regulation by various government agencies, such as the FTC, and various state, local, and foreign agencies. Our data handling also is subject to contractual obligations and industry standards. 
 The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use, and storage of data relating to individuals and businesses, including the use of contact information and other data for marketing, advertising, and other communications with individuals and businesses. In the U.S., various laws and regulations apply to the collection, processing, disclosure, and security of certain types of data, including the Gramm Leach Bliley Act and state laws relating to privacy and data security. Additionally, the FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. For example, in June 2018, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which became operative on January 1, 2020 and broadly defines personal information, gives California residents expanded privacy rights and protections, and provides for civil penalties for violations and a private right of action for data breaches. The CCPA was amended several times after its enactment, most recently by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), which, as of its effective date of January 1, 2023, gives California residents expanded privacy rights, including the right to opt out of certain personal information sharing, the use of sensitive personal information, and the use of personal information for automated decision-making or targeted advertising. The CCPA and CPRA provide for civil penalties and a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Many aspects of the CCPA, the CPRA, and their interpretation remain unclear, and their full impact on our business and operations remains uncertain. Following the lead of California, several other states, including Colorado, Utah, Virginia, and Connecticut have each enacted laws similar to the CCPA/CPRA and other states are considering enacting privacy laws as well. Accordingly, the laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security are evolving, can be subject to significant change, and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. 
 In addition, several foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the European Union (EU) and the United Kingdom (UK), have laws and regulations dealing with the handling and processing of personal information obtained from their residents, which in certain cases are more restrictive than those in the U.S. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure, and security of various types of data, including data that identifies or may be used to identify an individual, such as names, email addresses, and in some jurisdictions, internet protocol addresses. Our current and prospective service offerings subject us to the EU's GDPR, the UK GDPR, Australian and Canadian privacy laws, and the privacy 
 42 

laws of many other foreign jurisdictions. Such laws and regulations may be modified or subject to new or different interpretations, and new laws and regulations may be enacted in the future. 
 For example, the GDPR and the UK GDPR impose stringent operational requirements for controllers and processors of personal data of individuals within the European Economic Area and the UK, respectively, and non-compliance can trigger robust regulatory enforcement and fines of up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenues. Among other requirements, these laws regulate transfers of personal data to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal data, including the United States. The efficacy and longevity of current transfer mechanisms between the EU or the UK and the United States remains uncertain. Violations of the GDPR or the UK GDPR may also lead to damages claims by data controllers and data subjects, in addition to civil litigation claims by data controllers, customers, and data subjects. 
 The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting as a result of the rapidly evolving regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide. For example, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the ads posted, or the content provided by users. As a result of the laws that are or may be applicable to us, and due to the sensitive nature of the information we collect, we have implemented policies and procedures to preserve and protect our data and our customers data against loss, misuse, corruption, misappropriation caused by systems failures, or unauthorized access. If our policies, procedures, or measures relating to privacy, data protection, information security, marketing, or customer communications fail to comply with laws, regulations, policies, legal obligations, or industry standards, we may be subject to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, regulatory investigations, fines, penalties, and negative publicity, and it could cause our application providers, customers, and partners to lose trust in us, and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that may apply to us. Because the interpretation and application of privacy, data protection and information security laws, regulations, rules, and other standards are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws, rules, regulations, and other actual or alleged legal obligations, such as contractual or self-regulatory obligations, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the functionality of our platform. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our software, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations, policies, legal, or contractual obligations, industry standards, or regulatory guidance relating to privacy, data protection, or information security, may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties, or adverse publicity, and could cause our customers and partners to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, information security, marketing, and consumer communications, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations, and standards may have on our business. Future laws, regulations, standards, and other obligations or any changed interpretation of existing laws or regulations could impair our ability to develop and market new functionality and maintain and grow our customer base and increase revenue. Future restrictions on the collection, use, sharing, or disclosure of data, or additional requirements for express or implied consent of our customers, partners, or users for the use and disclosure of such information could require us to incur additional costs or modify our platform, possibly in a material manner, and could limit our ability to develop new functionality. 
 If we are not able to comply with these laws or regulations, or if we become liable under these laws or regulations, our business, financial condition, or reputation could be harmed, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain products, which would negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise adversely affect the growth of our business. Furthermore, any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could harm our operating results. 
 43 

We, our partners, our customers, and others who use our services obtain and process a large amount of sensitive data. Any real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to such data could harm our reputation as a trusted brand and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We, our partners, our customers, and the third-party vendors and data centers that we use, obtain and process large amounts of sensitive data, including data related to our customers and their transactions, as well as other data of the counterparties to their payments. We face risks, including to our reputation as a trusted brand, in the handling and protection of this data, and these risks will increase as our business continues to expand to include new products and technologies. 
 Cybersecurity incidents and malicious internet-based activity continue to increase generally, and providers of cloud-based services have frequently been targeted by such attacks. These cybersecurity challenges, including threats to our own information technology infrastructure or those of our customers or third-party providers, may take a variety of forms ranging from stolen bank accounts, business email compromise, customer employee fraud, account takeover, check fraud, or cybersecurity attacks, to mega breaches targeted against cloud-based services and other hosted software, which could be initiated by individual or groups of hackers or sophisticated cyber criminals. State-sponsored cybersecurity attacks on the U.S. financial system or U.S. financial service providers could also adversely affect our business. A cybersecurity incident or breach could result in disclosure of confidential information and intellectual property, or cause production downtimes and compromised data. We have in the past experienced cybersecurity incidents of limited scale. We may be unable to anticipate or prevent techniques used in the future to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems because they change frequently and often are not detected until after an incident has occurred. As we increase our customer base and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, third parties may increasingly seek to compromise our security controls or gain unauthorized access to our sensitive corporate information or our customers data. 
 We have administrative, technical, and physical security measures in place, and we have policies and procedures in place to contractually require service providers to whom we disclose data to implement and maintain reasonable privacy, data protection, and information security measures. However, if our privacy protection, data protection, or information security measures or those of the previously mentioned third parties are inadequate or are breached as a result of third-party action, employee or contractor error, malfeasance, malware, phishing, hacking attacks, system error, software bugs, or defects in our products, trickery, process failure, or otherwise, and, as a result, there is improper disclosure of, or someone obtains unauthorized access to or exfiltrates funds or sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, on our systems or our partners systems, or if we suffer a ransomware or advanced persistent threat attack, or if any of the foregoing is reported or perceived to have occurred, our reputation and business could be damaged. Recent high-profile security breaches and related disclosures of sensitive data by large institutions suggest that the risk of such events is significant, even if privacy, data protection, and information security measures are implemented and enforced. If sensitive information is lost or improperly disclosed or threatened to be disclosed, we could incur significant costs associated with remediation and the implementation of additional security measures, and may incur significant liability and financial loss, and be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, proceedings, and penalties. 
 In addition, our financial institution partners conduct regular audits of our cybersecurity program, and if any of them were to conclude that our systems and procedures are insufficiently rigorous, they could terminate their relationships with us, and our financial results and business could be adversely affected. Under our terms of service and our contracts with certain partners, if there is a breach of payment information that we store, we could be liable to the partner for their losses and related expenses. Additionally, if our own confidential business information were improperly disclosed, our business could be materially and adversely affected. A core aspect of our business is the reliability and security of our platform. Any perceived or actual breach of security, regardless of how it occurs or the extent of the breach, could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand, cause us to lose existing partners or other customers, prevent us from obtaining new partners and other customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and implement measures to prevent further breaches, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability including those resulting from governmental or regulatory investigations, class action litigation, and costs associated with remediation, such as fraud monitoring and forensics. Any actual or perceived security breach at a company providing services to us or our customers could have similar effects. Further, as the COVID-19 pandemic and 
 44 

ensuing adoption of remote work has resulted in a significant number of people working from home, these cybersecurity risks may be heightened by an increased attack surface across our business and those of our partners and service providers. We have heightened monitoring in the face of such risks, but cannot guarantee that our efforts, or the efforts of those upon whom we rely and partner with, will be successful in preventing any such information security incidents. 
 While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may be insufficient or may not cover all liabilities incurred by such attacks. We also cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and reputation. 
 We are subject to governmental laws and requirements regarding economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering, and counter-terror financing that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to criminal or civil liability if we violate them. 
 Although we currently only offer our payment and card products to customers in the U.S. and Canada, Invoice2go has international subscribers in approximately 150 countries, including Australia and several EU countries, for which payment activity is conducted through third-party payment providers. As we continue to expand internationally, we will become subject to additional laws and regulations, and will need to implement new regulatory controls to comply with applicable laws. We are currently required to comply with U.S. economic and trade sanctions administered by OFAC and we have processes in place to comply with the OFAC regulations as well as similar requirements in other jurisdictions, including the Australian Sanctions Regime, the Canadian Proceeds of Crime and Terrorist Financing Act and, to the extent we expand our offerings into the UK and the EU, UK and EU money laundering directives. As part of our compliance efforts, we scan our customers against OFAC and other watch lists and have controls to monitor and mitigate these risks. If our services are accessed from a sanctioned country in violation of the trade and economic sanctions, we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action. We are also subject to various anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations in the U.S., Canada, Australia, and around the world that prohibit, among other things, our involvement in transferring the proceeds of criminal activities. 
 In the United States, most of our services are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the BSA and similar state laws and regulations. The BSA requires, among other things, MSBs to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, to report suspicious activity, and in some cases, to collect and maintain information about customers who use their services and maintain other transaction records. Regulators in the United States, Canada, Australia, and in many other foreign jurisdictions continue to increase their scrutiny of compliance with these obligations, which may require us to further revise or expand our compliance program, including the procedures we use to verify the identity of our customers and to monitor transactions on our system, including payments to persons outside of the U.S., Canada, and Australia. Regulators regularly re-examine the transaction volume thresholds at which we must obtain and keep applicable records or verify identities of customers, and any change in such thresholds could result in greater costs for compliance. 
 We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm our business. 
 We are subject to the FCPA, U.S. domestic bribery laws, and other anti-corruption laws, including Australia s anti-bribery laws, the Canadian Criminal Code and the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, and their third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public sector. These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. Although we currently only offer our payment and card products to customers in the U.S.,and payment services in Canada and the United Kingdom, Invoice2go has international subscribers in approximately 150 countries, including Australia and several EU countries for 
 45 

which payment activity is conducted through third-party payment providers. As we increase our international cross-border business and expand operations abroad, we may engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our services and obtain necessary permits, licenses, and other regulatory approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 
 We cannot assure you that all of our employees and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we increase our international business, our risks under these laws may increase. 
 Detecting, investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations of anti-corruption laws can require a significant diversion of time, resources, and attention from senior management. In addition, noncompliance with anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, other civil or criminal penalties, injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas are received or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal proceeding, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we fail to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose valuable assets, generate less revenue, and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 
 Our success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret laws, and contractual provisions to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate. While we have been issued patents in the U.S. and have additional patent applications pending, we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications. In addition, any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Any of our patents, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights may be challenged or circumvented by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. There can be no guarantee that others will not independently develop similar products, duplicate any of our products, or design around our patents. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our products and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. 
 We have been in the past, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly and may subject us to significant liability and increased costs of doing business. 
 We have been in the past and may in the future become subject to intellectual property disputes. Lawsuits are time-consuming and expensive to resolve and they divert management s time and attention. Although we carry insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits and cannot assure you that the results of any such actions will not have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 The software industry is characterized by the existence of many patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual and proprietary rights. Companies in the software industry are often required to defend against litigation claims based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims against their use. In addition, many companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Any litigation may also involve patent holding 
 46 

companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenue, and therefore, our patents may provide little or no deterrence as we would not be able to assert them against such entities or individuals. If a third party is able to obtain an injunction preventing us from accessing such third-party intellectual property rights, or if we cannot license or develop alternative technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our software or cease business activities related to such intellectual property. Any inability to license third-party technology in the future would have an adverse effect on our business or operating results and would adversely affect our ability to compete. We may also be contractually obligated to indemnify our customers in the event of infringement of a third party s intellectual property rights. Responding to such claims, regardless of their merit, can be time consuming, costly to defend, and damaging to our reputation and brand. 
 Indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement, data protection, and other losses. 
 Our agreements with financial institution partners and some larger customers include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement, data protection, damages caused by us to property or persons, or other liabilities relating to or arising from our platform or other contractual obligations. Some of these indemnity agreements provide for uncapped liability and some indemnity provisions survive termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. Large indemnity payments could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Although we normally limit our liability with respect to such obligations in our contracts with direct customers and with customers acquired through our accounting firm partners, we may still incur substantial liability, and we may be required to cease use of certain functions of our platform or products, as a result of intellectual property-related claims. Any dispute with a customer with respect to these obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with that customer and other existing or new customers, and harm our business and operating results. In addition, although we carry insurance, our insurance may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed, or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims alleging compromises of customer data, and any such coverage may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 We use open source software in our products, which could subject us to litigation or other actions. 
 We use open source software in our products. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate it into their products. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our products. In addition, if we were to combine our proprietary software products with open source software in a certain manner under certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software products. If we inappropriately use or incorporate open source software subject to certain types of open source licenses that challenge the proprietary nature of our products, we may be required to re-engineer such products, discontinue the sale of such products, or take other remedial actions. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our debt service obligations, including the Notes, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had outstanding 1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of 0 convertible senior notes due December 1, 2025 (the 2025 Notes), 575.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0 convertible senior notes due April 1, 2027 (the 2027 Notes, and together with the 2025 Notes, the Notes), and had drawn 135.0 million under our Revolving Credit Facility, as described in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our ability to make payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes and our Revolving Credit Facility, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. Moreover, our obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by our Divvy credit card receivables and certain other collateral. Our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, 
 47 

restructuring debt, or obtaining additional debt financing or equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance any future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. In addition, any of our future debt agreements may contain restrictive covenants that may prohibit us from adopting any of these alternatives. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of our debt. 
 In addition, our indebtedness, combined with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could have other important consequences. For example, it could: 
 make us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general U.S. and worldwide economic, industry, and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; 
 place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors who have less debt; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional amounts to fund acquisitions, for working capital, and for other general corporate purposes; and 
 make an acquisition of our company less attractive or more difficult. 
 Any of these factors could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks related to our business and our ability to service or repay our indebtedness would increase. We are also required to comply with the covenants set forth in the indentures governing the Notes. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the note holders or lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, any outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of our securities. Downgrades in our credit ratings could restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and could affect the terms of any such financing. 
 We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary for cash settlement upon conversion of the Notes or to repurchase the Notes for cash upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes or to repurchase the Notes. 
 Holders of the Notes have the right to require us to repurchase their notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indentures governing the 2025 Notes and 2027 Notes, respectively) at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of the Notes surrendered or the Notes being converted. In addition, our ability to repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversions of the Notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority, or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. 
 In addition to the Notes, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our current and future debt instruments, some of which may be secured debt. We are not restricted under the terms of the indentures governing the Notes from incurring additional debt, securing existing or future debt, recapitalizing our debt, or taking a number of other actions that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the Notes when due. 
 Our failure to repurchase the Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the applicable indenture or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the Notes as required by such indenture would constitute a default under that indenture. A default under one of the indentures or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under the other indenture or other agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or 
 48 

grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, when triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 1, 2025, in the case of the 2025 Notes, and January 1, 2027, in the case of the 2027 Notes, the holders of the applicable Notes may elect to convert their Notes during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the conversion price on each applicable trading day (Conversion Condition). The Conversion Condition for the 2025 Notes and 2027 Notes was not triggered as of June 30, 2023, but had been triggered for the 2025 Notes in several prior quarters. In the event the Conversion Condition is triggered, holders of the Notes will be entitled to convert the Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 The Capped Calls may affect the value of our Notes and our common stock. 
 In connection with the sale of each of the 2025 Notes and the 2027 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated Capped Call transactions (collectively, the Capped Calls) with certain financial institutions (option counterparties). The Capped Call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution upon conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 The option counterparties and/or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the applicable maturity of the 2025 Notes and the 2027 Notes (and are likely to do so following any conversion, repurchase, or redemption of the Notes, to the extent we exercise the relevant election under the Capped Calls). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the Notes, which could affect note holders ability to convert the Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of the Notes, it could affect the number of shares and value of the consideration that note holders will receive upon conversion of the Notes. 
 We do not make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the Notes or our common stock. In addition, we do not make any representation that the option counterparties will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Calls. 
 The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the Capped Calls. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Past global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the Capped Calls with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. 
 49 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The stock price of our common stock has been, and will likely continue to be volatile, and you may lose part or all of your investment. 
 The market for our common stock has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile. In addition to the factors discussed in this report, the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 overall performance of the equity markets; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results; 
 changes in the financial projections we may provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections; 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 the economy as a whole and market conditions in our industry, such as high inflation and high interest rate and recessionary environments; 
 the global macroeconomic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 negative publicity related to the real or perceived quality of our platform, as well as the failure to timely launch new products and services that gain market acceptance; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services, commercial relationships, or significant technical innovations; 
 acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us, litigation involving our industry, or both; 
 developments or disputes concerning our or other parties products, services, or intellectual property rights; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 
 interpretations of any of the above or other factors by trading algorithms, including those that employ natural language processing and related methods to evaluate our public disclosures; 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war (such as the war in Ukraine), incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; 
 instability in the U.S. and global banking systems; 
 the expiration of contractual lock-up agreements; and 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders. 
 In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. Stock prices of many companies, and technology companies in particular, have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it 
 50 

could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely affect our business. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, and affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights, and preferences determined by our board of directors that may be senior to our common stock; 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be affected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 
 specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, or our chief executive officer; 
 establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 
 establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 
 prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 provide that our directors may be removed for cause only upon the vote of sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 
 require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of common stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation. 
 In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our second amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, to the fullest extent permitted by law, will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our second amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. These exclusive forum provisions will not apply to claims that are vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or for which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have subject matter jurisdiction. For instance, these provisions would not preclude the filing of claims brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), or the rules and regulations thereunder in federal court. 
 51 

Moreover, Section 203 of the DGCL may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations, and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 
 As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, which we expect to further increase. Sarbanes-Oxley, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the NYSE, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly compared to when we were a private company. 
 Our management team has limited experience managing a public company. 
 Our management team has limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors and securities analysts, and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. These new obligations and constituents require significant attention from our management team and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 Our stock price and trading volume is heavily influenced by the way analysts and investors interpret our financial information and other disclosures. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, downgrade our common stock, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline and could decrease the trading volume of our common stock. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and may make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. 
 The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market. The perception that these sales might occur may also cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We had a total of 106,550,211 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2023. All shares of our common stock are either freely tradable, generally without restrictions or further registration under the Securities Act, or have been registered for resale under the Securities Act by us, subject to certain exceptions for shares held by our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 
 In addition, we have filed registration statements on Form S-8 to register shares reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. Subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions, the shares issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options or settlement of outstanding restricted stock units will be available for immediate resale in the United States in the open market. 
 52 

In addition, we have in the past, and may in the future, issue our shares of common stock or securities convertible into our common stock from time to time in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, or otherwise. We also expect to grant additional equity awards to employees and directors under our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and rights to purchase our common stock under our 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Any such issuances could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 
 The timing and amount of any repurchases under our Share Repurchase Program are subject to a number of uncertainties. 
 In January 2023, our board of directors approved the repurchase of up to 300 million of our outstanding shares of common stock (the Share Repurchase Program). Under the Share Repurchase Program, repurchases can be made from time to time using a variety of methods, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, in compliance with the rules of the SEC and other applicable legal requirements. The Share Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of shares, and the Share Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act, enacted on August 16, 2022, among other things, imposes a 1 non-deductible, excise tax on net repurchases of shares by U.S. corporations whose stock is traded on an established securities market. The excise tax is imposed on repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. The excise tax did not apply to repurchases of our shares made during fiscal 2023. If excise tax applies to any repurchases of our shares we make in future fiscal years, it may increase the cost to us of making repurchases and may cause us to reduce the number of shares repurchased pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program . 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 We lease our office facilities, including approximately 138,000 square feet in San Jose, California for our corporate headquarters. This lease agreement expires in June 2031. We also maintain offices in Draper, Utah, Houston Texas, and Sydney, Australia. Our leased facilities in Draper, Utah consist of 155,000 square feet of office space for our employees located in Draper, Utah, approximately 20,000 square feet of which is being subleased for a period of 5 years expiring in December 2025. The lease for our Draper, Utah property expires in March 2030. 
 We believe that our office facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future. We continue to evaluate our real estate strategy to accommodate expansion of our operations. 
 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including patent, commercial, product liability, employment, class action, whistleblower, and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims against us in the form of letters and other communications. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that we believe to be material to our business or financial condition. 
 The results of any future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on The New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BILL . 
 Holders of Record 
 As of June 30, 2023, there were 181 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held by nominees in street name. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not declared or paid any dividends, or authorized or made any distribution upon or with respect to any class or series of our capital stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph depicts the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock from December 12, 2019, the first day of trading of our common stock on the NYSE, through June 30, 2023, relative to the performance of the S P 500 Index and S P 500 IT Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100.00 at the close of trading on December 12, 2019 and that all dividends paid by companies included in these indices have been reinvested. The performance shown in the graph below is not intended to forecast or be indicative of future stock price performance. 
 54 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 In January 2023, our board of directors approved our Share Repurchase Program of up to 300 million of shares of common stock. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market conditions, and alternative investment opportunities. Under the Share Repurchase Program, repurchases can be made from time to time using a variety of methods, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, in compliance with the rules of the SEC and other applicable legal requirements. The Share Repurchase Program has a term of 12 months and does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of shares, and it may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. 
 The following table provides share repurchase activity during the quarter ended June 30, 2023: 
 Period Total number of shares 
 purchased (1) 
 Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (1) 
 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (1) 
 April 1 - April 30, 2023 372,254 76.56 372,254 244,500,240 May 1 - May 31, 2023 346,244 92.76 346,244 212,382,647 June 1 - June 30, 2023 212,382,647 Total 718,498 718,498 212,382,647 
 (1) See Note 11, in Notes to Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 55 

Item 6. RESERVED 
 Not applicable. 
 56 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read the sections titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Our fiscal year end is June 30, and our fiscal quarters end on September 30, December 31, and March 31. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leader in financial automation software for small and midsize businesses (SMBs). As a champion of SMBs, we are automating the future of finance so businesses can thrive. Hundreds of thousands of businesses rely on BILL to more efficiently control their payables, receivables, and spend and expense management. Our network connects millions of members so they can pay or get paid faster. Headquartered in San Jose, California, we are a trusted partner of leading U.S. financial institutions, accounting firms, and accounting software providers. 
 Our purpose-built, AI-enabled financial software platform creates seamless connections between our customers, their suppliers, and their clients. Businesses on our platform generate and process invoices, streamline approvals, make and receive payments, manage employee expenses, sync with their accounting system, foster collaboration, and manage their cash. We have built sophisticated integrations with popular accounting software solutions, banks, card issuers, and payment processors, enabling our customers to access these mission-critical services quickly and easily. 
 We efficiently reach SMBs through our proven direct and indirect go-to-market strategies. We acquire new businesses to use our solutions directly through digital marketing and inside sales, and indirectly through accounting firms and financial institution partnerships. As of June 30, 2023, our partners included some of the most trusted brands in the financial services business, including more than 85 of the top 100 accounting firms and seven of the top ten largest financial institutions for SMBs in the United States (U.S.), including Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo Bank, and American Express. As we add customers and partners, we expect our network to continue to grow organically. 
 We have grown rapidly and scaled our business operations in recent periods. Our revenue was 1.1 billion and 642.0 million during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, an increase of 416.5 million. We generated net losses of 223.7 million and 326.4 million during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Macroeconomic and Other Factors 
 Ongoing interest rate increases and persistent inflation in the U.S. and other markets globally have increased the risk of an economic recession and volatility and dislocation in the capital and credit markets in the U.S. and globally. The SMBs we serve may be particularly susceptible to changes in overall economic and financial conditions, and certain SMBs may cease operations in the event of a recession or inability to access financing. The macroeconomic environment has caused our BILL standalone customers and Divvy spending businesses to moderate their expenditures, which has resulted in lower payment volume growth through our solutions than historical trends, which in turn has led to lower transaction fee growth than historical trends. Moreover, net customer adds on our BILL standalone solution were slightly lower than recent trends, caused in part by businesses taking longer to make decisions about whether or not to implement new software solutions in light of the current macro environment. In addition, increased interest rates have led to an increase in interest on funds held for customers. We have not observed any other material impacts on our business or the demand for our products as a result of these factors, but we anticipate volatile conditions and there can be no assurance that, in the event of a recession, demand for our products would not be adversely affected. We intend to continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions closely and may determine to take certain financial or operational actions in response to such conditions to the extent our business begins to be adversely impacted. 
 57 

In March 2023, instability in the U.S. banking system resulted in the closure of several U.S. banks, including Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), where we held significant company and customer funds. However, all of our and our customers' funds were preserved, and were able to re-route pending transactions involving SVB through other banking partners. Going forward, we will continue to assess the potential advantages in diversifying our banking relationships, including with both multinational financial institutions and, as appropriate, U.S. national and regional banks. Nonetheless, continued actual or perceived instability in the U.S. banking system that adversely effects any of the financial institutions with which we do business may adversely impact our ability to access our corporate cash and cash equivalents and cash held in trust on behalf of customers or process customer payments. 
 In addition, for so long as the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including variants thereof, persist, restrictions and policies implemented by governments and companies may continue to impact our business and the businesses of the SMBs we serve. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we instituted several programs and precautionary measures in support of employee well-being and to protect the health and safety of our workforce, our customers, and the communities in which we participate. Such measures included closure of our corporate headquarters in California and our office in Texas, implementing full-time work from home, and eliminating non-essential travel. We continue to monitor federal, state, and local regulatory pronouncements and COVID-19 infection statistics and have reopened our offices with our return to office plan, which encompasses a hybrid approach to in-office attendance based on the different needs of teams across the company. 
 Any of these conditions or actions may have a negative impact on our future results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. W e are unable to predict the full impact that macroeconomic factors, banking sector dynamics or the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our future results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition due to numerous uncertainties, including the duration of the pandemic, the actions that may be taken by government authorities across the U.S. or other countries, changes in central bank policies and interest rates, rates of inflation, the impact to our customers, spending businesses, subscribers, partners, and suppliers, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our Revenue Model 
 We generate revenue primarily from subscription and transaction fees. 
 Our subscription revenue is primarily based on a fixed monthly or annual rate per user charged to our customers. Our transaction revenue consists of transaction fees and interchange income on a fixed or variable rate per transaction. Transactions primarily include card payments, real-time payments, check payments, ACH payments, cross-border payments, and creation of invoices. Much of our revenue comes from repeat transactions, which are an important contributor to our recurring revenue. 
 In addition, we generate revenue from interest on funds held for customers. When we process payment transactions, the funds flow through our bank accounts, resulting in a balance of funds held for customers. This balance is determined by volume and the type of payments processed. Interest is earned from interest-bearing deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, money market funds, corporate bonds, asset-backed securities, municipal bonds, commercial paper, U.S. treasury securities and U.S. agency securities. We hold these funds from the day they are withdrawn from a payer s account to the day the funds are credited to the receiver. This revenue can fluctuate depending on the amount of customer funds held, as well as our yield on customer funds invested, which is influenced by market interest rates and our investments. 
 
 Our Receivables Purchases and Servicing Model 
 
 We market Divvy charge cards to potential spending businesses and issue business-purpose charge cards through our card issuing partner banks (Issuing Banks). When a business applies for a Divvy card, we utilize, on behalf of the Issuing Bank, proprietary risk management capabilities to confirm the identity of the business, and perform a credit underwriting process to determine if the business is eligible for a Divvy card pursuant to our credit policies. Once approved for a Divvy card, the spending business is provided a credit limit and can use the Divvy software to request virtual cards or physical cards. 
 58 

The majority of cards on our platform are issued by Cross River Bank, a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)-insured New Jersey state chartered bank, and WEX Bank, an FDIC-insured Utah state chartered bank. Under our arrangements with our Issuing Banks, we must comply with their respective credit policies and underwriting procedures, and the Issuing Banks maintain ultimate authority to decide whether to issue a card or approve a transaction. We are responsible for all fraud and unauthorized use of a card and generally are required to hold the Issuing Bank harmless from such losses unless claims regarding fraud or unauthorized use are due to the sole gross negligence of the Issuing Bank. 
 When a spending business completes a purchase transaction, the payment to the supplier is made by the cards' Issuing Bank. Obligations incurred by the spending business in connection with their purchase transaction are reflected as receivables on the Issuing Bank s balance sheet from the Divvy card account for the spending business. The Issuing Bank then sells a 100 participation interest in the receivable to us. Pursuant to our agreements with the Issuing Banks, we are obligated to purchase the participation interests in all of the receivables originated through our platform, and our obligations are secured by cash deposits. When we purchase the participation interests, the purchase price is equal to the outstanding principal balance of the receivable. 
 In order to purchase the participation rights in the receivables, we maintain a variety of funding arrangements, including warehouse facilities and, from time-to-time, other purchase arrangements with a diverse set of funding sources. We typically fund some portion of these participation interest purchases by borrowing under our credit facilities, although we may also fund purchases using corporate cash. 
 
 Our Business Model 
 We efficiently reach SMBs through our proven direct and indirect go-to-market strategies. We acquire them directly through digital marketing and inside sales and indirectly by partnering with leading companies that are trusted by SMBs, including accounting firms, financial institutions, and software companies. 
 Our revenue from existing businesses using our solutions is visible and predicta ble. For fiscal 2023, over 87 of ou r subscription and transaction revenue from BILL standalone customers came from customers who were acquired prior to the start of the fiscal year. See " Key Business Metrics Businesses Using Our Solutions " below for the definition of BILL standalone customers . We expand within our existing customer base by adding more users, increasing transactions per customer, launching additional products, and through pricing and packaging our services. We make it easy for SMBs to try our platform through our risk-free trial program. Should an SMB choose to become a customer after the trial period, it can take several months to adapt their financial operations to fully leverage our platform. Even with a transition period , however, we believe our customer retention is strong. Excluding those customers of our financial institution partners, approximately 86 of BILL standalone customers as of June 30, 2022 were still customers as of June 30, 2023. 
 Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate 
 Net dollar-based retention rate is an important indicator of customer satisfaction and usage of our platform, as well as potential revenue for future periods. We calculate our net dollar-based retention rate at the end of each fiscal year. We calculate our net dollar-based retention rate by starting with the revenue billed to BILL standalone customers in the last quarter of the prior fiscal year (Prior Period Revenue). We then calculate the revenue billed to these same customers in the last quarter of the current fiscal year (Current Period Revenue). See " Key Business Metrics Businesses Using Our Solutions " below for the definition of BILL standalone customer. Current Period Revenue includes any upsells and is net of contraction or attrition, but excludes revenue from new customers and excludes interest earned on funds held on behalf of customers. We then repeat the calculation of Prior Period Revenue and Current Period Revenue with respect to each of the preceding three quarters, and aggregate the four Prior Period Revenues (the Aggregate Prior Period Revenue) and the four Current Period Revenues (the Aggregate Current Period Revenue). Our net dollar-based retention rate equals the Aggregate Current Period Revenue divided by Aggregate Prior Period Revenue. 
 Our net doll ar-based retention rate was 111 , 131 , and 124 during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The decrease in fiscal 2023 when compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the change in spending patterns per customer, driven by the challenging macroeconomic environment. The increase in fiscal 2022 was primarily attributable to increase in the number of users, more transactions per customer, and sales of additional products to those customers. 
 59 

Customer Acquisition Efficiency 
 Our efficient direct and indirect go-to-market strategy, combined with our recurring revenue model, results in our short payback period. We define payback period as the number of quarters it takes for the cumulative non-GAAP (as defined below) gross profit we earn from BILL standalone customers acquired during a given quarter to exceed our total sales and marketing spend in that same quarter, excluding customers acquired through financial institutions and the related sales and marketing spend. See " Key Business Metrics Businesses Using Our Solutions " below for the definition of BILL standalone customer . For BILL standalone customers acquired during fiscal 2022, the average payback period was approximately five quarters. 
 
 Key Business Metrics 
 
 We regularly review several metrics, including the key business metrics presented in the table below (as well as the additional metrics described in "Our Business Model "), to measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, prepare financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We periodically review and revise these metrics to reflect changes in our business. We present our key business metrics on a consolidated basis, which we believe better reflects the performance of our consolidated business overall. Our key business metrics are defined following the table below and track our BILL standalone, Divvy, and Invoice2go solutions combined. The relevant metrics for each of BILL standalone, Divvy, and Invoice2go, respectively, are set forth in the footnotes to the table. The calculation of the key business metrics and other measures discussed below may differ from other similarly-titled metrics used by other companies, securities analysts, or investors. 
 As of June 30, 
 Growth 
 as of June 30, 
 2023 2022 (4) 
 2021 (5) 
 2023 2022 Businesses using our solutions (1) 
 461,000 400,100 131,900 15 203 
 Year ended 
 June 30, 
 Growth 
 Year ended June 30, 
 2023 2022 (4) 
 2021 (5) 
 2023 2022 Total Payment Volume (amounts in billions) (2) 
 266.0 228.1 140.7 17 62 
 Year ended 
 June 30, 
 Growth 
 Year ended June 30, 
 2023 2022 (4) 
 2021 (5) 
 2023 2022 Transactions processed (in millions) (3) 
 85.1 62.9 30.6 35 105 
 (1) As of June 30, 2023, the total number of BILL standalone customers was approximately 201,000; the total number of spending businesses that used Divvy's spend and expense management products was approximately 29,200, and the total number of Invoice2go subscribers was approximately 230,800. 
 (2) During fiscal 2023, the total payment volume transacted by BILL standalone customers was approximately 251.5 billion; the total card payment volume transacted by spending businesses that used Divvy cards was approximately 13.4 billion; and the total payment volume transacted by Invoice2go subscribers was approximately 1.1 billion. 
 (3) During fiscal 2023, the total number of transactions executed by BILL standalone customers was approximately 44.3 million; the total number of transactions executed by spending businesses that used Divvy cards was approximately 39.5 million; and the total number of transactions executed by Invoice2go subscribers was approximately 1.3 million. 
 (4) Includes Invoice2go metrics from the acquisition date on September 1, 2021. 
 (5) Includes Divvy metrics from the acquisition date on June 1, 2021. 
 60 

Businesses Using Our Solutions 
 For the purposes of measuring our key business metrics, we define businesses using our solutions as the summation of: (A) customers that are either billed directly by us or for which we bill our partners for our BILL standalone products during a particular period, (B) spending businesses that use Divvy's spend and expense management products during the period, and (C) Invoice2go subscribers during the period. We define BILL standalone products as those offered on our core accounts payable and receivable platform (excluding Divvy and Invoice2go), and we define BILL standalone customers as customers using our core BILL accounts payable and accounts receivable offering. In prior fiscal years, we counted and reported only BILL standalone customers in our "Number of Customers", which excluded spending businesses using our Divvy solution and our Invoice2go subscribers. In light of the growth of our company in recent periods, we consider the businesses using our solutions metric to better represent the performance and scale of our business as it currently exists. Businesses using more than one of our solutions are included separately in the total for each solution utilized; as of June 30, 2023, this included approximately 7,200 businesses. Businesses using our solutions during a trial period are not counted as new businesses using our solutions during that period. If an organization has multiple entities billed separately for the use of our solutions, each entity is counted as a business using our solutions. The number of businesses using our solutions in the table above represents the total number of businesses using our solutions at the end of each fiscal year. 
 Total Payment Volume 
 To grow revenue from businesses using our solutions, we must deliver a product experience that helps them automate their back-office financial operations. The more they use and rely upon our product offerings to automate their operations, the more transactions they process on our platform. This metric provides an important indication of the aggregate value of transactions that businesses using our solutions are completing on our platform and is an indicator of our ability to generate revenue from businesses using our solutions. We define TPV as the total value of transactions that we process on our platform during a particular period, including transactions from BILL standalone customers, Divvy card transactions, and transactions executed by Invoice2go subscribers. Our calculation of TPV includes payments that are subsequently reversed. Such payments comprised less than 2 of TPV during each of fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 Transactions Processed 
 We define transactions processed as the total number of payments initiated and processed through our platform during a particular period. Payment transactions include checks, ACH payments, card payments, Invoice2go subscriber transactions, real-time payments, and cross-border payments . 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue primarily from subscription and transaction fees. 
 Subscription fees are fixed monthly or annually and charged to customers for the use of our platform to process transactions. Subscription fees are generally charged either on a per user or per customer account per period basis, normally monthly or annually. Transaction fees are fees collected for each transaction processed, on either a fixed or variable fee basis. Transaction fees primarily include processing of payments in the form of checks, ACH, card payments, real-time payments, and cross-border payments, and the creation of invoices. Transaction fees also include interchange fees paid by suppliers accepting card payments. 
 Our contracts with SMB and accounting firm customers provide them with access to the functionality of our cloud-based payments platform to process transactions. These contracts are either monthly contracts paid in arrears or upfront, or annual arrangements paid up front. We charge our SMB and accounting firm customers subscription fees to access our platform either based on the number of users or per customer account and the level of service. We generally also charge these customers transaction fees based on transaction volume and the category of transaction. The contractual price for subscription and transaction services is based on either negotiated fees or the rates published on our website. Revenue recognized excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties, such as sales taxes collected and remitted to governmental authorities. 
 61 

We enable our SMB and accounting firm customers to make virtual card payments to their suppliers. We also facilitate the extension of credit to spending businesses in the form of Divvy cards. The spending businesses utilize the credit on Divvy cards as a means of payment for goods and services provided by their suppliers. Virtual card payments and Divvy cards are originated through agreements with our Issuing Banks. Our agreements with the Issuing Banks allow for card transactions on the Mastercard and Visa networks. For each virtual card and Divvy card transaction, suppliers are required to pay interchange fees to the issuer of the card. Based on our agreements with the Issuing Banks, we recognize the interchange fees as revenue gross or net of rebates received from the Issuing Banks based on our determination of whether we are the principal or the agent under the agreements. 
 We also enter into multi-year contracts with financial institution customers to provide them with access to our cloud-based payments platform. These contracts typically include fees for initial implementation services that are paid during the period the implementation services are provided as well as fees for subscription and transaction processing services, which are subject to guaranteed monthly minimum fees that are paid monthly over the contract term. These contracts enable the financial institutions to provide their customers with access to online bill pay services through the financial institutions online platforms. Implementation services are required up-front to establish an infrastructure that allows the financial institutions online platforms to communicate with our online platform. A financial institution s customers cannot access online bill pay services until implementation is complete. The total consideration in these contracts varies based on the number of users and transactions to be processed. 
 In addition, we generate revenue from interest on funds held for customers. Interest on funds held for customers consists of the interest that we earn from customer funds while payment transactions are clearing. Interest is earned from interest-bearing deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, corporate bonds, asset-backed securities, municipal bonds, money market funds, commercial paper, and U.S. Treasury securities, until those payments are cleared and credited to the intended recipient. 
 
 Service Costs and Expenses 
 Service costs Service costs consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expenses, for our customer success and payment operations teams, outsourced support services for our customer success team, costs that are directly attributed to processing customers and spending businesses' transactions (such as the cost of printing checks, postage for mailing checks, fees associated with the issuance and processing of card transactions, fees for processing payments, such as ACH, checks, and cross-border wires), direct and amortized costs for implementing and integrating our cloud-based platform into our customers systems, costs for maintaining, optimizing, and securing our cloud payments infrastructure, amortization of capitalized internal-use developed software related to our platform, fees on the investment of customer funds, and allocation of overhead costs. We expect that service costs will increase in absolute dollars, but may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period, as we continue to invest in growing our business. 
 Research and development (R D) R D expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expenses, for our R D teams, incurred in developing new products or enhancing existing products, and allocated overhead costs. We expense a substantial portion of R D expenses as incurred. We believe that delivering new and enhanced functionality is critical to attract new customers and expand our relationship with existing customers. We expect to continue to make investments in and expand our offerings to enhance our customers experience and satisfaction, and to attract new customers. We expect our R D expenses to increase in absolute dollars, but they may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period as we expand our R D team to develop new products and product enhancements. We capitalize certain software development costs that are attributable to developing new products and adding incremental functionality to our platform and amortize such costs into service costs over the estimated life of the new product or incremental functionality, which is generally three years. 
 Sales and marketing Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expenses, for our sales and marketing teams, rewards expense in connection with our card rewards programs, sales commissions, marketing program expenses, travel-related expenses, and costs to market and promote our platform through advertisements, marketing events, partnership 
 62 

arrangements, direct customer acquisition, and allocated overhead costs. Sales commissions that are incremental to obtaining new customer contracts are deferred and amortized ratably over the estimated period of our relationship with new customers. 
 We focus our sales and marketing efforts on generating awareness of our company, platform, and products, creating sales leads, and establishing and promoting our brand. We plan to continue investing in sales and marketing efforts by driving our go-to-market strategies, building our brand awareness, and sponsoring additional marketing events; however, we will adjust our sales and marketing spend level as needed, as the spend may fluctuate from period to period, in response to changes in the economic environment. 
 General and administrative General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expenses, for finance, corporate business operations, risk management, legal and compliance, human resources, information technology, costs incurred for external professional services, provision for credit losses, losses from fraud, and allocated overhead costs. We expect to incur additional general and administrative expenses as we explore various growth initiatives, which include incurring higher costs for professional services. We also expect to increase the size of our general and administrative functions to support the growth in our business. As a result, we expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars but may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period. 
 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets consist of depreciation of property and equipment, and amortization of acquired intangibles, such as developed technology, customer relationship, and trade names. Amortization of capitalized internal-use software costs are excluded. 
 Other income (expenses), net Other income (expenses), net consists primarily of interest income on our corporate funds, interest expense on our borrowings (including amortization issuance costs) and the lower of cost or market adjustment on card receivables sold and held for sale. 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes Income tax expense consists of U.S. federal, state and foreign income taxes. We maintain a full valuation allowance against our U.S. federal, state and Australian net deferred tax assets as we have concluded that it is not more likely than not that we will realize our net deferred tax assets. 
 63 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations together with the dollar and percentage change for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 
 Year ended June 30, Change (2023 compared to 2022) Change (2022 compared to 2021) 2023 2022 (1) 
 2021 (2) 
 Amount Amount Revenue Subscription and transaction fees (4) 
 944,710 633,365 232,255 311,345 49 401,110 173 Interest on funds held for customers 113,758 8,594 6,010 105,164 1224 2,584 43 Total revenue 1,058,468 641,959 238,265 416,509 65 403,694 169 Cost of revenue Service costs (4) 
 151,010 105,496 56,576 45,514 43 48,920 86 Depreciation and amortization of 
 intangible assets (3) 
 42,967 39,508 5,230 3,459 9 34,278 655 Total cost of revenue 193,977 145,004 61,806 48,973 34 83,198 135 Gross profit 864,491 496,955 176,459 367,536 74 320,496 182 Operating expenses Research and development (4) 
 314,632 219,818 89,503 94,814 43 130,315 146 Sales and marketing (4)(5) 
 515,858 307,151 67,935 208,707 68 239,216 352 General and administrative (4) 
 281,278 241,174 128,116 40,104 17 113,058 88 Depreciation and amortization of 
 intangible assets (3) 
 48,496 45,630 4,872 2,866 6 40,758 837 Total operating expenses 1,160,264 813,773 290,426 346,491 43 523,347 180 Loss from operations (295,773) (316,818) (113,967) 21,045 (7) (202,851) 178 Other income (expense), net 72,856 (13,861) (25,370) 86,717 (626) 11,509 (45) Loss before provision for (benefit from) income taxes (222,917) (330,679) (139,337) 107,762 (33) (191,342) 137 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 808 (4,318) (40,617) 5,126 (119) 36,299 (89) Net loss (223,725) (326,361) (98,720) 102,636 (31) (227,641) 231 
 (1) Includes the results of Invoice2go from the acquisition date on September 1, 2021. 
 (2) Includes the results of Divvy from the acquisition date on June 1, 2021. 
 (3) Depreciation expense does not include amortization of capitalized internal-use software wage costs. 
 (4) Includes stock-based compensation cost charged to revenue and expenses as follows (in thousands): 
 Year ended June 30, Change (2023 compared to 2022) Change (2022 compared to 2021) 2023 2022 (1) 
 2021 (2) 
 Amount Amount Revenue - subscription and transaction fees 188 188 100 Cost of revenue - service costs 9,111 5,144 2,938 3,967 77 2,206 75 Research and development 93,364 54,907 16,091 38,457 70 38,816 241 Sales and marketing (5) 
 130,421 60,237 8,547 70,184 117 51,690 605 General and administrative 80,619 76,869 44,411 3,750 5 32,458 73 Total stock-based compensation (6) 
 313,703 197,157 71,987 116,546 59 125,170 174 
 (5) Fiscal 2023 includes 52.2 million of stock-based compensation expense related to separation and advisory agreements with our former Chief Revenue Officer. 
 (6) Consists of acquisition related equity awards (Acquisition Related Awards), including equity awards assumed and retention equity awards granted to certain employees of acquired companies in connection with acquisitions, and non-acquisition related equity awards (Non-Acquisition Related Awards), which include all other equity awards granted to existing employees and non-employees in the 
 64 

ordinary course of business. The following table presents stock-based compensation recorded for the periods presented and as a percentage of total revenue: 
 As a of total revenue Year ended June 30, Year ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 Acquisition Related Awards 
 107,815 100,698 28,992 10 16 12 Non-Acquisition Related Awards 
 205,888 96,459 42,995 19 15 18 Total stock-based compensation 313,703 197,157 71,987 29 31 30 
 The following table presents the components of our consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented as a percentage of revenue: 
 Year ended June 30, 2023 2022 (1) 
 2021 (2) 
 Revenue Subscription and transaction fees 89 99 97 Interest on funds held for customers 11 1 3 Total revenue 100 100 100 Cost of revenue Service costs 14 16 24 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets 4 7 2 Total cost of revenue 18 23 26 Gross profit 82 77 74 Operating expenses Research and development 30 34 38 Sales and marketing 49 48 29 General and administrative 26 38 54 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets 5 7 1 Total operating expenses 110 127 122 Loss from operations (28) (50) (48) Other income (expense), net 7 (2) (11) Loss before provision for (benefit from) income taxes (21) (52) (59) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (1) (17) Net loss (21) (51) (42) 
 (1) Includes the results of Invoice2go from the acquisition date on September 1, 2021. 
 (2) Includes the results of Divvy from the acquisition date on June 1, 2021. 
 
 Comparison of Fiscal 2023 and 2022 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 can be found under Item 7 of Part II in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 22, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website at investor.bill.com. 
 Revenue 
 Revenue consisted mainly of subscription and transactions fees. Subscription revenue increased by 59.8 million, or 31 , during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to the increase in customers and average subscription revenue per customer due to an increase in the number of users. Transaction fee 
 65 

revenue increased by 251.5 million, or 57 , during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to increased total payment volume and the mix of transaction revenue shifting to variable-priced products. In addition, interest on funds held for customers increased by 105.2 million, or 1224 , during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to an increase in yield earned from investing customer funds as interest rates increased during fiscal 2023. 
 Our revenue could be impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency rates in the future, especially if our revenue through our international operations and international payments grows as a percentage of our revenue or our international operations increase. 
 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit, and Gross Margin 
 Cost of revenue, gross profit, and gross margin were as follows (amounts in thousands): 
 
 Year ended June 30, Change 2023 2022 (1) 
 Amount Cost of revenue: Service costs 151,010 105,496 45,514 43 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets (2) 
 42,967 39,508 3,459 9 Total cost of revenue 193,977 145,004 48,973 34 Gross profit 864,491 496,955 367,536 74 Gross margin 82 77 
 (1) Includes the results of Invoice2go from the acquisition date on September 1, 2021. 
 (2) Consists of depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of developed technology, excluding amortization of capitalized internal-use software wages costs. 
 Service costs increased by 45.5 million during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to: 
 a 22.4 million increase in direct costs associated with the processing of our customers payment transactions, use of software applications and equipment, bank fees for funds held for customers, and data hosting services, which were driven by the increase in the number of customers, increased adoption of new product offerings, and an increase in the volume of transactions; 
 a 16.2 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense and increased deferred service costs amortization, due to the hiring of additional personnel, who were directly engaged in providing implementation and support services to our customers; and 
 a 6.9 million increase in costs for consultants, temporary contractors, shared overhead, and other costs. 
 Gross margin increased to 82 during fiscal 2023 from 77 during fiscal 2022, primarily due to the increase in interest on funds held for customers and a higher mix of variable-priced transaction revenue. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses increased by 94.8 million during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to the following: 
 a 95.4 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from the hiring of additional personnel and added headcount from our acquisition of Invoice2Go, who were directly engaged in developing new product offerings; 
 a 5.8 million increase in computer-related expenses and software costs and increase in shared overhead and other costs; and partially offset by 
 66 

a 6.4 million decrease in costs for engaging consultants and temporary contractors who provided product development services, which have now been replaced by full-time employees. 
 Our research and development expenses decreased to 30 as a percentage of revenue during fiscal 2023 from 34 during fiscal 2022, primarily due to a higher revenue growth rate but a relatively lower increase in personnel-related expenses as a percentage of revenue and decrease in consulting costs during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. 
 We expect research and development expenses to be affected by fluctuations in foreign currency rates in the future, especially if our international operations increase. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 208.7 million during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to the following: 
 a 106.3 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense of 52.2 million recognized during the year related to the separation and advisory agreements with our former Chief Revenue Officer, and due to the hiring of additional personnel, who were directly engaged in acquiring new customers and in marketing our products and services; 
 a 78.7 million increase in rewards expense in connection with the rewards program through our Divvy cards as a result of increased transaction volume and higher rewards rates; 
 a 21.1 million increase in advertising spend and various marketing initiatives and activities, such as engaging consultants and attending marketing events, as we increased our efforts in promoting our products and services and in increasing brand awareness; and 
 a 2.6 million increase in software subscription and computer-related expenses, shared overhead, and other costs. 
 Our sales and marketing expenses increased to 49 as a percentage of revenue during fiscal 2023 from 48 during fiscal 2022, primarily due to higher rewards expense and stock-based compensation expense recognized during fiscal 2023. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 40.1 million during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to the following: 
 a 30.7 million increase in personnel-related expense, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from the hiring of additional general and administrative personnel; 
 a 15.2 million increase in provision for expected credit losses and fraud losses mainly due to increase in acquired card receivables during the year; 
 a 3.7 million increase in software subscription and computer-related expenses, temporary contractors, shared overhead and other costs; and partially offset by 
 a 9.6 million decrease in professional and consulting fees, primarily resulting from the reduction of integration costs of acquired businesses. 
 Our general and administrative expenses decreased to 26 as a percentage of revenue during fiscal 2023 from 38 during fiscal 2022, primarily due to a higher revenue growth rate but a relatively lower increase in personnel-related expense and provision for expected credit losses and fraud losses as a percentage of revenue. 
 67 

Depreciation and Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets increased by 6.3 million during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to a full-year amortization of intangible assets associated with the acquisition of Invoice2go in September 2021, as well as higher spend on capital expenditures. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net increased by 86.7 million during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to the following: 
 a 84.6 million increase in interest income due to higher interest rates earned on corporate funds; 
 a 9.9 million decrease in discount associated with the measurement of cards receivable sold and held for sale at a lower of cost or market as we ceased selling acquired card receivables in August 2022; and partially offset by 
 a 7.8 million increase in other expenses mainly due to interest expense primarily as the result of higher interest rates and increased borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes during fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, consists of the reduction to the net deferred tax liability, offset by an estimated cash tax liability as a result of the mandatory R D capitalization by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which was effective beginning fiscal 2023. R D expenses are capitalized and amortized over five years for domestic R D and fifteen years for international R D. The requirement increases our current year cash tax liabilities, however, the cash flow impact is expected to decrease over time as capitalized research and development expenses continue to amortize. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, as described below, to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures, which may be different than similarly-titled measures used by other companies, are presented to enhance investors overall understanding of our financial performance and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our financial performance, enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects and allow for greater transparency with respect to important metrics used by our management for financial and operational decision-making. We are presenting these non-GAAP metrics to assist investors in seeing our financial performance using a management view. We believe that these measures provide an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our core financial performance over multiple periods with other companies in our industry. 
 Non-GAAP Gross Profit and Non-GAAP Gross Margin 
 We define non-GAAP gross profit as gross profit minus depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, and stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes recognized in cost of revenue. Non-GAAP gross margin is defined as non-GAAP gross profit, divided by revenue. We believe non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP gross margin provide our management and investors consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitate period-to-period comparisons of operations. The following table presents a reconciliation of our non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP gross margin to our gross profit and gross margin for the periods presented (amounts in thousands) : 
 
 68 

Year ended June 30, 2023 2022 (1) 
 2021 (2) 
 Revenue 1,058,468 641,959 238,265 Gross profit 864,491 496,955 176,459 Add: Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets (3) 
 42,967 39,508 5,230 Stock-based compensation charged to expenses and related payroll taxes 9,428 5,599 3,309 Non-GAAP gross profit 916,886 542,062 184,998 Gross margin 81.7 77.4 74.1 Non-GAAP gross margin 86.6 84.4 77.6 
 (1) Includes the results of Invoice2go from the acquisition date on September 1, 2021. 
 (2) Includes the results of Divvy from the acquisition date on June 1, 2021. 
 (3) Consists of depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of developed technology, excluding amortization of capitalized internal-use software cost. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, adjusted by purchases of property and equipment and capitalization of internal-use software costs. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity measure of the cash (if any) that is available, after purchases of property and equipment and capitalization of internal-use software costs, for operational expenses and investment in our business. Free cash flow is useful to investors as a liquidity measure because it measures our ability to generate or use cash. Once our business needs and obligations are met, cash can be used to maintain a strong balance sheet and invest in future growth. The following table presents a reconciliation of our free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities for the periods presented (in thousands) : 
 Year ended June 30, 2023 2022 (1) 
 2021 (2) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 187,768 (18,093) 4,623 Purchases of property and equipment (7,589) (5,377) (18,902) Capitalization of internal-use software costs (23,614) (10,259) (2,304) Free cash flow 156,565 (33,729) (16,583) 
 (1) Includes the results of Invoice2go from the acquisition date on September 1, 2021. 
 (2) Includes the results of Divvy from the acquisition date on June 1, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of June 30, 2023 , our principal sources of liquidity were our cash and cash equivalents of 1.6 billion, our available-for-sale short-term investments of 1.0 billion, and our available undrawn Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) of 90.0 million. Our cash equivalents are comprised primarily of money market funds and investments in debt securities with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. Our short-term investments are comprised primarily of available-for-sale investments in corporate bonds, certificates of deposit, asset-backed securities, municipal bonds, U.S. agency securities, and U.S. treasury securities with original maturities of more than three months. Our corporate deposits held at large multinational financial institutions and U.S. national or regional banks, may at times exceed federally insured limits. We monitor the financial strength of the financial institutions with which we do business to ensure they are financially sound and present minimal credit risk. We further believe the associated risk of concentration for our investments is mitigated by holding a diversified portfolio of highly rated investments consisting of the money market funds and short-term debt securities described above. We have a total borrowing commitment of 225.0 million from our Revolving Credit Facility and have drawn 135.0 million as of June 30, 2023. Our principal uses 
 69 

of cash are funding our operations and other working capital requirements, including the contractual and other obligations discussed below. 
 We believe that our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. In the future, we may attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities or through equity-linked or debt financing arrangements to fund future operations or obligations, including the repayment of the principal amount of the Notes in the event that the Notes become convertible and the note holders opt to exercise their right to convert. We may also seek to raise additional capital from these offerings or financings on an opportunistic basis when we believe there are suitable opportunities for doing so. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or equity-linked securities, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we raise additional financing by incurring additional indebtedness, we may be subject to increased fixed payment obligations and could also be subject to additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Any future indebtedness we incur may have terms that could be unfavorable to equity investors. There can be no assurances that we will be able to raise additional capital. The inability to raise capital would adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 Our principal commitments to settle our contractual obligations consist of our 2027 Notes, 2025 Notes, and outstanding borrowings from our Revolving Credit Facility as further discussed below. For additional discussion about our Notes and Revolving Credit Facility, refer to Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we have minimum commitments under our noncancellable operating lease agreements and agreements with certain vendors. For additional discussion about our commitments, including operating leases, refer to Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In January 2023, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 300.0 million of our outstanding shares of common stock (the Share Repurchase Program). We may repurchase shares of common stock from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means, including through the use of trading plans, intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing and total amount of share repurchases will depend upon business, economic and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices, and other considerations. The Share Repurchase Program has a term of 12 months, may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to acquire any amount of common stock. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we repurchased and subsequently retired 1,077,445 shares for 87.6 million under the Share Repurchase Program. The total price of the shares repurchased and related transaction costs are reflected as a reduction of common stock and accumulated deficit on the our consolidated balance sheets. As of June 30, 2023, 212.4 million remained available for future share repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Below is a summary of our consolidated cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Year ended June 30, 2023 2022 (1) 
 2021 (2) 
 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 187,768 (18,093) 4,623 Investing activities 259,285 (1,127,302) (1,426,890) Financing activities 235,110 2,878,566 1,639,583 
 70 

(1) Includes the results of Invoice2go from the acquisition date on September 1, 2021. 
 (2) Includes the results of Divvy from the acquisition date on June 1, 2021. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 
 Our primary source of cash provided by our operating activities is our revenue from subscription and transaction fees. Our subscription revenue is primarily based on a fixed monthly or annual rate per user charged to our customers. Our transaction revenue is comprised of transaction fees on a fixed or variable rate per type of transaction. We also generate cash from the interest earned on both corporate funds and funds held in trust on behalf of customers. Our primary uses of cash in our operating activities include payments for employees' salaries and related costs, payments to third parties to fulfill our payment transactions, payments to sales and marketing partners, payments for card rewards expenses, and other general corporate expenditures. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 187.8 million during fiscal 2023 compared to a net cash used of 18.1 million during fiscal 2022. The net cash provided during fiscal 2023 was due mainly to the increase in our revenue during the year. 
 Net cash used in operating activities decreased to 18.1 million during fiscal 2022 from a net cash provided of 4.6 million during fiscal 2021. The net cash used during fiscal 2022 was due mainly to the timing of the payments for costs of our services and operating expenses, partially offset by the increase in our revenue. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 Our cash usage for our investing activities consists primarily of purchases of corporate and customer fund available for-sale investments, purchases of card receivables, business acquisitions, capitalization of internal-use software, and purchases of property and equipment. Our cash proceeds from our investing activities consist primarily of proceeds from the maturities and sale of corporate and customer fund available-for-sale investments. Additionally, the increase or decrease in our net cash from investing activities is impacted by the net change in acquired card receivable balances. 
 Our net cash provided by investing activities was 259.3 million during fiscal 2023 compared to net cash used of 1.1 billion during fiscal 2022 due primarily to the increase in proceeds from maturities of corporate and customer short-term investments, partially offset by the increase in acquired card receivables. Additionally, our cash paid for acquisitions during fiscal 2023 was lower compared to our payment to acquire Invoice2go during fiscal 2022. 
 Our net cash used in investing activities decreased to 1.1 billion during fiscal 2022 from 1.4 billion during fiscal 2021 due primarily to the increase in proceeds from maturities of corporate and customer short-term investments, partially offset by the increase in purchases of corporate and customer fund short-term investments, and increase in acquired participation interests in card receivables. Additionally, our payment to acquire Invoice2go during fiscal 2022 was lower compared to our payment to acquire Divvy during fiscal 2021. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Our cash proceeds from our financing activities consist primarily of proceeds from line of credit borrowings, exercises of stock options, increase in prepaid card deposits, employee purchases of our common stock under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) and proceeds from public offerings of our common stock and issuance of convertible notes. Our cash usage for our financing activities consists primarily of repurchases of shares, and payments on line of credit and bank borrowings. Additionally, the increase or decrease in our net cash from financing activities is impacted by the change in customer fund deposits liability. 
 Our net cash provided by financing activities decreased to 235.1 million during fiscal 2023 from 2.9 billion during fiscal 2022 due primarily to the absence of the proceeds from the public offering of our common stock and the issuance of our 2027 Notes in the prior year, as well as a decrease in customer funds liability, partially offset by proceeds from our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Our net cash provided by financing activities increased to 2.9 billion during fiscal 2022 from 1.6 billion during fiscal 2021 due primarily to the proceeds from the public offering of our common stock and increase in customer funds liability. 
 71 

2027 Notes 
 On September 24, 2021, we issued 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 0 convertible senior notes due on April 1, 2027. The 2027 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations, will not accrue interest unless we determine to pay special interest, and are convertible on or after January 1, 2027 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date on April 1, 2027. The 2027 Notes are convertible by the holders at their option during any calendar quarter after December 31, 2021 under certain circumstances, including if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on and including the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the 414.80 per share initial conversion price. If the note holders exercise their right to convert, our current intent is to settle such conversion through a combination settlement involving a repayment of the principal portion in cash and the balance in shares of common stock. For additional discussion about our 2027 Notes and the capped call transactions, refer to Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2025 Notes 
 On November 30, 2020, we issued 1.15 billion in aggregate principal amount of our 0 convertible senior notes due on December 1, 2025. The 2025 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations, will not accrue interest unless we determine to pay special interest, and are convertible on or after September 1, 2025 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date on December 1, 2025. The 2025 Notes are convertible by the holders at their option during any calendar quarter after March 31, 2021 under certain circumstances, including if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on and including the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the 160.88 per share initial conversion price. If the note holders exercise their right to convert, our current intent is to settle such conversion through a combination settlement involving a repayment of the principal portion in cash and the balance in shares of common stock. For additional discussion about our 2025 Notes and the capped call transactions, refer to Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 We have a total borrowing commitment of 225.0 million pursuant to our Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, by and between our subsidiary, Divvy Peach, LLC, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, and the lenders party thereto (the Revolving Credit Facility), of which we borrowed 135.0 million as of June 30, 2023. In August 2022, we amended the Revolving Credit Facility to increase the borrowing capacity from 75.0 million to 225.0 million. Revolving loans under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum determined by reference to either the SOFR Rate or an adjusted benchmark rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.65 to 2.75 , based on the outstanding principal amount and the date that principal amounts are outstanding. Obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by receivables generated by our Divvy charge card and certain related collateral. Our Revolving Credit Facility matures in June 2024 and the outstanding borrowings are payable on or before the maturity date. For additional discussion about our Revolving Credit Facility, refer to Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We are contractually obligated to purchase all card receivables from U.S.-based Issuing Banks including authorized transactions that have not cleared. The transactions that have been authorized but not cleared totaled 68.6 million as of June 30, 2023 and have not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. We have off-balance sheet credit exposures with these authorized but not cleared transactions; however, our expected credit losses with respect to these transactions were not material as of June 30, 2023. 
 Other than our expected credit loss exposure on the card transactions that have not cleared, we had no other off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources as of June 30, 2023. 
 72 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenue generated, and reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following critical accounting estimates are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our contracts with our customers require us to provide multiple services comprising subscription, transaction and implementation services. We identify performance obligations in these contracts by evaluating whether individual services are distinct. Services that are not distinct are combined into a single performance obligation. The evaluation of whether a service is distinct involves judgment and could impact the timing of revenue recognition. We determine the transaction price in these contracts based on the amount of consideration we expect to be entitled to, which are typically variable. The transaction price is then allocated to each separate performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. Each performance obligation is analyzed to determine if it is satisfied over time or at a point in time. Our performance obligations are generally recognized as revenue over the period each performance obligation is satisfied using an attribution method that best reflects the measure of progress in satisfying the performance obligation. The attribution method used involves judgment and impacts the timing of revenue recognition. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires assigning the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the acquiree at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair value of these assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquiree is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquiree, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Critical estimates in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, expected future cash flows, which includes consideration of future growth rates and margins, attrition rates, future changes in technology and brand awareness, loyalty and position, and discount rates. Fair value estimates are based on the assumptions management believes a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. Amounts recorded in a business combination may change during the measurement period, which is a period not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, as additional information about conditions existing at the acquisition date becomes available. 
 Credit Losses on Acquired Card Receivables 
 We acquire card receivables pursuant to our contracts with certain Issuing Banks. The acquired card receivable portfolio consists of a large group of smaller balances from spending businesses across a wide range of industries. We establish an allowance for credit losses based on an estimate of uncollectible balances resulting from credit losses and such allowance could fluctuate depending on certain factors. An estimate of lifetime expected credit losses is performed by incorporating historical loss experience, as well as current and future economic conditions over a reas onable and supportable period beyond the balance sheet date. In estimating expected credit losses, we use models that entail a significant amount of judgment. The primary areas of judgment used in measuring the quantitative components of our reserves relate to the attributes used to segment the portfolio, the determination of the historical loss experience look-back period, and the weighting of historical loss experience by monthly cohort. We use these models and assumptions to determine the reserve rates applicable to the outstanding acquired card receivable balances to estimate reserves for expected credit losses. Based on historical loss experience, the probability of default decreases over time, therefore the attribute used to segment the portfolio is the length of time since an account s credit limit origination. Our 
 73 

models use past loss experience to estimate the probability of default and exposure at default by aged balances. We also estimate the likelihood and magnitude of recovery of previously written off ca rd receivables based on historical recovery experience. Additionally, we evaluate whether to include qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but may not be adequately represented in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions. The qualitative reserves address possible limitations within the models or factors not included within the models, such as external conditions, changes in underwriting strategies, the nature and volume of the portfolio, and the volume and severity of past due accounts. 
 We review our assumptions periodically and the amount of allowance that we recorded may be impacted by actual performance of the acquired card receivables and changes in any of the assumptions used. In general, we write-off card receivables after the balance substantially becomes 120 days delinquent. 
 Spending Businesses Rewards 
 We offer a promotion program whereby users of our spend and expense management products can earn rewards based on the volume of their card transactions. Users can redeem those rewards for statement credits or cash, travel, and gift cards, among other things. We establish a rewards liability that represents management s estimate of the cost for earned rewards. The portion of our liability related to points earned is determined based on an estimate of the redemption cost and an estimate of expected redemption (net of breakage). Our estimated liability could fluctuate based on the changes on the input used to make our estimate. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to stock option awards and purchase rights issued under our ESPP is measured at fair value on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Stock-based compensation expense for performance-based awards is measured at fair value on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation option-pricing model or other valuation technique depending on the nature of the award. Awards that are classified as liabilities are remeasured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. These valuation methods require inputs that are based on estimates, which are highly subjective. 
 Estimates used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model include: 
 Expected term Represents the period that stock option awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term for stock option awards is determined using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the stock-based awards. 
 Expected volatility The expected volatility was estimated based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. 
 Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of stock option awards for periods corresponding with the expected term of the option. 
 Expected dividend yield We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 We recognize the compensation costs for stock option awards, purchase rights issued under our ESPP, and market-based RSUs over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term, reduced for estimated forfeitures at the date of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. We estimate the forfeiture rate based on the historical experience. We recognize compensation costs for performance-based awards over the vesting period if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See The Company and its Significant Accounting Policies Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of June 30, 2023. 
 74 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our overall investment portfolio is comprised of corporate investments and funds held for customers. Our corporate investments are invested in cash and cash equivalents and investment-grade fixed income marketable securities. These assets are available for corporate operating purposes and mature within 24 months from the date of purchase. Our customer funds assets are invested with safety of principal as the primary objective. As secondary objectives, we seek to provide liquidity and diversification and maximize interest income. Our customer funds assets are invested in money market funds that maintain a constant net asset value, other cash equivalents, and highly liquid, investment-grade fixed income marketable securities, with maturities of up to 13 months from the time of purchase. Our investment policy governs the types of investments we make. We classify all of our investments in marketable securities as available-for-sale. 
 As part of our customer funds investment strategy, we use funds collected daily from our customers to satisfy the obligations of other unrelated customers, rather than liquidating investments purchased with previously collected funds. There is risk that we may not be able to satisfy customer obligations in full or on time due to insufficient liquidity or due to a decline in value of our investments. However, the liquidity risk is minimized by collecting the customer s funds in advance of the payment obligation and by maintaining significant investments in bank deposits and constant net asset value money market funds that allow for same-day liquidity. The risk of a decline in investment value is minimized by our restrictive investment policy allowing for only short-term, high quality fixed income marketable securities. We also maintain other sources of liquidity including our corporate cash balances. 
 
 Interest Rate and Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk relating to our investments of corporate cash and funds held for customers that we process through our bank accounts. Our corporate investment portfolio consists principally of interest-bearing bank deposits, money market funds, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, other corporate notes, asset-backed securities, and U.S. Treasury securities. Funds that we hold for customers are held in non-interest and interest-bearing bank deposits, money market funds, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, other corporate notes, and U.S. Treasury securities. We recognize interest earned from funds held for customers as revenue. We do not pay interest to customers. 
 Factors that influence the rate of interest we earn include the short-term market interest rate environment and the weighting of our balances by security type. The annualized interest rate earned on our corporate investment portfolio and funds held for customers increased to 3.51 during fiscal 2023 compared to 0.29 during fiscal 2022 due primarily to the changes in the short-term interest rate environment during fiscal 2023. 
 Unrealized gains or losses on our marketable debt securities are due primarily to interest rate fluctuations from the time the securities were purchased. We account for both fixed and variable rate securities at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) since we classify our marketable debt securities as available for sale. Our investments in marketable debt securities are generally held through maturity with minimal sales before maturity barring unforeseen circumstances, and thus unrealized gains or losses on fixed-income securities from market interest rate decreases or increases are not realized as the securities mature at par. 
 We are also exposed to interest-rate risk relating to borrowings from our Revolving Credit Facility. As of June 30, 2023, we borrowed 135.0 million from our Revolving Credit Facility. Because the interest rate on our borrowings is indexed to SOFR, which is a floating rate mechanism, our interest cost may increase if market interest rates rise. A hypothetical 1 increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 In addition to interest rate risks, we also have exposure to risks associated with changes in laws and regulations that may affect customer fund balances. For example, a change in regulations that restricts the permissible investment alternatives for customer funds would reduce our interest earned revenue. 
 We are exposed to credit risk in connection with our investments in securities through the possible inability of the borrowers to meet the terms of the securities. We limit credit risk by investing in investment-grade 
 75 

securities as rated by Moody s, Standard Poor s, or Fitch, by investing only in securities that mature in the near-term, and by limiting concentration in securities other than U.S. Treasuries. Investment in securities of issuers with short-term credit ratings must be rated A-2/P-2/F2 or higher. Investment in securities of issuers with long-term credit ratings must be rated A- or A3, or higher. Investment in asset-backed securities and money market funds must be rated AAA or equivalent. Investment in repurchase agreements will be at least 102 percent collateralized with securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. Securities in our corporate portfolio may not mature beyond two years from purchase, and securities held in our customer fund accounts may not mature beyond 13 months from purchase. No more than 5 of invested funds, either corporate or customer, may be held in the issues of a single corporation. 
 We are also exposed to credit risk related to the timing of payments made from customer funds collected. We typically remit customer funds to our customers suppliers in advance of having good or confirmed funds collected from our customers and if a customer disputes a transaction after we remit funds on their behalf, then we could suffer a credit loss. Furthermore, our customers generally have three days to dispute transactions, and if we remit funds in advance of receiving confirmation that no dispute was initiated by our customer, then we could suffer a credit loss. We mitigate this credit exposure by leveraging our data assets to make credit underwriting decisions about whether to accelerate disbursements, managing exposure limits, and various controls in our operating systems. 
 We continually evaluate the credit quality of the securities in our portfolios. If a security holding is downgraded below our credit rating threshold or we otherwise believe the security s payment performance may be compromised, we will evaluate the relevant risks, remaining time to maturity, amount of principal, as well as other factors, and we will make a determination of whether to continue to hold the security or promptly sell it. 
 We are exposed to credit risk from card receivable balances we have with our spending businesses. Spending businesses may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure, or other reasons. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific spending businesses and to specific industries that we believe may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to foresee or detect, such as fraud. In addition, our ability to manage credit risk or collect amounts owed to us may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections or changes in bankruptcy laws, and minimum payment regulations). We rely principally on the creditworthiness of spending businesses for repayment of card receivables and therefore have limited recourse for collection. Our ability to assess creditworthiness may be impaired if the criteria or models we use to manage our credit risk prove inaccurate in predicting future losses, which could cause our losses to rise and have a negative impact on our results of operations. Any material increases in delinquencies and losses beyond our current estimates could have a material adverse impact on us. Although we make estimates to provide for credit losses in our outstanding portfolio of card receivables, these estimates may differ from actual losses. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk relating to our cross-border payment service, which allows customers to pay their international suppliers in foreign currencies. When customers make a cross-border payment, customers fund those payments in U.S. dollars based upon an exchange rate that is quoted on the initiation date of the transaction. Subsequently, when we convert and remit those funds to our customers suppliers primarily through our global payment partners, the exchange rate may differ, due to foreign exchange fluctuation, from the exchange rate that was initially quoted. Our transaction fees to our customers are not adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates between the initiation date of the transaction and the date the funds are converted. 
 We are also exposed to foreign currency exchange risk relating to the operations of our subsidiaries in Australia and Canada. A change in foreign currency exchange rate can affect our financial results due to transaction gains or losses related to the remeasurement of certain monetary asset and monetary liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our Australian and Canadian subsidiaries, which are both in U.S. dollars. 
 If the value of the U.S. dollar weakens relative to the foreign currencies, this may have an unfavorable effect on our cash flows and operating results. We do not believe that a 10 change in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to other foreign currencies would have a material effect on our cash flows and operating results. 
 76 

Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our cash flows and operating results during fiscal 2023. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through increase in prices of our product offerings. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act was enacted on August 16, 2022 and includes a number of provisions that may impact us in the future. We have assessed these impacts for the current reporting period, and conclude that the new law does not have a material impact on our fiscal 2023 financial statements. 
 77 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 79 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 85 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 86 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 87 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 88 
 Note 1 The Company and Its Significant Accounting Policies 
 88 
 Note 2 Revenue 
 97 
 Note 3 Business Combination 
 98 
 Note 4 Fair Value Measurement 
 101 
 Note 5 Short-Term Investments 
 104 
 Note 6 Funds Held for Customers 
 105 
 Note 7 Acquired Card Receivables 
 107 
 Note 8 Property and Equipment 
 110 
 Note 9 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 110 
 Note 10 Debt and Bank Borrowings 
 112 
 Note 11 Stockholders' Equity 
 115 
 Note 12 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 120 
 Note 13 Income Taxes 
 120 
 Note 14 Leases 
 123 
 Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies 
 124 
 Note 16 Net Loss Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders 
 125 
 
 78 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BILL Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BILL Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated August 29, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 79 

Funds Held for Customers and Customer Fund Deposits Description of the Matter 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, funds held for customers and the corresponding customer fund deposits liability represent the Company s contractual obligations to remit funds to customers or customers suppliers, to satisfy customers fund obligations and are recorded as an asset and corresponding liability at the time the Company collects funds from customers or on behalf of customers. At June 30, 2023, the Company reported funds held for customers and a corresponding customer fund deposits liability of 3.4 billion. The Company processes a high volume of transactions comprising of funds that are collected from customers for payments to their suppliers and funds that are collected on behalf of customers. 
 Auditing the funds held for customers and corresponding customer fund deposits liability was complex and involved increased audit effort due to the complexity of the account reconciliations, the significance of the balances, and the high volume of transactions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s funds held for customers and customer funds deposits. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the completeness and accuracy of the account reconciliations. 
 To test the funds held for customers and corresponding customer fund deposits liability, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining external confirmations for the cash and investment balances and testing the account reconciliations. We sampled funding and disbursement transactions prior to and subsequent to period end and evaluated whether funds were properly included or excluded from the funds held for customers and customer fund deposit balances and evaluated the aging of balances. We evaluated the reasonableness of the customer fund deposits liability balance by performing analytical procedures using transactional data for a period of time prior to and subsequent to period end. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 August 29, 2023 
 
 80 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BILL Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited BILL Holdings, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, BILL Holdings. Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated August 29, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 81 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

San Mateo, California 
 August 29, 2023 

82 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 June 30, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Acquired card receivables, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Funds held for customers Total current assets Non-current assets: Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Deferred revenue Other accruals and current liabilities Borrowings from credit facilities, net Customer fund deposits Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Convertible senior notes, net Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock: par value per share; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 Common stock; par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 83 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year ended 
 June 30, 
 2023 2022 2021 Revenue Subscription and transaction fees Interest on funds held for customers Total revenue Cost of revenue Service costs Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets (1) 
 Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets (1) 
 Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Loss before provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic and diluted Weighted-average number of common shares used to compute net loss per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic and diluted 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year ended 
 June 30, 
 2023 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized gain (loss) on investments in available-for-sale securities ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 85 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2020 
 ) Issuance of common stock as consideration for an acquisition, net of issuance costs Fair value of replacement awards Equity component of 2025 Notes, net of issuance costs and taxes Purchase of capped calls ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and release of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2021 
 ) ) Cumulative effect of the accounting change upon the adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon public offering, net of underwriting discounts and other offering costs Issuance of common stock as consideration for the acquisition, net of issuance costs Fair value of replacement awards Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and release of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan Purchase of capped calls ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and release of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock as consideration for an acquisition Issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 86 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year ended 
 June 30, 
 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Stock-based compensation Amortization of intangible assets Depreciation of property and equipment Amortization of capitalized internal-use software costs Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, net of accretion of debt premium Amortization of premium (accretion of discount) on investments in marketable debt securities ) Provision for losses on acquired card receivables and other financial assets Non-cash operating lease expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Other accruals and current liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Cash paid for acquisition, net of acquired cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Purchases of corporate and customer fund short-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of corporate and customer fund short-term investments Proceeds from sale of corporate and customer fund short-term investments Increase in acquired card receivables, net ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalization of internal-use software costs ) ) ) Proceeds from beneficial interest Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon public offering, net of underwriting discounts and other offering costs Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes, net of discounts and issuance costs Purchase of capped calls ) ) Increase in customer fund deposits liability and other Repurchase of common stock ) Increase in prepaid card deposits Proceeds from line of credit borrowings Payments on line of credit and bank borrowings ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, end of year Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents within the consolidated balance sheets to the amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows above: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other current assets Restricted cash included in other assets Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents included in funds held for customers Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest during the period Cash paid for income taxes during the period Noncash investing and financing activities: Payable on purchases of property and equipment and internal-use software costs Fair value of shares issued as consideration for acquisition Fair value of stock-based awards assumed in acquisition Fair value of earn-out consideration for acquisition Recognition of beneficial interest 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 87 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1 

shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share. The Company received billion in net proceeds from this public offering, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering costs of million. 

operating segment because its chief operating decision maker, who is the Chief Executive Officer, reviews its financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of making decisions regarding allocating resources and assessing performance. The Company's long-lived assets are mainly located in the United States (U.S.) and revenue is mainly generated in the U.S. Total revenue from external customers outside of the U.S. was approximately of consolidated total revenue during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. There were revenue from external customers outside of the U.S. for the year ended June 30, 2021. 
 
 88 

89 

other-than-temporary impairment on short-term investments during each of the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 million and million, respectively. These amounts do not include the immaterial allowance for potential credit losses on the purchase of card receivables that have been authorized but not cleared at the end of the periods (see Note 15). 
 There were customers that exceeded of the Company s total revenue during each of the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 

. 
 
 90 

million and million, respectively. These amounts do not include the immaterial allowance for potential credit losses on purchase of card receivables that have been authorized but not cleared at the end of the periods (see Note 15). 
 91 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease term. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Upon disposition, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company capitalizes internal and external direct costs incurred related to obtaining or developing internal-use software. Costs incurred during the application development stage are capitalized and are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the software, generally three years commencing on the first day of the month following when the software is ready for its intended use. Costs related to planning and other preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. 

. Amortization for developed technology is recognized in cost of revenue. Amortization for customer relationships and trade names is recognized in sales and marketing expenses. 
 
 reporting unit; therefore, all of its goodwill is associated with the entire company. Management has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company is less than the carrying amount, including goodwill. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative assessment is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The Company also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative assessment. 
 The Company reviews the valuation of long-lived assets, including property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. The recoverability of long-lived assets or asset groups is calculated based on the 
 92 

months or less. Lease expense for such arrangements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 
 million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, is included in other accruals and current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The rewards expense, which was million, million, and million, during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, is included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 93 

94 

for stock options and RSUs, the offering period of for purchase rights under the ESPP, and the requisite period of one to three years for market-based RSUs. Stock compensation costs are reduced by the estimated forfeitures at the date of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company estimates the forfeiture rate based on its historical experience for annual grant years where the majority of the vesting terms have been satisfied. The Company recognizes compensation costs for performance-based awards over the vesting period if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model and Monte Carlo simulation model require the use of highly subjective assumptions which determine the fair value of stock-based awards. 
 The main assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model include: 
 Expected term The expected term represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term for option grants is determined using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the stock-based awards. 
 Expected volatility The expected volatility was estimated based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. 
 Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of option. 
 Expected dividend yield The Company has never paid dividends on its common stock and has no plans to pay dividends on its common stock. Therefore, the Company used an expected dividend yield of . 
 95 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

96 

NOTE 2 
 Financial institutions Total subscription and transaction fees Interest on funds held for customers Total revenue 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 
 Fees from customers with which the Company has annual or multi-year contracts are generally billed in advance. These fees are initially recorded as deferred revenue and subsequently recognized as revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recognized approximately million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Remaining performance obligations 
 
 The Company has performance obligations associated with commitments in customer contracts for future services that have not yet been recognized as revenue. As of June 30, 2023, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied), including deferred revenue, was approximately million. Of the total remaining performance obligations, the Company expects to recognize approximately within and over the next three to thereafter. The Company determines remaining performance obligations at a point of time. Actual amounts and timing of revenue recognized may differ due to subsequent contract modifications, renewals and/or terminations. 
 
 Unbilled revenue 
 
 Unbilled revenue consists of revenue recognized that has not been billed to the customers yet. The unbilled revenue amounted to million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Deferred costs 
 Non-current Total deferred sales commissions Deferred service costs: Current Non-current Total deferred service costs 
 The current portion of deferred costs is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and the non-current portion is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The amortization of deferred sales commissions, which is included in sales and marketing in the accompanying 
 97 

million, million, and million during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The amortization of deferred service costs, which is included in the service costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, was million, million, and million during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 3 
 
 , the Company acquired of the outstanding equity interests of Invoice2go, LLC, and Cimrid Pty, Ltd (together, Invoice2go). The results of Invoice2go's operations have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date. Invoice2go provides mobile-first accounts receivable software that empowers SMBs and freelancers to grow their client base, manage invoicing and payments, and build their brand. Invoice2go has operations in the U.S. and in Australia, and serves a large global customer base of SMBs. The acquisition of Invoice2go will enhance the Company s ability to provide an expanded product solution to enable SMBs to manage accounts payable, corporate card spend, and accounts receivable all in one place. Additionally, the acquisition will expand the market opportunity for the Company by offering Invoice2go's product to its existing customers and network members and vice versa. 
 
 million, which consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 
 Equity consideration (1) 
 Cash Total 
 
 (1) This includes shares of the Company s common stock issued with a fair value based upon the opening market price on the acquisition date. This also includes the stock options assumed to replace stock options that were outstanding on the acquisition date under Invoice2go's 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. The fair value of these stock options was million, which was the amount attributable to the pre-combination requisite service period. 
 Accounts receivable and other assets Intangible assets Total identifiable assets acquired Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Net assets acquired 
 
 Developed technology Trade name Total 
 
 98 

. 
 
 Developed technology was measured at fair value using the relief-from-royalty method of the income approach. Significant inputs used to measure the fair value include an estimate of projected revenue from existing technology, a pre-tax royalty rate of , and a discount rate of . 
 
 Trade name was measured at fair value using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. Significant inputs used to measure the fair value include an estimate of projected revenue from the trade name, a pre-tax royalty rate of , and a discount rate of . 
 
 The million goodwill is attributable primarily to the expected synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations of both entities, and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, including assembled workforce acquired through the acquisition. of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2021-08 Business Combinations (Topic 805) Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers on October 1, 2021, retrospectively to September 1, 2021, the Company recorded adjustments of million to increase goodwill and deferred revenue, and an immaterial amount to deferred income tax liability. The amounts recorded as measurement period adjustments were not material during the 12-month measurement period. 
 
 The Company recognized million of acquisition-related costs that were expensed during the year ended June 30, 2022. These costs are shown as part of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The amount of Invoice2go s revenue and net loss, which includes amortization of intangible assets, from the acquisition date of Invoice2go that were included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations during the year ended June 30, 2022 were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 
 The unaudited pro forma information below summarizes the combined results (in thousands) of the Company and Invoice2go as if the Company s acquisition of Invoice2go closed on July 1, 2020, but does not necessarily reflect the combined actual results of operations of the Company and Invoice2go that would have been achieved, nor are they necessarily indicative of future results of operations. The unaudited pro forma information reflects certain adjustments that were directly attributable to the acquisition of Invoice2go, including additional depreciation and amortization adjustments for the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The pro forma net loss for the year ended June 30, 2022 was adjusted to exclude nonrecurring acquisition-related costs of million. million. 
 
 Net loss ) ) 
 
 Fiscal 2021 Acquisition 
 
 On , the Company acquired of the outstanding equity interests of DivvyPay, Inc. (Divvy). The results of Divvy s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date. Divvy offers a cloud-based spend management application and smart corporate cards to SMBs in the U.S. The acquisition of Divvy will enhance the Company s ability to provide an expanded solution to enable SMBs to manage accounts payable, corporate card spend, and accounts receivable all in one place. Additionally, the acquisition will expand the market opportunity for the Company by offering a spend management application combined with smart corporate cards to its existing customers and network members. 
 
 billion, which consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 
 99 

Cash Total 
 
 (1) This includes shares of the Company s common stock issued with a fair value based upon the opening market price on the acquisition date. This also includes the stock options assumed to replace stock options that were granted after May 1, 2019 under Divvy s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and were outstanding on the acquisition date. The fair value of these stock options was million, which was the amount attributable to the pre-combination requisite service period. 
 
 Acquired card receivables Accounts receivable Card receivables held for sale Property and equipment Intangible assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Total identifiable assets acquired Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Outstanding borrowings from credit facilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Net assets acquired 
 
 Developed technology Trade name Total 
 
 Following the acquisition of Divvy, the Company had a period of not more than 12 months to finalize the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including valuations of identifiable intangible assets and indemnification asset related to certain assumed liabilities at the acquisition date. During the 12-month measurement period, the Company remeasured the fair value of the leases acquired and the replacement stock-based awards included in the purchase consideration. The effect of these measurement period adjustments resulted in a decrease of goodwill by million. There were no other material adjustments made during the 12-month measurement period related to the acquisition of Divvy. 
 Customer relationships were measured at fair value using the multiple-period excess earnings method under the income approach. Significant inputs used to measure the fair value include an estimate of projected revenue and costs associated with existing customers, and a discount rate of . 
 Developed technology was measured at fair value using the relief-from-royalty method of the income approach. Significant inputs used to measure the fair value include an estimate of projected revenue from existing technology, a pre-tax royalty rate of , and a discount rate of . 
 100 

, and a discount rate of . 
 The billion goodwill is attributable primarily to the expected synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations of both entities, and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, including assembled workforce acquired through the acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 As of the acquisition date, the fair value of card receivables held for sale, which approximates the gross contractual amount, was million. These receivables were substantially settled as of June 30, 2021. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, the Company recognized an indemnification asset of million and million related to certain assumed liabilities at the acquisition date as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The indemnification asset was measured and recognized on the same basis and at the same time as the indemnified liabilities. 
 The Company recognized million of acquisition-related costs that were expensed during the year ended June 30, 2021. These costs are shown as part of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 The amounts of Divvy s total revenue and net loss that were included in the Company s consolidated statement of operations from the acquisition date through June 30, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 The unaudited pro forma information does not necessarily reflect the actual results of operations of the combined entities that would have been achieved, nor are they necessarily indicative of future results of operations. The unaudited pro forma information reflects certain adjustments that were directly attributable to the acquisition of Divvy, including additional depreciation and amortization adjustments for the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The pro forma net loss for the year ended June 30, 2021 was adjusted to exclude nonrecurring acquisition related costs of million. 
 
 Net loss ) 
 
 NOTE 4 
 101 

Certificates of deposit Corporate bonds U.S. treasury securities Short-term investments: Corporate bonds U.S. treasury securities U.S. agency securities Asset-backed securities Certificates of deposit Funds held for customers: Restricted cash equivalents Money market funds Short-term investments Corporate bonds Certificates of deposit U.S. agency securities Asset-backed securities U.S. treasury securities Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Contingent consideration (1) 
 ) Total liabilities measured at fair value ) 
 (1) The Company used the probability-weighted discounted cash flow method to estimate the contingent consideration. The significant inputs used in the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration are the probability of payout and discount rate. As these inputs are not based on observable market data, the liability represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. 
 102 

Corporate bonds Short-term investments: Corporate bonds U.S. treasury securities Asset-backed securities Certificates of deposit Funds held for customers: Restricted cash equivalents Money market funds Corporate bonds Short-term investments Corporate bonds Certificates of deposit Municipal bonds Asset-backed securities U.S. treasury securities Beneficial interest derivative on card receivables sold Total assets measured at fair value 
 There were no transfers of financial instruments between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 during the periods presented. 
 The fair values of the Company s Level 1 instruments were derived from quoted market prices and active markets for these specific instruments. 
 The valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of Level 2 instruments were derived from non-binding market consensus prices that were corroborated with observable market data, quoted market prices for similar instruments, or pricing models. 
 The Company has million and billion in aggregate principal amount of its convertible senior notes due in 2027 (2027 Notes) and in 2025 (2025 Notes, together with the 2027 Notes, the Notes), respectively, outstanding as of June 30, 2023. The Company carries the Notes at par value, less the unamortized issuance costs in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The estimated fair value of the 2027 Notes and 2025 Notes, which is presented for disclosure purposes only, was approximately million and billion, respectively, as of June 30, 2023. The fair value was based on a market approach, which represents a L evel 2 valuation estimate. The market approach was determined based on the actual bids and offers of the Notes in an over-the-counter market as of the last day of trading prior to the end of the period. 
 103 

NOTE 5 
 ) U.S. treasury securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Certificates of deposit U.S. agency securities ) ) 
 June 30, 2022 Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair value Corporate bonds ) U.S. treasury securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Certificates of deposit ) 
 The amortized cost and fair value amounts include of million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the fair value of the Company s short-term investments that mature within one year and thereafter was million and million, respectively, or and , respectively, of the Company s total short-term investments. As of June 30, 2022, the fair value of the Company s short-term investments that mature within one year and thereafter was million and million, respectively, or and , respectively, of the Company s total short-term investments. 
 As of June 30, 2023, approximately out of approximately investment positions were in an unrealized loss position. 
 ) U.S. treasury securities ) Asset-backed securities ) U.S. agency securities ) Total ) 
 104 

) U.S. treasury securities ) Asset backed securities ) Total ) 
 The Company investments balance with unrealized losses that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months was million and million as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Investments balance with unrealized losses that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months was million and material as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. The Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which will be at maturity. Therefore, the Company does not consider those unrealized investment losses as other-than-temporary impairment of the investments. There have been significant realized gains or losses on the short-term investments during each of the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 recorded an allowance for credit losses on investments that were in an unrealized loss position as of each of June 30, 2023 and 2022 because they were material. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 Restricted cash equivalents Funds receivable 
 Corporate bonds Certificates of deposit Municipal bonds Asset-backed securities U.S. agency securities U.S. treasury securities Total funds held for customers Less - income earned by the Company included in other current assets 
 ) ) Total funds held for customers, net of income earned by the Company 
 
 Income earned by the Company that is included in other current assets represents interest income, accretion of discount (offset by amortization of premium), and net unrealized gains on customer funds that were invested in money market funds and short-term marketable debt securities. Earnings from these investments are contractually earned by the Company and are expected to be transferred into the Company s corporate deposit account upon sale or settlement of the associated investment, and are not considered funds held for customers. 
 105 

) Certificates of deposit Asset-backed securities ) U.S. agency securities ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total ) 
 June 30, 2022 Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair value Corporate bonds ) Certificates of deposit Municipal bonds ) Asset backed securities ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total ) 
 The amortized cost and fair value amounts include accrued interest receivable of million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2023, approximately , or million, of the total funds held for customers invested in marketable debt securities mature within one year and approximately , or million, mature thereafter. As of June 30, 2022, , or billion, of the funds held for customers invested in short-term marketable debt securities matured within one year and approximately , or million, mature thereafter. 
 As of June 30, 2023, approximately out of approximately investment positions were in an unrealized loss position. 
 ) Asset-backed securities ) U.S. agency securities ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total ) 
 106 

) Municipal bonds ) Asset backed securities ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total ) 
 Investments with unrealized losses have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months was million and million as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Investments balance with unrealized losses that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months was not material as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. The Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which will be at maturity. Therefore, the Company does not consider those unrealized investment losses as other-than-temporary impairment of the investments. There have been significant realized gains or losses on funds held for customers that were invested in short-term marketable debt securities during each of the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 recorded an allowance for credit losses on investments that were in an unrealized loss position as of each of June 30, 2023 and 2022 because they were not material. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Total 
 Certain lines of credit and acquired card receivable balances are collateralized by cash deposits held by the Issuing Banks. Before an account is charged off, the Company obtains any available cash collateral from the Issuing Banks. As of June 30, 2023, approximately million of the acquired card receivable balance served as collateral for the Company s borrowings from the Revolving Credit Facility (see Note 10). 
 The Company incurred losses related to card transactions disputed by spending businesses. The amounts were not material during each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 The acquired card receivable balances above do not include purchases of card receivables from the Issuing Banks that have not cleared at the end of the reporting period. Purchases of card receivables that have not cleared as of June 30, 2023 totaled million. The Company recognized an immaterial amount of expected credit losses on the purchased card receivables that have not cleared yet as of each of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (see Note 15). 
 Credit Quality Information 
 The Company regularly reviews collection experience, delinquencies, and net charge-offs in determining allowance for credit losses related to acquired card receivables. Historical collections rates have shown that days past due is the primary indicator of the likelihood of loss. The Company uses the delinquency trends or past due status of the acquired card receivables as the credit quality indicator. Acquired card 
 107 

. 
 30 ~ 59 days past due 60 ~ 89 days past due 90 ~ 119 days past due Over 119 days past due Total 
 The amount of outstanding balance of acquired card receivables that is (i) days or more past due that continue to accrue fees and has an allowance for outstanding balance and fees and (ii) classified as nonperforming was not material as of each of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 As part of its collection efforts, the Company may modify card receivables terms with spending businesses that defaulted on payments; such modifications may include principal forgiveness, late fee forgiveness, and/or an extension of payment terms. Total card receivables subject to such modifications were not material during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Outstanding and modified card receivables as of June 30, 2023 subject to modification were not material. Upon the Company's determination that a modified card receivable (or a portion of the card receivable) has subsequently been deemed uncollectible, the card receivable balance and allowance for credit losses are adjusted for the uncollectible portion . 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Initial allowance for credit losses on purchased card receivables with credit deterioration 
 Provision for expected credit losses Charge-off amounts ) ) Recoveries collected Balance, ending 
 
 Card receivables acquired from the Issuing Banks and held for investment during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were billion and billion, respectively. The allowance for credit losses related to acquired card receivables increased during the year ended June 30, 2023 due to portfolio growth. 
 Gross charge-off amounts for the year ended June 30, 2023 consisted of million that originated in the year ended June 30, 2022 and million that originated in the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Card Receivables Held for Sale 
 The Company sells a portion of acquired card receivables to a purchasing bank at a discount. Effective August 2022, the Company ceased selling acquired card receivables. 
 Card receivables held for sale, which are carried at the lower of cost or estimated market value at the individual user account level based on pricing agreed upon with the purchasing bank plus an estimate of the deferred purchased card receivables held for sale, are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in 
 108 

and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Card Receivables Sold and Related Servicing and Beneficial Interest Derivative Retained 
 The Company accounts for the transfer of card receivables as a sale if all of the following conditions are met: 
 
 the financial asset is isolated from the transferor and its consolidated affiliates as well as its creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership; 
 
 the transferee or beneficial interest holders have the right to pledge or exchange the transferred financial asset; and 
 
 the transferor, its consolidated affiliates and its agents do not maintain effective control over the transferred financial asset 
 
 The card receivables that the Company transferred to the purchasing bank during each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 met all of the requirements described above; therefore, the Company accounted for the transfer as a sale of financial assets. Accordingly, the Company measures gain or loss on the sales of financial assets as the net proceeds less the carrying amount of the card receivables sold. The net proceeds represent the fair value of any assets obtained or liabilities incurred as part of the transfer, including, but not limited to, servicing assets, servicing liabilities, or beneficial interest derivatives. 
 Under the agreement with the purchasing bank, the Company had a continuing involvement as servicer. Effective August 2022, the Company ceased selling acquired card receivables. The outstanding transferred card receivable balance as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and million, respectively. The fair value of the beneficial interest derivative, which is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, was and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The servicing fee income was not material during each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Beneficial interest derivative Total 
 
 Card receivable repurchases during each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were not material. 
 
 109 

30 ~ 59 days past due 60 ~ 89 days past due 90 ~ 119 days past due Over 119 days past due Total 
 (1) Effective August 2022, the Company ceased selling acquired card receivables 
 The difference between the outstanding balance of transferred card receivables as of June 30, 2022 and the amount derecognized for which the Company has a continuing involvement as a servicer as of June 30, 2022 was not material. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 Capitalized software Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense, which includes the amortization of capitalized software, during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 9 
 Addition related to acquisition during the period Measurement period adjustments ) Adoption of ASU 2021-08 Balance, ending 
 110 

) Developed technology ) Trade name ) Total ) 
 Jun 30, 2022 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Weighted average remaining useful life (In years) Customer relationships ) Developed technology ) Trade name ) Total ) 
 Sales and marketing Total 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 111 

NOTE 10 
 Non-current liabilities: Convertible senior notes: 2027 Notes, principal 2025 Notes, principal Less: unamortized issuance costs ) ) Convertible senior notes, net Total 
 
 (1) Unamortized debt issuance costs on the Revolving Credit Facility were million and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, and are included in Prepaid expense and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 2027 Notes 
 On September 24, 2021, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of its 0 convertible senior notes due on , in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The 2027 Notes are subject to the terms and conditions of the indenture governing the 2027 Notes between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (2027 Notes Trustee). The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Notes were million, after deducting debt discount and debt issuance costs totaling million. 
 The 2027 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company, and will not accrue interest unless the Company determines to pay special interest as a remedy for failure to timely file any reports required to be filed with the SEC, certain trading restrictions or failure to deliver reports to the 2027 Notes Trustee. The 2027 Notes rank senior in right of payment to any of the Company s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the 2027 Notes and rank equal in right of payment to any of the Company s unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated, including the 2025 Notes. In addition, the 2027 Notes are subordinated to any of the Company s secured indebtedness and to all indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 The 2027 Notes have an initial conversion rate of 2.4108 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of the Company s common stock and approximately million shares issuable upon conversion. The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments for certain events as described below. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at its election. The Company s current intent is to settle conversions of the 2027 Notes through a combination settlement, which involves a repayment of the principal portion in cash with any excess of the conversion value over the principal amount settled in shares of common stock. 
 The Company may redeem for cash, all or any portion of the 2027 Notes, at the Company s option, on or after October 5, 2024 if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on and including the trading day (Conversion Condition) preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid special interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. sinking fund is provided for the 2027 Notes. 
 112 

in multiples of principal amount, under the following circumstances: 
 during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2021, and only during such calendar quarter, if the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on and including the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 
 during the business day periods after any consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per principal amount of the 2027 Notes for each trading day of that period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 
 if the Company calls such notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 
 The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events or if the Company s board of directors determines it is in the best interest of the Company. Additionally, holders of the 2027 Notes that convert their notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change or during the redemption period, may be eligible to receive a make-whole premium through an increase of the conversion rate based on the estimated fair value of the 2027 Notes for the given date and stock price. The make-whole premium is designed to compensate the holder for lost time-value of the conversion option. The maximum number of additional shares that may be issued under the make-whole premium is per principal (the lowest price of in the make whole). 
 The indenture governing the 2027 Notes contains customary events of default with respect to the 2027 Notes and provides that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, the holders of the 2027 Notes will have the right, at their option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their outstanding notes, at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 2025 Notes 
 
 On November 30, 2020, the Company issued billion in aggregate principal amount of its convertible senior notes due on , in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The 2025 Notes are subject to the terms and conditions of the indenture governing the 2025 Notes between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (2025 Notes Trustee). The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes were billion, after deducting debt discount and debt issuance costs totaling million. 
 The 2025 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company, and will not accrue interest unless the Company determines to pay special interest as a remedy for failure to timely file any reports required to be filed with the SEC, certain trading restrictions, or failure to deliver reports to the 2025 Notes Trustee. The 2025 Notes rank senior in right of payment to any of the Company s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the 2025 Notes and rank equal in right of payment to any of the Company s unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated, including the 2027 Notes. In addition, the 2025 Notes are subordinated to any of the Company s secured indebtedness and to all indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 The 2025 Notes have an initial conversion rate of 6.2159 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of the Company s common stock and approximately million shares issuable upon conversion. The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments for certain events as described below. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at its election. The Company s current intent is to settle conversions of the 2025 Notes through 
 113 

if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on and including the trading day (Conversion Condition) preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid special interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. sinking fund is provided for the 2025 Notes. 
 The holders of the 2025 Notes may convert their notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding in multiples of principal amount, under the following circumstances: 
 during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2021, and only during such calendar quarter, if the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on and including the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 
 during the business day periods after any consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per principal amount of the 2025 Notes for each trading day of that period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 
 if the Company calls such notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 
 The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events or if the Company s board of directors determines it is in the best interest of the Company. Additionally, holders of the 2025 Notes that convert their notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change or during the redemption period, may be eligible to receive a make-whole premium through an increase of the conversion rate based on the estimated fair value of the 2025 Notes for the given date and stock price. The make-whole premium is designed to compensate the holder for lost time-value of the conversion option. The maximum number of additional shares that may be issued under the make-whole premium is per principal (the lowest price of in the make whole). 
 The indenture governing the 2025 Notes contains customary events of default with respect to the 2025 Notes and provides that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, the holders of the 2025 Notes will have the right, at their option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their outstanding notes, at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Additional Information About the Notes 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) ) ) Net carrying amount 
 114 

million and million, respectively, of the debt issuance costs of the Notes. The effective interest rates of the 2027 Notes and 2025 Notes was and , respectively. As of June 30, 2023, the weighted-average remaining life of the Notes was years. 
 The "if-converted" value of the Notes did not exceed the principal amount of billion as of June 30, 2023. 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 In conjunction with the issuance of each of the 2025 Notes and the 2027 Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions (collectively, the Capped Calls) with certain of the initial purchasers of the Notes and/or their respective affiliates or other financial institutions at a total cost of million. The Capped Calls are separate transactions and are not part of the terms of the Notes. The total amount paid for the Capped Calls was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. The Company used the proceeds from the Notes to pay for the cost of the Capped Call premium. The cost of the Capped Calls is not expected to be tax-deductible as the Company did not elect to integrate the Capped Calls into the Notes for tax purposes. 
 The Capped Calls associated with the 2027 Notes and 2025 Notes have an initial strike price of approximately per share and per share, respectively, subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the respective initial conversion price of the 2027 Notes and 2025 Notes, and have an initial cap price of per share and per share, respectively, subject to certain adjustments; provided that such cap price shall not be reduced to an amount less than their respective strike price. The Capped Calls associated with the Notes cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, a total of approximately million shares of the Company s common stock. The Capped Calls are expected to generally reduce the potential dilution of the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments that the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of such converted notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Company s Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, was executed in March 2021 (the 2021 Revolving Credit Agreement), and was amended in August 2022 (as amended, the Revolving Credit Facility), to finance the acquisition of card receivables. The Revolving Credit Facility matures in June 2024 or earlier pursuant to the agreement and has a total commitment of million. The required minimum utilization was million, or of the total commitment, and the Company had borrowed million against the Revolving Credit Facility as of June 30, 2023. The Revolving Credit Facility requires the Company to pay unused fees up to per annum. Borrowings are secured by acquired card receivables. Prior to March 3, 2023, borrowings of up to million bore interest of per annum and borrowings greater than million bore interest of per annum, plus SOFR (subject to a floor rate of and benchmark adjustment rate of ). Beginning March 3, 2023, borrowings bear interest of per annum, plus SOFR (subject to a floor rate of and benchmark adjustment rate of ). The effective interest rate was per annum as of June 30, 2023. The Company is required to comply with certain restricted covenants, including liquidity requirements. As of June 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with those covenants. 
 The debt issuance costs and debt premium associated with the Revolving Credit Facility is amortized using the effective interest method over the remaining term of the agreement, with a weighted-average remaining amortization period of approximately years. The amortization of the debt issuance costs and debt premium is recorded in interest income (expense), net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and during each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was not material. 
 
 NOTE 11 
 
 115 

equity-based awards granted under the 2016 Plan and the 2006 Plan after their termination; however, all outstanding awards under the 2016 Plan and the 2006 Plan continue to remain subject to the terms of the respective Equity Incentive Plan until such awards are exercised or until they terminate or expire by their terms. The 2019 Plan, 2016 Plan, and 2006 Plan are collectively referred to as the Equity Incentive Plans. 
 The Company initially reserv ed s hares of its common stock, plus any reserved shares not issued or subject to outstanding grants under the 2016 Plan, for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2019 Plan. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan increases automatically on July 1 of each of 2020 through 2029 by the number of shares equal to the lesser of of the total number of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of the immediately preceding June 30 , or a number as may be determined by the Company s board of directors. In addition, the following shares of common stock from the 2016 Plan and the 2006 Plan will be available for grant and issuance under the 2019 Plan: 
 shares issuable upon the exercise of options or subject to other awards under the 2016 Plan or 2006 Plan that cease to be subject to such options or other awards by forfeiture or after the effective date of the 2019 Plan; and 
 shares issued pursuant to outstanding awards under the 2016 Plan and 2006 Plan that are forfeited or repurchased after the effective date of the 2019 Plan. 
 The total number of shares of common stock available for future grants under the Equity Incentive Plans was shares as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 additional equity awards will be granted under equity incentive plans of the acquired companies. 
 
 following the date of the grant and expire from the date of the grant. 
 The exercise price of stock options granted is generally the market closing price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. 
 116 

Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 Vested and expected to vest at June 30, 2023 (1) 
 Vested and exercisable at June 30, 2023 
 
 (1) The expected to vest options are the result of applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate assumptions to total outstanding options. 
 No options were granted during the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 to 
 
 Expected volatility to 
 to 
 Risk-free interest rate to 
 to 
 Expected dividend yield 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended June 30, 2022, and 2021 was and per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The intrinsic value was calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value of the Company s common stock at exercise and the exercise price of the in-the-money options. The fair value of stock options vested during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the total unamortized stock-based compensation cost related to the unvested stock options was approximately million, which the Company expects to amortize over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at June 30, 2023 
 
 117 

The fair value of the RSU grant is determined based upon the market closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSU granted during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and per share, respectively. The RSUs vest over the requisite service period, which ranges between year and years from the date of grant, subject to the continued employment of the employees and services of the non-employee directors. The total fair value of RSUs that vested during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the total unamortized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested RSUs was approximately million, which the Company expects to amortize over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 market-based RSUs to executive employee that vest based on appreciation of the price of the Company s common stock over a multi-year period, subject to such executive s continued service to the Company. The Company estimated the fair value of the market-based RSU award on the grant date using the Monte Carlo simulation model with the following assumptions: (i) expected volatility of , (ii) risk-free interest rate of to , and (iii) total performance period of three to . The weighted-average grant date fair value of the market-based RSU award was per share. The Company recognizes expense for market-based RSUs over the requisite service period of to years. Provided that the requisite service is rendered, the total fair value of the market-based RSUs at the date of grant is recognized as compensation expense even if the market condition is not achieved. However, the number of shares that ultimately vest can vary significantly with the achievement of the specified market criteria. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to the market-based RSUs was approximately million, which is expected to be amortized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 RSUs to certain executive employees that vest based upon the achievement of designated financial and continued employment with the Company over period of . The fair value of the performance-based RSU grant is determined based upon the market closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The weighted-average grant date fair value of these performance-based RSUs was per unit. The Company recognizes expense for performance-based RSUs over the requisite service period based on management's estimate of the number of performance-based RSUs expected to vest. For any change in the estimate of the number of performance-based RSUs that are probable of vesting, the Company will cumulatively adjust compensation expense in the period that the change in estimate is made. The number of shares that ultimately vest vary with the achievement of the specified performance criteria. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to the performance-based RSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 shares of common stock, which will increase automatically on July 1 of each fiscal year during the term of the ESPP by the number of shares equal to of the total number of shares of common stock and preferred stock (on as-converted basis) outstanding as of the immediately preceding June 30, unless the board of directors elects to authorize a lesser number of shares; provided, that, the total number of shares issued under the ESPP may not exceed shares of common stock. 
 118 

-months during which eligible employees can participate in the ESPP and be granted the right to purchase shares semiannually. 
 Eligible employees can contribute up to of their eligible compensation, subject to limitation as provided for in the ESPP, and purchase the common stock at a purchase price per share equal to of the lesser of the fair market value of the common stock on (i) the offering date or (ii) the purchase date. 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Expected volatility to 
 to 
 to 
 Risk-free interest rate to 
 to 
 to 
 Expected dividend yield 
 As of June 30, 2023, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to the ESPP was million, which is expected to be amortized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 RSUs (1) 
 Performance-based awards Market-based RSUs Employee stock purchase plan Total stock-based compensation cost 
 
 Stock-based compensation cost from stock options, RSUs and purchase rights issued under the ESPP was included in the following line items in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and consolidated balance sheets (in thousands): 
 Year ended 
 June 30, 
 2023 2022 2021 Revenue - subscription and transaction fees Cost of revenue - service costs Research and development Sales and marketing (1) 
 General and administrative Total amount charged to loss from operations Property and equipment (capitalized internal-use software) Total stock-based compensation cost 
 (1) In October 2022, the Company entered into separation and advisory agreements with its former Chief Revenue Officer (the CRO, and such agreements, the CRO Agreements). Pursuant to the CRO Agreements, the former CRO will serve the Company 
 119 

million of stock-based compensation expense related to the former CRO's outstanding RSU awards. 
 
 million of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock (the Share Repurchase Program). The Company may repurchase shares of common stock from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means, including through the use of trading plans, intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing and total amount of share repurchases will depend upon business, economic and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices, and other considerations. The Share Repurchase Program has a term of months, may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate the Company to acquire any amount of common stock. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company repurchased and subsequently retired shares for million under the Share Repurchase Program. The total price of the shares repurchased and related transaction costs are reflected as a reduction of common stock and accumulated deficit on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of June 30, 2023, million remained available for future share repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 NOTE 12) ) ) Lower of cost or market adjustment on card receivables sold and held for sale ) ) ) Interest income Other ) Total ) ) 
 
 NOTE 13) ) ) Foreign ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 120 

) State Foreign Total current ) Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign Total deferred ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) )) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Stock-based compensation (1) 
 ) ) Research and development tax credits ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance related to acquisition (2) 
 ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance (3) 
 Unrecognized tax benefit ) ) Acquisition-related costs Foreign rate differential Other Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 ) ) 
 (1) 
 The rate impact during the year ended June 30, 2023 relates to the impact of non-deductible stock compensation and shortfalls related to tax deductions being smaller than the associated stock compensation expense. The rate impact during the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 pertains windfalls from tax deductions being larger than the associated stock compensation expense. 
 (2) 
 The rate impact during the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 pertains to the income tax benefit recorded as a result of the acquisitions of Invoice2go and Divvy, respectively, which allowed the Company to release a portion of its valuation allowance due to the net deferred tax liabilities that were recorded as a result of such acquisitions. 
 (3) 
 The rate impact during the year ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 pertains to (i) an increase in valuation allowance due to the increase in deferred tax assets associated with losses, capitalized R D expense and tax credits generated during the year, (ii) a change in deferred tax liability related to the 2025 Notes, and (iii) a change in deferred tax liability related to the acquisitions of Invoice2go and Divvy. 
 
 121 

Capitalized research and development Deferred revenue Stock-based compensation Net operating loss carryforwards Research and development credits Accrued rewards Operating lease liabilities Other Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
 Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred contract costs ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Operating right of use assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Accounting Standards Codification 740 requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences, and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset to the extent that management assesses that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Because of the Company s recent history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned future tax benefits is currently not likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a valuation allowance. The change in valuation allowance was approximately million, million, and million during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The increase in the June 30, 2023 valuation allowance is primarily from the application of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 effective fiscal year 2023 and thereafter, that requires companies to capitalize and amortize research and development expenses rather than deduct the costs as incurred, offset by a reduction in a deferred tax liabilities. The net deferred tax liability is included as other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 The Tax Cuts and Job Act subjects a U.S. company to tax on its Global Intangible Low Tax Income (GILTI). Under GAAP, the Company can make an accounting policy election to either treat taxes due on the GILTI inclusion as a current period expense or factor such amounts into the measurement of deferred taxes. The Company elected the period expense method. 
 The Company does not currently operate under any tax holiday in any country in which it operates. 
 The Company does not have foreign earnings available to distribute. As such, there is no unrecorded deferred tax liability associated with an outside basis of foreign subsidiaries. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had NOL carryforwards of billion, billion, and million for federal, state, and foreign tax purposes, respectively, that are available to reduce future taxable income. If not utilized, the state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in . As of June 30, 2023, the federal and foreign NOL carryforwards do not expire and will carry forward indefinitely until utilized. As of June 30, 2023, the 
 122 

million and million for federal and state tax purposes, respectively. If not utilized, the federal tax credits will expire at various dates beginning in 2039. The state tax credits do not expire and will carry forward indefinitely until utilized. 
 Utilization of the NOL and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Code and other similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of NOLs and tax credits before utilization. 
 Add: 
 Tax positions related to the current year 
 Increase from business combination Tax positions related to the prior year 
 Less: 
 Tax positions related to the prior year ) Statute of limitations lapse ) ) Balance at the end of the year 
 The Company had unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, all of which are offset by a full valuation allowance. If the unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2023 is recognized, it will not have an impact to the effective tax rate due to the Company s valuation allowance. 
 The amount of interest and penalties accrued as of each of June 30, 2023 and 2022 were not material. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. for U.S. federal, California, and various states and foreign jurisdictions. The Company s U.S. federal, state, and foreign tax returns for all years remain subject to examination by taxing authorities as a result of unused tax attributes being carried forward. The Company records liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, which provide adequate reserves for income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. The Company s management evaluates the realizability of the Company s deferred tax assets based on all available evidence, both positive and negative. The realization of net deferred tax assets is dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient future taxable income during the foreseeable future. The Company does not anticipate any material change on its unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months. 
 
 In December 2022, the Internal Revenue Service initiated an audit of Divvy's pre-acquisition tax year ending December 31, 2020, which was closed without adjustment on August 7, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 14 
 years and the weighted-average discount rate used to estimate the net present value of the operating lease liabilities was . 
 123 

million, million, and million during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 The total amount of ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities was million, million, and million during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Variable lease expense, net of credit Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 (1) Includes short-term lease, which is not material for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 . 
 
 NOTE 15 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Gross lease payments Less - present value adjustments ) Total operating lease liabilities, net 
 The current portion of operating lease liabilities, which is included in other accruals and current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, was million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The non-current portion of operating lease liabilities was million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 In addition to the minimum lease payments above, the Company has multi-year agreements with certain third parties and financial institution partners, expiring through , which require the Company to pay 
 124 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Purchase of Card Receivables That Have Not Cleared 
 The Company is contractually obligated to purchase all card receivables from the Issuing Banks including authorized transactions that have not cleared. The transactions that have been authorized but not cleared totaled million as of June 30, 2023 and have not been recorded on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company has credit exposures with these authorized but not cleared transactions; however, the expected credit losses recorded were not material as of June 30, 2023. See Note 7 for additional discussion about acquired card receivables. 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, the Company is involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company records a provision for a liability when management believes that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of each of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company s reserve for litigation is immaterial. The Company reviews these provisions periodically and adjusts these provisions to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. 
 
 NOTE 16) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 
 Basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Basic and diluted 
 125 

Restricted stock units Total 
 million shares underlying the conversion option of the Notes are not considered in the calculation of diluted net loss per share as they would be anti-dilutive. Such number of shares issuable under the Notes is subject to adjustment up to approximately million shares if certain corporate events occur prior to the maturity date of the Notes or if the Company issues a notice of redemption. The Company s current intent is to settle conversions of the Notes through a combination settlement, which involves a repayment of the principal portion in cash with any excess of the conversion value over the principal amount settled in shares of common stock. The Company uses the "as-if converted" method for calculating any potential dilutive effect of the conversion option on diluted earnings per share, if applicable. As of June 30, 2023, the Conversion Condition was not triggered for either the 2025 Notes or the 2027 Notes. 
 126 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation and supervision of our chief executive officer (CEO) and our chief financial officer (CFO), have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) as of June 30, 2023, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 based on the 2013 framework established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 was effective. 
 The effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Material Weaknesses Remediation 
 As previously reported, our management and Ernst Young LLP, our external auditor, determined that previously unidentified deficiencies existed in our internal control over financial reporting related to certain information systems and applications within the quote-to-cash process as of June 30, 2022 because insufficient testing, documentation, and evidence had been retained to conclude on the effectiveness of internal controls. Solely as a result of these deficiencies, in May 2023, we concluded that we had a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022. 
 Our management has been committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment. In response to the identified material weakness above, management, with the oversight of the audit committee of our board of directors, has taken comprehensive actions to remediate the material weakness described above. During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, we implemented measures designed to remediate the control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness, which included testing of the relevant controls, enhancing documentation, and retaining incremental evidence that supports the effectiveness of controls in the information systems and applications used in the quote-to-cash process by the end of fiscal 2023. 
 The remediation efforts are intended both to address the identified material weakness and to enhance our overall financial control environment. We believe our remediation efforts resulted in the elimination of the previously identified material weakness as of June 30, 2023. We have dedicated resources to design, implement, document, and test our internal controls over financial reporting. We will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to make changes that we believe will strengthen our internal control over financial reporting to ensure that our financial statements continue to be fairly stated in all material respects. 
 127 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Except as described above there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitation on the Effectiveness of Internal Control 
 Our management, including our CEO and CFO, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Total Shares to be Sold Expiration Date Rule 10b5-1 (1) 
 Non-Rule 10b5-1 (2) 
 Adopt 8/23/2024 
 (1) Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). The Rule 10b5-1 plan included a representation from the participant to the broker administering the plan that such person was not in possession of any material nonpublic information regarding us or our securities subject to the Rule 10b5-1 plan at the time the Rule 10b5-1 plan was entered into. This representation was made as of the date of adoption of the Rule 10b5-1 plan, and speaks only as of that date. In making this representation, there is no assurance with respect to any material nonpublic information of which the participant was unaware, or with respect to any material nonpublic information acquired by the participant or us after the date of the representation. 
 (2) Not intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 
 128 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 We maintain a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that incorporates our code of ethics applicable to all our employees (including executive officers), independent contractors, and our board of directors. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is published on our Investor Relations website at investor.bill.com under Governance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on the website address and location specified above. 
 The remaining information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023. 
 129 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable or because the information required is already included in the financial statements or the notes to those financial statements. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The documents set forth below are filed herewith or are incorporated herein by reference to the location indicated. 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Number Filing Date Filed Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 6, 2021, between the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant and DivvyPay, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 S-3/ASR 333-256709 2.1 06/02/2021 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 16, 2021, between the Registrant and Invoice2go, Inc. 
 S-3/ASR 333-259419 2.1 09/09/2021 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation , as amended . 
 X 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 8-K 001-39149 3.2 02/17/2023 4.1 Form of Common Stock certificate. 
 S-1/A 333-234730 4.1 12/2/2019 4.2 Tenth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated December 21, 2018, by and among the Registrant and certain security holders of the Registrant, as amended. 
 S-1 333-234730 4.2 11/15/2019 4.3 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 X 4.4 Indenture, dated as of November 30, 2020, between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the form of 0 convertible senior notes due 2025). 
 8-K 001-39149 4.1 11/30/2020 4.5 Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2021, between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the form of 0 convertible senior notes due 2027). 
 X 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 S-1 333-234730 10.1 11/15/2019 10.2 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of equity agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 333-234730 10.2 11/15/2019 10.3 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of equity agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 333-234730 10.3 11/15/2019 10.4 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, and forms of equity agreements thereunder. 
 X 10.5 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and forms of subscription agreement thereunder. 
 X 10.6 Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement for executive officers. 
 S-1/A 333-234730 10.6 12/2/2019 
 130 

10.7 Offer Letter, by and between the Registrant and Ren Lacerte. 
 S-1/A 333-234730 10.7 12/2/2019 10.8 Offer Letter, by and between the Registrant and John Rettig. 
 S-1/A 333-234730 10.8 12/2/2019 10.9 Offer Letter, by and between the Registrant and Raj Aji. 
 10-K 001-39149 10.1 08/30/2021 10.10 Employment Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Loren Padelford. 
 X 10.11 Consulting Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Bora Chung. 
 10-Q/A 001-39149 10.1 8/24/2023 10.12 Letter Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Bora Chung . 
 10-Q/A 001-39149 10.2 8/24/2023 10.13 Third Amendment to Office Lease, by and between the Registrant and US ER America Center 4, LLC . 
 10-K 001-39149 10.12 08/22/2022 10.14 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, as amended, by and between Divvy Peach LLC, Goldman Sachs Bank USA and the lenders party thereto. 
 10-Q 001-39149 10.1 11/04/2022 10.15 DivvyPay, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-K 001-39149 10.14 08/30/2021 10.16 Invoice2go, Inc. 2014 Stock Plan. 
 S-8 333-259420 99.1 09/09/2021 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1994 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1994 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. X 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set X 
 ______________________________ 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 + Registrant has omitted portions of the exhibit as permitted under Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of the Exchange Act . 
 
 Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 131 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 August 29, 2023 By: /s/ Ren Lacerte (Date) Ren Lacerte Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Ren Lacerte and John Rettig, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, proxies, and agents, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this registration statement (including post-effective amendments or any abbreviated registration statement and any amendments thereto filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) increasing the number of securities for which registration is sought), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, proxies, and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, proxies, and agents, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Ren Lacerte Chief Executive Officer and Director August 29, 2023 Ren Lacerte (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ John Rettig Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance and Operations 
 August 29, 2023 John Rettig (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Germaine Cota Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounting August 29, 2023 Germaine Cota (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Aida Alvarez Director August 29, 2023 Aida Alvarez /s/ Steven Cakebread Director August 29, 2023 Steven Cakebread /s/ Stephen Fisher Director August 29, 2023 Stephen Fisher /s/ David Hornik Director August 29, 2023 David Hornik 
 132 

/s/ Brian Jacobs Director August 29, 2023 Brian Jacobs /s/ Peter Kight Director August 29, 2023 Peter Kight /s/ Allie Kline Director August 29, 2023 Allie Kline /s/ Allison Mnookin Director August 29, 2023 Allison Mnookin /s/ Tina Reich Director August 29, 2023 Tina Reich /s/ Scott Wagner Director August 29, 2023 Scott Wagner /s/ Alison Wagonfeld Director August 29, 2023 Alison Wagonfeld 
 133 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 bill-20230620xex31.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 

Exhibit 3.1 
 
 RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF 
 BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 Bill.com Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that 
 
 1. The name of the corporation is Bill.com Holdings, Inc. The date of filing its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State was August 2, 2018 under the name BDC Payments Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation attached hereto as Exhibit A , which is incorporated herein by this reference, and which restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation as previously amended or supplemented, has been duly adopted by this corporation s Board of Directors and the requisite stockholders in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, with the approval of the corporation s stockholders having been given by written consent without a meeting in accordance with Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said corporation has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its duly authorized officer and the foregoing facts stated herein are true and correct. 
 
 Dated December 16, 2019 BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 By s Ren Lacerte Ren Lacerte 
 Chief Executive Officer 

1 

EXHIBIT A BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. 
 RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

ARTICLE I NAME 
 The name of the corporation is Bill.com Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation ). 
 ARTICLE II AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS 
 
 The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 3500 South Dupont Highway, City of Dover, County of Kent, DE 19901. The name of its registered agent at such address is Incorporating Services, Ltd. 
 
 ARTICLE III PURPOSE 
 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the General Corporation Law ). 
 
 ARTICLE IV AUTHORIZED STOCK 
 
 1. Total Authorized . The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation has authority to issue is 510,000,000 shares, consisting of two classes 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 
 0.00001 par value per share Common Stock ), and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, 0.00001 par value per share Preferred Stock ). 
 2. Desi g nation of Additional Series. 
 
 2.1. The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by the law of the State of Delaware, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, and, by filing a Certificate of Designation pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware Certificate of Designation ), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the designation, powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and, except where otherwise provided in the applicable Certificate of Designation, to thereafter increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the Preferred Stock) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may also be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, without a separate vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law, unless a separate vote of the holders of one or more series is required pursuant to the terms 

2 

of any Certificate of Designation provided , however , that if two-thirds of the Whole Board (as defined below) has approved such increase or decrease of the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, then only the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, without a separate vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock (unless a separate vote of the holders of one or more series is required pursuant to the terms of any Certificate of Designation), shall be required to effect such increase or decrease. For purposes of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be amended and or restated from time to time, including pursuant the terms of any Certificate of Designation designating a series of Preferred Stock, this Certificate of Incorporation ), the term Whole Board shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. 
 
 2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided in any Certificate of Designation designating any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Article IV, any new series of Preferred Stock may be designated, fixed and determined as provided herein by the Board without approval of the holders of Common Stock or the holders of Preferred Stock, or any series thereof, and any such new series may have powers, preferences and rights, including, without limitation, voting powers, dividend rights, liquidation rights, redemption rights and conversion rights, senior to, junior to or pari passu with the rights of the Common Stock, any series of Preferred Stock or any future class or series of capital stock of the Corporation. 
 
 2.3 Each outstanding share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation for their vote provided , however , that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation. 
 ARTICLE V AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 
 The Board shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation (as the same may be amended and or restated from time to time, the Bylaws ). Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws by the Board shall require the approval of a majority of the Whole Board. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws provided , however , that notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser or no vote, but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by applicable law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws provided further , that, in the case of any proposed adoption, amendment or repeal of any provisions of the Bylaws that is approved by the Board and submitted to the stockholders for adoption thereby, if two-thirds of the Whole Board has approved such adoption, amendment or repeal of any provisions of the Bylaws, then only the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws. 

3 

ARTICLE VI MATTERS RELATING TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 1. Director Powers . Except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law or this Certificate of Incorporation, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. 
 
 2. Number of Directors . Subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the total number of directors constituting the Whole Board shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. 
 
 3. Classified Board . Subject to the special rights of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the directors shall be divided, with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively (the Classified Board ). The Board may assign members of the Board already in office to the Classified Board. The number of directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as is practicable. The initial term of office of the Class I directors shall expire at the Corporation s first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Corporation s initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relating to the offer and sale of Common Stock to the public (the Initial Public Offering ), the initial term of office of the Class II directors shall expire at the Corporation s second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the initial term of office of the Class III directors shall expire at the Corporation s third annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering. At each annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, directors elected to succeed those directors of the class whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election. 
 
 4. Term and Removal . Each director shall hold office until the annual meeting at which such director s term expires and until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified, or until such director s earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Any director may resign by delivering a resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation at its principal office or to the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary. Subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, no director may be removed from the Board except for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. In the event of any increase or decrease in the authorized number of directors, (a) each director then serving as such shall nevertheless continue as a director of the class of which he or she is a member and (b) the newly created or eliminated directorships resulting from such increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the classes of directors so as to make all classes as nearly equal in number as is practicable, provided that no decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of any director. 

4 

5. Board Vacancies and Newl y Created Directorships . Subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any vacancy occurring in the Board for any cause, and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, shall be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and shall not be filled by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which the director has been assigned expires and until such director s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such director s earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. 
 6. Vote b y Ballot . Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so 
 provide. 
 
 7. Preferred Directors . If and for so long as the holders of any series of Preferred Stock have 
 the special right to elect additional directors, then upon commencement and for the duration of the period during which such right continues (i) the then otherwise total authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall automatically be increased by such specified number of directors, and the holders of such Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect the additional directors so provided for or fixed pursuant to said provisions, and (ii) each such additional director shall serve until such director s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such director s right to hold such office terminates pursuant to said provisions, whichever occurs earlier, subject to his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. Except as otherwise provided by the Board in the resolution or resolutions establishing such series, whenever the holders of any series of Preferred Stock having such right to elect additional directors are divested of such right pursuant to the provisions of such stock, the terms of office of all such additional directors elected by the holders of such stock, or elected to fill any vacancies resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of such additional directors, shall forthwith terminate and the total authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be reduced accordingly. 
 
 ARTICLE VII DIRECTOR LIABILITY 
 
 1. Limitation of Liabilit y . To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Without limiting the effect of the preceding sentence, if the General Corporation Law is hereafter amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of a director, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law, as so amended. 
 
 2. Change in Rights . Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII, shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or adoption of such an inconsistent provision. 

5 

ARTICLE VIII MATTERS RELATING TO STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 1. No Action b y Written Consent of Stockholders . Subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, no action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation except at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and no action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation by written consent in lieu of a meeting. 
 
 2. S p ecial Meeting of Stockholders . Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Lead Independent Director (as defined in the Bylaws), the President, or the Board acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board and may not be called by the stockholders or any other person or persons. 
 
 3. Advance Notice of Stockholder Nominations and Business Transacted at S p ecial Meetin gs . Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors of the Corporation and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. Business transacted at special meetings of stockholders shall be limited to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting. 
 ARTICLE IX CHOICE OF FORUM 
 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders (c) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law, this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or as to which the General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or (e) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article IX. 
 
 ARTICLE X AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 If any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, then such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including without limitation, all portions of any section of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, which is not invalid, illegal, or unenforceable) shall remain in full force and effect. 

6 

The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware and all rights conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to this reservation provided , however , that, notwithstanding any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote (but subject to Section 2 of Article IV hereof), but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of the stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation provided , further , that if two- thirds of the Whole Board has approved such amendment or repeal of any provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation, then only the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class (in addition to any other vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law of by this Certificate of Incorporation), shall be required to amend or repeal such provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation. 

7 

Exhibit 3.1 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO THE RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Bill.com Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), does hereby certify that 
 1. The Corporation s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended to the date hereof, the Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 16, 2019, under the name Bill.com Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Pursuant to Section 242 of the DGCL, this Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (this Certificate of Amendment amends the provisions of the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation. 
 3. Pursuant to Section 242 of the DGCL, the Board of Directors of the Corporation has duly adopted this Certificate of Amendment, and no meeting or vote of the Corporation s stockholders is required to adopt this Certificate of Amendment. 
 4. The first sentence of Article I of the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows The name of the corporation is BILL Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation ). 

The terms and provisions of this Certificate of Amendment shall become effective at 12 01 a.m., Eastern Time on February 27, 2023. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , said corporation has caused this certificate to be signed this 17th day of February, 2023. 
 By s Ren Lacerte 
 
 Ren Lacerte, Founder and CEO 

8 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 bill-20230630xex43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following description summarizes the most important terms of the capital stock of BILL Holdings, Inc. we, us or our ). Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you. For a complete description, you should refer to our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (our certificate of incorporation ), and our second amended and restated bylaws (our bylaws and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 510,000,000 shares of capital stock, including 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.00001 par value per share. 
 Common Stock 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock will be able to elect all of our directors. Our certificate of incorporation establishes a classified board of directors, divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 Upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock and any participating redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We have no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Our board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, 

to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations, or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in our control and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. We have no current plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 The provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), our certificate of incorporation, and our bylaws could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our company. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 Section 203 of the DGCL 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions 
 before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder or 
 at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 2 

Section 203 defines a business combination to include 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 any sale, transfer, lease, pledge, or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance of transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder and 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions 
 Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, or delaying or preventing changes in control of our management team or changes in our board of directors or our governance or policy, including the following 
 Board Vacancies . Our bylaws and our certificate of incorporation authorize generally only our board of directors to fill vacant directorships resulting from any cause or created by the expansion of our board of directors. In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of directors may be set only by resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire board of directors. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. 
 Classified Board . Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. The existence of a classified board of directors could delay a successful tender offeror from obtaining majority control of our board of directors, and the prospect of that delay might deter a potential offeror. 
 Directors Removed Only for Cause . Our certificate of incorporation provides that stockholders may remove directors only for cause. 
 Supermajority Requirements for Amendments of Our Certificate of Incorporation and Our Bylaws . Our certificate of incorporation further provides that the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of our outstanding common stock is required to amend certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation, including provisions relating to the classified board, the size of the board of directors, removal of directors, special meetings, actions by written consent, and 
 3 

designation of our preferred stock. The affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of our outstanding common stock is required to amend or repeal our bylaws, although our bylaws may be amended by a simple majority vote of our board of directors. 
 Stockholder Action Special Meetings of Stockholders . Our certificate of incorporation provides that our stockholders may not take action by written consent, but may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. As a result, holders of our capital stock would not be able to amend our bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with our bylaws. Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, or our chief executive officer, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders to take any action, including the removal of directors. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations . Our bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholder seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholder or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholder or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. We expect that these provisions might also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 No Cumulative Voting . The DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting. 
 Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock . Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise. 
 Choice of Forum . Our certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent to us or our stockholders any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our bylaws also provide that 
 4 

the federal district courts of the United States of America, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). We refer to this provision of our bylaws as the Federal Forum Provision . While there can be no assurance that federal or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court which found that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. Section 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder also must be brought in federal court. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 Exchange Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on The New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BILL. 
 
 5 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-4.5>
 4
 bill-20230630xex45.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 

Exhibit 4.5 

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. AND 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 
 as Trustee INDENTURE 
 Dated as of September 24, 2021 
 
 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 
 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

P AGE 
 ARTICLE 1 D EFINITIONS 
 Section 1.01. Definitions 1 
 Section 1.02. References to Interest 14 
 ARTICLE 2 
 Issue, Description, Execution, Registration and Exchange of Notes 
 
 Section 2.01. 
 Designation and Amount 
 14 
 Section 2.02. 
 Form of Notes 
 14 
 Section 2.03. 
 Date and Denomination of Notes No Regular Interest Special Interest and Defaulted Amounts 
 15 
 Section 2.04. 
 Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes 
 17 
 Section 2.05. 
 Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes Restrictions on Transfer Depositary 
 17 
 Section 2.06. 
 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 
 25 
 Section 2.07. 
 Temporary Notes 
 26 
 Section 2.08. 
 Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc 
 26 
 Section 2.09. 
 CUSIP Numbers 
 27 
 Section 2.10. 
 Additional Notes Repurchases 
 27 
 
 ARTICLE 3 Satisfaction and Discharge 
 Section 3.01. Satisfaction and Discharge 27 
 ARTICLE 4 
 Particular Covenants of the Company 
 
 Section 4.01. 
 Payment of Principal and Special Interest 
 28 
 Section 4.02. 
 Maintenance of Office or Agency 
 28 
 Section 4.03. 
 Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustee s Office 
 28 
 Section 4.04. 
 Provisions as to Paying Agent 
 29 
 Section 4.05. 
 Existence 30 
 Section 4.06. 
 Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports 
 30 
 Section 4.07. 
 Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 
 32 
 Section 4.08. 
 Compliance Certificate Statements as to Defaults 
 32 
 Section 4.09. 
 Further Instruments and Acts 
 33 
 
 i 

ARTICLE 5 
 Lists of Holders and Reports by the Company and the Trustee 
 
 Section 5.01. 
 Lists of Holders 
 33 
 Section 5.02. 
 Preservation and Disclosure of Lists 
 33 
 
 ARTICLE 6 Defaults and Remedies 
 
 Section 6.01. 
 Events of Default 
 33 
 Section 6.02. 
 Acceleration Rescission and Annulment 
 35 
 Section 6.03. 
 Special Interest 
 36 
 Section 6.04. 
 Payments of Notes on Default Suit Therefor 
 37 
 Section 6.05. 
 Application of Monies Collected by Trustee 
 39 
 Section 6.06. 
 Proceedings by Holders 
 39 
 Section 6.07. 
 Proceedings by Trustee 
 40 
 Section 6.08. 
 Remedies Cumulative and Continuing 
 41 
 Section 6.09. 
 Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders 
 41 
 Section 6.10. 
 Notice of Defaults 
 42 
 Section 6.11. 
 Undertaking to Pay Costs 
 42 
 
 ARTICLE 7 Concerning the Trustee 
 
 Section 7.01. 
 Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee 
 42 
 Section 7.02. 
 Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc 
 44 
 Section 7.03. 
 No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc 
 46 
 Section 7.04. 
 Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes 
 47 
 Section 7.05. 
 Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust 
 47 
 Section 7.06. 
 Compensation and Expenses of Trustee 
 47 
 Section 7.07. 
 Officer s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel as Evidence 
 48 
 Section 7.08. 
 Eligibility of Trustee 
 48 
 Section 7.09. 
 Resignation or Removal of Trustee 
 48 
 Section 7.10. 
 Acceptance by Successor Trustee 
 49 
 Section 7.11. 
 Succession by Merger, Etc 
 50 
 Section 7.12. 
 Trustee s Application for Instructions from the Company 
 50 
 
 ARTICLE 8 Concerning the Holders 
 
 Section 8.01. 
 Action by Holders 
 51 
 Section 8.02. 
 Proof of Execution by Holders 
 51 
 Section 8.03. 
 Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners 
 51 
 Section 8.04. 
 Company-Owned Notes Disregarded 
 52 
 Section 8.05. 
 Revocation of Consents Future Holders Bound 
 52 
 
 ii 

ARTICLE 9 H OLDERS M EETINGS 
 Section 9.01. 
 Purpose of Meetings 
 53 Section 9.02. 
 Call of Meetings by Trustee 
 53 Section 9.03. 
 Call of Meetings by Company or Holders 
 53 Section 9.04. 
 Qualifications for Voting 
 53 Section 9.05. 
 Regulations 54 Section 9.06. 
 Voting 54 Section 9.07. 
 No Delay of Rights by Meeting 
 55 
 ARTICLE 10 Supplemental Indentures 
 
 Section 10.01. 
 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 
 55 
 Section 10.02. 
 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 
 56 
 Section 10.03. 
 Effect of Supplemental Indentures 
 57 
 Section 10.04. 
 Notation on Notes 
 58 
 Section 10.05. 
 Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished Trustee 
 58 
 
 ARTICLE 11 
 Consolidation, Merger, Sale, Conveyance and Lease 
 
 Section 11.01. 
 Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 
 58 
 Section 11.02. 
 Successor Corporation to Be Substituted 
 59 
 Section 11.03. 
 Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee 
 59 
 
 ARTICLE 12 
 Immunity of Incorporators, Stockholders, Officers and Directors 
 Section 12.01. Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations 60 
 ARTICLE 13 Intentionally Omitted 
 ARTICLE 14 Conversion of Notes 
 
 Section 14.01. 
 Conversion Privilege 
 60 
 Section 14.02. 
 Conversion Procedure Settlement Upon Conversion 
 64 
 Section 14.03. 
 Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or 
 During a Redemption Period 
 70 
 Section 14.04. 
 Adjustment of Conversion Rate 
 72 
 Section 14.05. 
 Adjustments of Prices 
 82 
 
 iii 

Section 14.06. 
 Shares to Be Fully Paid 
 83 Section 14.07. 
 Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock 
 83 Section 14.08. 
 Certain Covenants 
 85 Section 14.09. 
 Responsibility of Trustee 
 85 Section 14.10. 
 Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions 
 86 Section 14.11. 
 Stockholder Rights Plans 
 87 Section 14.12. 
 Exchange in Lieu of Conversion 
 87 
 ARTICLE 15 
 Repurchase of Notes at Option of Holders 
 
 Section 15.01. 
 Intentionally Omitted 
 88 
 Section 15.02. 
 Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change 
 88 
 Section 15.03. 
 Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice 
 91 
 Section 15.04. 
 Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 
 91 
 Section 15.05. 
 Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes 
 92 
 
 ARTICLE 16 Optional Redemption 
 
 Section 16.01. 
 Optional Redemption 
 92 
 Section 16.02. 
 Notice of Optional Redemption Selection of Notes 
 93 
 Section 16.03. 
 Payment of Notes Called for Redemption 
 94 
 Section 16.04. 
 Restrictions on Redemption 
 95 
 
 ARTICLE 17 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 
 Section 17.01. 
 Provisions Binding on Company s Successors 
 95 
 Section 17.02. 
 Official Acts by Successor Corporation 
 95 
 Section 17.03. 
 Addresses for Notices, Etc 
 95 
 Section 17.04. 
 Governing Law Jurisdiction 
 96 
 Section 17.05. 
 Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee 
 96 
 Section 17.06. 
 Legal Holidays 
 97 
 Section 17.07. 
 No Security Interest Created 
 97 
 Section 17.08. 
 Benefits of Indenture 
 97 
 Section 17.09. 
 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc 
 97 
 Section 17.10. 
 Authenticating Agent 
 98 
 Section 17.11. 
 Execution in Counterparts 
 99 
 Section 17.12. 
 Severability 99 
 Section 17.13. 
 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 99 
 Section 17.14. 
 Force Majeure 
 100 
 Section 17.15. 
 Calculations 100 
 Section 17.16. 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 100 
 Section 17.17. 
 Tax Withholding 
 101 
 
 iv 

EXHIBIT 
 Exhibit A Form of Note A-1 
 v 

INDENTURE dated as of September 24, 2021 between BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company , as more fully set forth in Section 1.01) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee , as more fully set forth in Section 1.01). 

W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Company has duly authorized the issuance of its 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes ), initially in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 575,000,000, and in order to provide the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are to be authenticated, issued and delivered, the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Form of Note, the certificate of authentication to be borne by each Note, the Form of Notice of Conversion, the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and the Form of Assignment and Transfer to be borne by the Notes are to be substantially in the forms hereinafter provided and 
 
 WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent, as provided in this Indenture, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and this Indenture the valid, binding and legal agreement of the Company and the Trustee, have been done and performed, and the execution of this Indenture and the issuance hereunder of the Notes have in all respects been duly authorized. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH 
 
 That in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated, issued and delivered, and in consideration of the premises and of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes (except as otherwise provided below), as follows 

ARTICLE 1 D EFINITIONS 
 
 Section 1.01 . Definitions. The terms defined in this Section 1.01 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 1.01. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular. 
 
 Additional Shares shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(a). 

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the determination of whether one Person is an Affiliate of another Person for purposes of this Indenture shall be made based on the facts at the time such determination is made or required to be made, as the case may be, hereunder. 
 
 Applicable Procedures means, with respect to a Depositary, as to any matter at any time, the policies and procedures of such Depositary, if any, that are applicable to such matter at such time. 
 
 Bid Solicitation Agent means the Company or the Person appointed by the Company to solicit bids for the Trading Price of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(i). The Company shall initially act as the Bid Solicitation Agent. 
 Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or a committee of such board duly authorized to act for it hereunder. Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted 
 by the Board of Directors, and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee. 
 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed, except that, solely for purposes of Section 17.06, a day on which the applicable place of payment is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed will be deemed not to be a Business Day. 
 
 Capital Stock means, for any entity, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) stock issued by that entity provided that debt securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock shall not constitute Capital Stock prior to their conversion or exchange, as the case may be. 
 
 Cash Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a). 
 
 Certain Distributions Notification shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(ii). 
 Certain Distributions Conversion Period End Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(ii). Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 
 2 

Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). close of business means 5 00 p.m. (New York City time). 
 Combination Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a). Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or policies of such Person. 
 
 Common Stock means the Common Stock of the Company, par value 0.00001 per share, at the date of this Indenture, subject to Section 14.07. 
 
 Company shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of this Indenture, and subject to the provisions of Article 11, shall include its successors and assigns. 
 
 Company Order means a written order of the Company, signed on behalf of the Company by an Officer. Conversion Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02. 
 Conversion Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(c). Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a). 
 Conversion Price means as of any time, 1,000, divided by the Conversion Rate as of such time. Conversion Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a). 
 Corporate Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(iii). 
 
 Corporate Trust Office means the designated corporate trust office of the Trustee at which at any time this Indenture shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, CTSO Mail Operations, 600 South 4 th Street, 7 th Floor, Minneapolis, MN 55415, Attention BILL.COM Administrator, and for Agent services such office shall also mean the office or agency of the Trustee at the date hereof located at Corporate Trust Operations, MAC N9300 070, 600 South Fourth Street, Seventh Floor, Minneapolis, MN 55415 or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the designated corporate trust office of any successor trustee (or such other address as such successor trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company). 
 3 

Custodian means the Trustee, as custodian for The Depository Trust Company, with respect to the Global Notes, or any successor entity thereto. 
 
 Daily Conversion Value means, for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the Observation Period, 5.0 of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day. 
 
 Daily Measurement Value means the Specified Dollar Amount (if any), divided by 20. 
 
 Daily Settlement Amount , for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the Observation Period, shall consist of 
 (a) cash in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Daily Measurement Value and (ii) the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day and 
 (b) if the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day exceeds the Daily Measurement Value, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and the Daily Measurement Value, divided by (ii) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day. 
 
 Daily VWAP means, for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page BILL equity AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of the Common Stock on such Trading Day determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The Daily VWAP shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours. 
 
 Default means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time, or both, would be, an Event of Default. 
 
 Defaulted Amounts means any amounts on any Note (including, without limitation, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, the Redemption Price, principal and Special Interest) that are payable but are not punctually paid or duly provided for. 
 
 delivered with respect to any notice to be delivered, given or mailed to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture, shall mean notice (x) given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices or Applicable Procedures (in the case of a Global Note) or (y) mailed to such Holder by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register, in each case in accordance with Section 17.03. Notice so delivered shall be deemed to include any notice to be mailed or given, as applicable, under this Indenture. 
 4 

Depositary means, with respect to each Global Note, the Person specified in Section 2.05(c) as the Depositary with respect to such Notes, until a successor shall have been appointed and become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter, Depositary shall mean or include such successor. 
 
 Distributed Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 
 
 Effective Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c), except that, as used in Section 14.04 and Section 14.05, Effective Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, reflecting the relevant share split or share combination, as applicable. 
 
 Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01. 
 
 Ex-Dividend Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from the Company or, if applicable, from the seller of Common Stock on such exchange or market (in the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Exchange Election shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12. 
 Expiration Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(e). 
 
 Finance Subsidiary means any Subsidiary primarily engaged in the (i) acquisition, holding, financing, and or resale of accounts receivable (or interests therein), or providing or arrange financing with respect to accounts receivable, and substantially all assets of which consist of (a) accounts receivable (or interests therein), (b) loans secured by accounts receivable, (c) related assets and (d) cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash used in or generated by the business of such finance subsidiary. 
 
 Form of Assignment and Transfer means the Form of Assignment and Transfer attached as Attachment 3 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 
 Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice means the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice attached as Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 
 Form of Note means the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 
 Form of Notice of Conversion means the Form of Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 5 

Fundamental Change shall be deemed to have occurred at the time after the Notes are originally issued if any of the following occurs 
 (a) a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, becomes the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of the Common Stock (or such other Common Equity into which the Common Stock has been reclassified) representing more than 50 of the voting power of the Common Stock (or such other Common Equity into which the Common Stock has been reclassified) and files a Schedule TO (or any successor schedule, form or report) or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing such fact provided that no person or group shall be deemed to be the beneficial owner of any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or group until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange under such offer 
 (b) the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from (i) a subdivision, combination or a change in par value) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one or more of the Company s Wholly Owned Subsidiaries provided , however , that a transaction described in clause (A) or (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Company s Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of all classes of Common Equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions (relative to each other) as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction shall not be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (b) 
 (c) the Company s stockholders approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company or 
 (d) the Common Stock (or other Common Equity underlying the Notes) ceases to be listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) 
 
 provided , however , that a transaction or transactions described in clause (a) or clause (b) above shall not constitute a Fundamental Change, if at least 90 of the consideration received or to be received by the common stockholders of the Company, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights, in connection with such transaction or transactions consists of shares of common stock or other Common Equity that are 
 6 

listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions and as a result of such transaction or transactions such consideration becomes Reference Property for the Notes, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights (subject to the provisions of Section 14.02(a)). Any event, transaction or series of related transactions that constitute a Fundamental Change under both clause (a) and clause (b) above (determined without regard to the proviso in clause 
 (b) above) shall be deemed to be a Fundamental Change solely under clause (b) above (subject to the proviso to clause (b)). If any transaction in which the Common Stock is replaced by the securities of another entity occurs, following completion of any related Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period (or, in the case of a transaction that would have been a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change but for the proviso immediately following clause (d) of this definition, following the effective date of such transaction) references to the Company in this definition shall instead be references to such other entity. 
 
 Fundamental Change Company Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(c). Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(a). Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(b)(i). Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(a). Global Note shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b). 
 Holder , as applied to any Note, or other similar terms (but excluding the term beneficial holder ), means any Person in whose name at the time a particular Note is registered on the Note Register. 
 Indenture means this instrument as originally executed or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented. Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) on any date means the 
 closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of 
 the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is traded. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the last quoted bid price per share for the Common Stock (or such other security) in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as 
 7 

reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so quoted, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices per share for the Common Stock (or such other security) on the relevant date from each of at least three nationally recognized independent investment banking firms selected by the Company for this purpose. The Last Reported Sale Price shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of regular trading session hours. 
 
 Make-Whole Fundamental Change means any transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change (as defined above and determined after giving effect to any exceptions to or exclusions from such definition, but without regard to the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof). 
 
 Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(a). 
 
 Market Disruption Event means, for the purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion (a) a failure by the primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) the occurrence or existence prior to 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common Stock for more than one half- hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts trading on any U.S. exchange relating to the Common Stock. 
 
 Maturity Date means April 1, 2027. 
 
 Measurement Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(i). 
 
 Non-Recourse Indebtedness means indebtedness of any of the Company s Finance Subsidiaries with respect to which recourse for payment is limited to assets of such Subsidiary (or the assets of any Subsidiary thereof) encumbered by a lien securing such indebtedness and or the general credit of such Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary thereof) but for which recourse shall not extend to our general credit or the general credit of any of our other Subsidiaries, it being understood that the instruments governing such indebtedness may include customary carve-outs to such limited recourse such as, for example and without limitation, personal recourse to the Company or its Subsidiaries for breach of representations, fraud, misapplication or misappropriation of cash, voluntary bankruptcy filings, involuntary bankruptcy filings by the Company or its other Subsidiaries or where the Company or any of its other Subsidiaries collude with or affirmatively assist the petitioners in such filing, violation of loan document prohibitions against transfer of assets or ownership interests therein, environmental liabilities, tax indemnities and liabilities and other circumstances customarily excluded by lenders from exculpation provisions and or included in separate indemnification and or guaranty agreements in structured financing transactions (as determined by the Company in good faith). 
 8 

Note or Notes shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this Indenture. Note Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a). 
 Note Registrar shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a). Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(b). 
 Observation Period with respect to any Note surrendered for conversion means (i) subject to clause (ii), if the relevant Conversion Date occurs prior to January 1, 2027, the 20 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the second Trading Day immediately succeeding such Conversion Date (ii) if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during a Redemption Period, the 20 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such Redemption Date and (iii) subject to clause (ii), if the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after January 1, 2027, the 20 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. 
 
 Offering Memorandum means the preliminary offering memorandum dated September 21, 2021, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet dated September 21, 2021, relating to the offering and sale of the Notes. 
 
 Officer means, with respect to the Company, the President, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the Secretary, any assistant Treasurer, any assistant Secretary, any Executive or Senior Vice President or any Vice President (whether or not designated by a number or numbers or word or words added before or after the title Vice President ). 
 
 Officer s Certificate , when used with respect to the Company, means a certificate that is delivered to the Trustee and that is signed on behalf of the Company by an Officer of the Company that meets the requirements of Section 17.05. 
 
 open of business means 9 00 a.m. (New York City time). 
 
 Opinion of Counsel means an opinion in writing signed by legal counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the Company, or other counsel who is acceptable to the Trustee, that is delivered to the Trustee. Each such opinion shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section 17.05. 
 
 Optional Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01. 
 
 outstanding , when used with reference to Notes, shall, subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, mean, as of any particular time, all Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under this Indenture, except 
 (a) Notes theretofore canceled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation 
 9 

(b) Notes, or portions thereof, that have become due and payable and in respect of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent) 
 (c) Notes that have been paid pursuant to Section 2.06 or Notes in lieu of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06 unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by protected purchasers in due course 
 (d) Notes surrendered for purchase in accordance with Article 15 for which Paying Agent holds money sufficient to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, in accordance with Section 15.04(b) 
 (e) Notes converted pursuant to Article 14 and required to be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.08 
 (f) Notes redeemed pursuant to Article 16 and 
 (g) Notes repurchased by the Company pursuant to the last sentence of Section 2.10 after the Company surrenders them to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.08. 
 
 Partial Redemption Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01. Paying Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02. 
 Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, a joint venture, a joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or an agency or a political subdivision thereof. 
 
 Physical Notes means permanent certificated Notes in registered form issued in denominations of 1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. 
 
 Physical Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a). 
 
 Predecessor Note of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 in lieu of or in exchange for a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note that it replaces. 
 10 

Record Date means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of Common Stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of the Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, by statute, by contract or otherwise). 
 
 Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02. Redemption Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02. Redemption Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(v). 
 Redemption Price means, for any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to Section 16.01, 100 of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (unless the Redemption Date falls after a Special Interest Record Date but on or prior to the immediately succeeding Special Interest Payment Date, in which case any Special Interest accrued to the Special Interest Payment Date will be paid by the Company to Holders of record of such Notes as of the close of business on such Special Interest Record Date, and the Redemption Price will be equal to 100 of the principal amount of such Notes). 
 
 Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a). 
 
 Resale Restriction Termination Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 
 
 Responsible Officer means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture or any other officer to whom any corporate trust matter relating to this Indenture is referred because of such person s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. 
 
 Restricted Securities shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). Restrictive Legend shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). Rule 144 means Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 Rule 144A means Rule 144A as promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 
 Scheduled Trading Day means a day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day. 
 11 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Settlement Amount has the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iv). 
 Settlement Method means, with respect to any conversion of Notes, Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement, as elected (or deemed to have been elected) by the Company. 
 
 Settlement Notice has the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iii). Share Exchange Event has the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a). 
 Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company that has the meaning set forth in the definition of significant subsidiary in Article 1, Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any successor rule) provided that, in the case of a Subsidiary of the Company that meets the criteria of clause (3) of the definition thereof but not clause (1) or (2) thereof, in each case as such rule is in effect on the first original issue date of the Notes, such Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be a Significant Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary s income (or loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, exclusive of amounts attributable to any non-controlling interests for the last completed fiscal year prior to the date of such determination exceeds 35,000,000 (with such amount calculated pursuant to Rule 1-02(w) as in effect on the first original issue date of the Notes). For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this definition, to the extent any such Subsidiary would not be deemed to be a significant subsidiary under the relevant definition set forth in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X (or any successor rule) as in effect on the relevant date of determination, such Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be a Significant Subsidiary hereunder irrespective of whether such Subsidiary would otherwise be deemed to be a Significant Subsidiary after giving effect to the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence. 
 
 Special Interest means all amounts, if any, payable pursuant to Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03, as applicable. 
 
 Special Interest Payment Date means, if and to the extent that Special Interest is payable on the Notes, each April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on April 1, 2022. 
 
 Special Interest Record Date , with respect to any Special Interest Payment Date, means the March 15 or September 15 (whether or not such day is a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable April 1 or October 1 Special Interest Payment Date, respectively. 
 
 Specified Dollar Amount means the maximum cash amount per 1,000 principal amount of Notes to be received upon conversion as specified in the Settlement Notice related to any converted Notes. 
 12 

Spin-Off shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). Stock Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c). 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 
 Successor Company shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a). 
 
 Trading Day means a day on which (i) trading in the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) generally occurs on The New York Stock Exchange or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on The New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then listed or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common Stock (or closing sale price for such other security) is available on such securities exchange or market provided that if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day and provided , further , that for purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion only, Trading Day means a day on which (x) there is no Market Disruption Event and (y) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on The New York Stock Exchange or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on The New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading, except that if the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means a Business Day. 
 
 Trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of the Notes on any date of determination means the average of the secondary market bid quotations obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for 5,000,000 principal amount of Notes at approximately 3 30 p.m., New York City time, on such determination date from three independent nationally recognized securities dealers the Company selects for this purpose provided that if three such bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two such bids are obtained, then the average of the two bids shall be used, and if only one such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent, that one bid shall be used. If the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least one bid for 5,000,000 principal amount of Notes from a nationally recognized securities dealer on any determination date, then the Trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes on such determination date shall be deemed to be less than 98 of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. 
 13 

Trading Price Condition shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(i). transfer shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 
 Trigger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. 
 Trustee means the Person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder. 
 
 unit of Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a). Valuation Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person, except that, solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to more than 50 in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed replaced by a reference to 100 . 
 
 Section 1.02 . References to Interest. All references to interest on, or in respect of, any Note in this Indenture shall be deemed to refer solely to Special Interest if, in such context, Special Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03, or to any such interest payable on any Defaulted Amounts as set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

ARTICLE 2 
 Issue, Description, Execution, Registration and Exchange of Notes 
 
 Section 2.01 . Designation and Amount. The Notes shall be designated as the 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is initially limited to 575,000,000, subject to Section 2.10 and except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration or transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes to the extent expressly permitted hereunder. 
 
 Section 2.02 . Form of Notes. The Notes and the Trustee s certificate of authentication to be borne by such Notes shall be substantially in the respective forms set forth in Exhibit A, the terms and provisions of which shall constitute, and are hereby expressly incorporated in and made a part of this Indenture. To the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. In the case of any conflict between this Indenture and a Note, the provisions of this Indenture shall control and govern to the extent of such conflict. 
 
 Any Global Note may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof such legends or recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture as may be 
 14 

required by the Custodian or the Depositary, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Notes may be listed or traded or designated for issuance or to conform with any usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject. 
 
 Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such notations, legends or endorsements as the Officer executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with any law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or to conform to usage or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject. 
 
 Each Global Note shall represent such principal amount of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be increased or reduced to reflect redemptions, repurchases, cancellations, conversions, transfers or exchanges permitted hereby. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in such manner and upon instructions given by the Holder of such Notes in accordance with this Indenture. Payment of principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, a Global Note shall be made to the Holder of such Note on the date of payment, unless a record date or other means of determining Holders eligible to receive payment is provided for herein. 
 
 Section 2.03 . Date and Denomination of Notes No Regular Interest Special Interest and Defaulted Amounts. (a) The Notes shall be issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of 1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof and shall not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the Notes shall not accrete. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. Any accrued Special Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month. 
 
 (b) The Person in whose name any Note (or its Predecessor Note) is registered on the Note Register at the close of business on any Special Interest Record Date with respect to any Special Interest Payment Date shall be entitled to receive any Special Interest payable on such Special Interest Payment Date. The principal amount of any Note (x) in the case of any Physical Note, shall be payable at the office or agency of the Company maintained by the Company for such purposes in the United States, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office and (y) in the case of any Global Note, shall be payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Company shall pay, or cause the Paying 
 15 

Agent to pay, Special Interest, if any, (i) on any Physical Notes (A) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of 
 5,000,000 or less, by check mailed to the Holders of these Notes at their address as it appears in the Note Register and (B) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of more than 5,000,000, either by check mailed to each Holder or, upon application by such a Holder to the Note Registrar not later than the relevant Special Interest Record Date, by wire transfer in immediately available funds to that Holder s account within the United States if such Holder has provided the Trustee or Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) with the requisite information necessary to make such wire transfer, which application shall remain in effect until the Holder notifies, in writing, the Note Registrar to the contrary or (ii) on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. 
 
 (c) Any Defaulted Amounts shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant payment date and shall not accrue interest unless Special Interest was payable with respect to such Defaulted Amounts on the relevant payment date, in which case such Defaulted Amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the then-applicable Special Interest rate from, and including, such relevant payment date, and such Defaulted Amounts together with any such Special Interest thereon shall be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (i) or (ii) below 
 (i) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Amounts to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of the Defaulted Amounts proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment (which shall be not less than 25 days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice, unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date), and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Amounts or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit on or prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Amounts as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment, and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of such special record date and the Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor to be delivered to each Holder at its address as it appears in the Note Register, or by electronic means to the Depositary in the case of Global Notes, not less than 10 days prior to such special record date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor having been so delivered, such Defaulted Amounts shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on such special record date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (ii) of this Section 2.03(c). The Trustee shall have no responsibility whatsoever for the calculation of the Defaulted Amounts. 
 16 

(ii) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Amounts in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such written notice as may be required by such exchange or automated quotation system, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee. 
 
 Section 2.04 . Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes. The Notes shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the Company by the manual or facsimile signature of one of its Officers. 
 
 At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication, together with a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such Notes, and the Trustee in accordance with such Company Order shall authenticate and deliver such Notes, without any further action by the Company hereunder provided that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive an Officer s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel of the Company with respect to the issuance, authentication and delivery of such Notes. 
 
 Only such Notes as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth on the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto, executed manually by an authorized signatory officer of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee as provided by Section 17.10), shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee (or such an authenticating agent) upon any Note executed by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that the Note so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder and that the Holder is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture. 
 
 In case any Officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Notes shall cease to be such Officer before the Notes so signed shall have been authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, such Notes nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered as though the person who signed such Notes had not ceased to be such Officer of the Company and any Note may be signed on behalf of the Company by such persons as, at the actual date of the execution of such Note, shall be the Officers of the Company, although at the date of the execution of this Indenture any such person was not such an Officer. 
 
 Section 2.05 . Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes Restrictions on Transfer Depositary. The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office a register (the register maintained in such office or in any other office or agency of the Company designated pursuant to Section 4.02, the Note Register in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Notes and of transfers of 
 17 

Notes. Such register shall be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable period of time. The Trustee is hereby initially appointed the Note Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of Notes as herein provided. The Company may appoint one or more co-Note Registrars in accordance with Section 4.02. 
 
 Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note to the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such transfer set forth in this Section 2.05, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and bearing such legends as may be required by this Indenture. 
 
 Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at any such office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive, bearing registration numbers not contemporaneously outstanding. 
 
 All Notes presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange, repurchase or conversion shall (if so required by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Note Registrar and duly executed, by the Holder thereof or its attorney-in-fact duly authorized in writing. 
 
 No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent for any exchange or registration of transfer of Notes, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of new Notes issued upon such exchange or registration of transfer being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for exchange or registration of transfer. 
 
 None of the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar shall be required to exchange or register a transfer of (i) any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered for conversion, such portion thereof surrendered for conversion, (ii) any Notes, or a portion of any Note, surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn) in accordance with Article 15 or (iii) any Notes selected for Optional Redemption in accordance with Article 16, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. 
 
 All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with this Indenture shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. 
 
 (a) So long as the Notes are eligible for book-entry settlement with the Depositary, unless otherwise required by law, subject to the fourth paragraph from the end of Section 2.05(c) 
 18 

all Notes shall be represented by one or more Notes in global form (each, a Global Note registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in a Global Note that does not involve the issuance of a Physical Note shall be effected through the Depositary (but not the Trustee or the Custodian) in accordance with this Indenture (including the restrictions on transfer set forth herein) and the Applicable Procedures. 
 
 (b) Every Note that bears or is required under this Section 2.05(c) to bear the legend set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (together with any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes that is required to bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), collectively, the Restricted Securities shall be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (including the legend set forth below), unless such restrictions on transfer shall be eliminated or otherwise waived by written consent of the Company, and the Holder of each such Restricted Security, by such Holder s acceptance thereof, agrees to be bound by all such restrictions on transfer. As used in this Section 2.05(c) and Section 2.05(d), the term transfer encompasses any sale, pledge, transfer or other disposition whatsoever of any Restricted Security. 
 
 Until the date (the Resale Restriction Termination Date that is the later of (1) the date that is one year after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 144 or any successor provision thereto, and (2) such later date, if any, as may be required by applicable law, any certificate evidencing such Note (and all securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof, other than Common Stock, if any, issued upon conversion thereof, which shall bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), if applicable) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (the Restrictive Legend (unless such Notes have been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, with notice thereof to the Trustee) 
 
 THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER 
 (1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 
 (2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. (THE COMPANY THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR 
 19 

TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND 
 (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT 
 (A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 
 (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IS EFFECTIVE AT THE TIME OF SUCH TRANSFER, OR 
 (C) TO A PERSON THAT YOU REASONABLY BELIEVE TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 
 (D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER FOR THE COMPANY TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY OR PERSON THAT HAS BEEN AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY DURING THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THREE MONTHS MAY PURCHASE, OTHERWISE ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 
 
 No transfer of any Note prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date will be registered by the Note Registrar unless the applicable box on the Form of Assignment and Transfer has been checked. 
 
 Any Note (or security issued in exchange or substitution therefor) (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become effective or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of such Note for 
 20 

exchange to the Note Registrar in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.05, be exchanged for a new Note or Notes, of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which shall not bear the Restrictive Legend required by this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned (or deemed assigned) a restricted CUSIP number. The Restrictive Legend set forth above and affixed on any Note will be deemed, in accordance with the terms of the certificate representing such Note, to be removed therefrom upon the Company s delivery to the Trustee of written notice to such effect, without further action by the Company, the Trustee, the Holder(s) thereof or any other Person at such time, such Note will be deemed to be assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number as provided in the certificate representing such Note, it being understood that the Depositary of any Global Note may require a mandatory exchange or other process to cause such Global Note to be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP number in the facilities of such Depositary. Without limiting the generality of any other provision of this Indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive an instruction letter from the Company before taking any action with respect to effecting any such mandatory exchange or other process. The Company and the Trustee reserve the right to require the delivery of such legal opinions, certifications or other evidence as may reasonably be required in order for the Company to determine that any proposed transfer of any Note is being made in compliance with the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. 
 
 The Company shall be entitled to instruct the Custodian in writing to so surrender any Global Note as to which any of the conditions set forth in clause (i) through (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence have been satisfied, and, upon such instruction, the Custodian shall so surrender such Global Note for exchange and any new Global Note so exchanged therefor shall not bear the Restrictive Legend specified in this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned (or deemed assigned) a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing upon the occurrence of the Resale Restriction Termination Date and promptly after a registration statement, if any, with respect to the Notes or any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes has been declared effective under the Securities Act. Any exchange pursuant to the foregoing paragraph shall be in accordance with the Applicable Procedures. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture (other than the provisions set forth in this Section 2.05(c)), a Global Note may not be transferred as a whole or in part except (i) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary and 
 (ii) for exchange of a Global Note or a portion thereof for one or more Physical Notes in accordance with the second immediately succeeding paragraph. 
 
 The Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to act as Depositary with respect to each Global Note. Initially, each Global Note shall be issued to the Depositary, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of the Depositary, and deposited with the Trustee as custodian for Cede & Co. 
 21 

If (i) the Depositary notifies the Company at any time that the Depositary is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for the Global Notes and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days, (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days or (iii) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing and, subject to the Applicable Procedures, a beneficial owner of any Note requests that its beneficial interest therein be issued as a Physical Note, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officer s Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of Notes, shall authenticate and deliver (x) in the case of clause (iii), a Physical Note to such beneficial owner in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Note corresponding to such beneficial owner s beneficial interest and (y) in the case of clause (i) or (ii), Physical Notes to each beneficial owner of the related Global Notes (or a portion thereof) in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Global Notes in exchange for such Global Notes, and upon delivery of the Global Notes to the Trustee such Global Notes shall be canceled. 
 
 Physical Notes issued in exchange for all or a part of the Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, or, in the case of clause (iii) of the immediately preceding paragraph, the relevant beneficial owner, shall instruct the Trustee. Upon execution and authentication, the Trustee shall deliver such Physical Notes to the Persons in whose names such Physical Notes are so registered. 
 
 At such time as all interests in a Global Note have been converted, canceled, repurchased, redeemed or transferred, such Global Note shall be, upon receipt thereof, canceled by the Trustee in accordance with standing procedures and existing instructions between the Depositary and the Custodian. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any interest in a Global Note is exchanged for Physical Notes, converted, canceled, repurchased, redeemed or transferred to a transferee who receives Physical Notes therefor or any Physical Note is exchanged or transferred for part of such Global Note, the principal amount of such Global Note shall, in accordance with the standing procedures and instructions existing between the Depositary and the Custodian, be appropriately reduced or increased, as the case may be, and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note, by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, to reflect such reduction or increase. 
 
 In connection with any proposed transfer involving Physical Notes, or any exchange of Global Notes for Physical Notes, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide or cause to be provided to the Trustee all information reasonably requested by the Trustee from the Company that is both reasonably available to the Company and necessary, as reasonably determined by the Trustee, to allow the Trustee to comply with any applicable cost basis reporting obligation under Internal Revenue Code Section 6045. The Trustee may rely on information provided to it by Holders and the Company and shall have no responsibility to verify or ensure the accuracy of such information. 
 22 

None of the Company, the Trustee (including in its capacity as Paying Agent) or any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for the payment of amounts to owners of beneficial interest in a Global Note, for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Note or maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
 
 Neither the Company nor the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any act or omission of the Depositary. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders in respect of the Notes shall be given or made only to, or upon the order of, the registered Holder(s) (which shall be the Depositary or its nominee in the case of a Global Note). 
 
 The rights of beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through the Depositary subject to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary. The Trustee may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Depositary with respect to its members, participants and any beneficial owners. 
 
 (c) Until the Resale Restriction Termination Date, any stock certificate representing Common Stock issued upon conversion of a Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (unless such Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or such Common Stock has been issued upon conversion of a Note that has transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company with written notice thereof to the Trustee and any transfer agent for the Common Stock) 
 
 THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER 
 (1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 
 (2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. (THE COMPANY THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST 
 23 

ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE SERIES OF NOTES UPON THE CONVERSION OF WHICH THIS SECURITY WAS ISSUED OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT 
 (A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 
 (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IS EFFECTIVE AT THE TIME OF SUCH TRANSFER, OR 
 (C) TO A PERSON THAT YOU REASONABLY BELIEVE TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 
 (D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE COMPANY S COMMON STOCK RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 Any such Common Stock (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of the certificates representing such shares of Common Stock for exchange in accordance with the procedures of the transfer agent for the Common Stock, be exchanged for a new certificate or certificates for a like aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, which shall not bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(d). 
 
 (d) Any Note that is owned by any Affiliate of the Company (or any Person who was an Affiliate of the Company at any time during the three months immediately preceding) may not be resold by such Affiliate (or such Person, as the case may be) unless registered under the Securities Act or resold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in a transaction that results in such Note no longer being a restricted security (as defined under Rule 144). The Company shall cause any Note that is repurchased or owned by it to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.08. 
 24 

(e) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Trustee nor the Note Registrar shall be responsible for ascertaining whether any transfer complies with the registration provisions of, or exemptions from, the Securities Act, applicable state securities laws or other applicable law. 
 
 (f) Neither the Trustee nor any agent shall have any responsibility or liability for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary, and may assume performance absent written notice to the contrary. 
 
 Section 2.06 . Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. In case any Note shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company in its discretion may execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Note, bearing a registration number not contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated Note, or in lieu of and in substitution for the Note so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substituted Note shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless from any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof. 
 
 The Trustee or such authenticating agent may authenticate any such substituted Note and deliver the same upon the receipt of such security or indemnity as the Trustee, the Company and, if applicable, such authenticating agent may require. No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent upon the issuance of any substitute Note, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new substitute Note being different from the name of the Holder of the old Note that became mutilated or was destroyed, lost or stolen. In case any Note that has matured or is about to mature or has been surrendered for required repurchase or is about to be converted in accordance with Article 14 shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company may, in its sole discretion, instead of issuing a substitute Note, pay or authorize the payment of or convert or authorize the conversion of the same (without surrender thereof except in the case of a mutilated Note), as the case may be, if the applicant for such payment or conversion shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless for any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence satisfactory to the Company, the Trustee and, if applicable, any Paying Agent or Conversion Agent evidence of their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof. 
 25 

Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.06 by virtue of the fact that any Note is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of (but shall be subject to all the limitations set forth in) this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. To the extent permitted by law, all Notes shall be held and owned upon the express condition that the foregoing provisions are exclusive with respect to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and shall preclude any and all other rights or remedies notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender. 
 
 Section 2.07 . Temporary Notes. Pending the preparation of Physical Notes, the Company may execute and the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a Company Order, authenticate and deliver temporary Notes (printed or lithographed). Temporary Notes shall be issuable in any authorized denomination, and substantially in the form of the Physical Notes but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary Notes, all as may be determined by the Company. Every such temporary Note shall be executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee or such authenticating agent upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the Physical Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Trustee or such authenticating agent Physical Notes (other than any Global Note) and thereupon any or all temporary Notes (other than any Global Note) may be surrendered in exchange therefor, at each office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02 and the Trustee or such authenticating agent shall authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Notes an equal aggregate principal amount of Physical Notes. Such exchange shall be made by the Company at its own expense and without any charge therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this Indenture as Physical Notes authenticated and delivered hereunder. 
 
 Section 2.08 . Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. The Company shall cause all Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment at maturity, repurchase upon a fundamental change, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion, if surrendered to any Person that the Company controls, to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation and they will no longer be considered outstanding under this Indenture upon their payment at maturity, repurchase upon a fundamental change, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion. All Notes delivered to the Trustee shall be canceled by it in accordance with its customary procedures. Except for any Notes surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, or as otherwise expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Indenture, no Notes shall be authenticated in exchange for any Notes surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation. The Trustee shall dispose of canceled Notes in accordance with its customary procedures. After such cancellation, the Trustee shall deliver a certificate of such cancellation to the Company, at the Company s written request in a Company Order. 
 26 

Section 2.09 . CUSIP Numbers. The Company in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in all notices issued to Holders as a convenience to such Holders provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or on such notice and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers. 
 
 Section 2.10 . Additional Notes Repurchases. The Company may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Holders and notwithstanding 
 Section 2.01, issue additional Notes hereunder with the same terms as the Notes initially issued hereunder (other than differences in the issue date, the issue price and Special Interest, if any, accrued prior to the issue date of such additional Notes) in an unlimited aggregate principal amount provided that if any such additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax or securities law purposes, such additional Notes shall have a separate CUSIP number. Prior to the issuance of any such additional Notes, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee a Company Order, an Officer s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, such Officer s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to cover such matters, in addition to those required by Section 17.05, as the Trustee shall reasonably request. In addition, the Company may, to the extent permitted by law and without the consent of Holders, and directly or indirectly (regardless of whether such Notes are surrendered to the Company), repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, whether by the Company or its Subsidiaries or through a private or public tender or exchange offer or through counterparties to private agreements, including by cash-settled swaps or other derivatives. The Company may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, reissue, resell or surrender to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.08 any Notes that the Company or its Subsidiaries may repurchase, in the case of a reissuance or resale, so long as such Notes do not constitute restricted securities (as defined under Rule 144) upon such reissuance or resale. Any Notes that the Company or its Subsidiaries may repurchase shall be considered outstanding for all purposes under this Indenture unless and until such time the Company surrenders them to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.08 and, upon receipt of a written order from the Company, the Trustee shall cancel all Notes so surrendered. 

ARTICLE 3 Satisfaction and Discharge 
 
 Section 3.01 . Satisfaction and Discharge. This Indenture and the Notes shall upon request of the Company contained in an Officer s Certificate cease to be of further effect, and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute such instruments reasonably requested by the Company acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Notes, when (i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced, paid or converted as provided in Section 2.06) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation or (ii) after the Notes have (x) become due and payable, whether on the Maturity Date, on any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, any Redemption Date or otherwise and or (y) been converted (and the related consideration due upon conversion has been determined), the Company has irrevocably deposited with the Trustee 
 27 

cash sufficient to pay all of the outstanding Notes and all other sums due and payable under this Indenture by the Company and the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officer s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.06 shall survive. 

ARTICLE 4 
 Particular Covenants of the Company 
 
 Section 4.01 . Payment of Principal and Special Interest. The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be paid the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, the Settlement Amounts owed upon conversion on, and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, each of the Notes at the places, at the respective times and in the manner provided herein and in the Notes. 
 
 Section 4.02 . Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Company will maintain in the United States an office or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase Paying Agent or for conversion Conversion Agent and where notices in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be made. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made at the Corporate Trust Office. 
 
 The Company may also from time to time designate a Paying Agent one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the United States for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. The terms Paying Agent and Conversion Agent include any such additional or other offices or agencies, as applicable. 
 
 The Company hereby initially designates the Trustee as the Paying Agent, Note Registrar, Custodian and Conversion Agent and the Corporate Trust Office as a place where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase (if applicable) or for conversion and where notices in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be made, provided that the Corporate Trust Office shall not be a place for service of legal process on the Company. 
 
 Section 4.03 . Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustee s Office. The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of Trustee, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section 7.09, a Trustee, so that there shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder. 
 28 

Section 4.04 . Provisions as to Paying Agent. If the Company shall appoint a Paying Agent other than the Trustee, the Company will cause such Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.04 
 (i) that it will hold all sums held by it as such agent for the payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes 
 (ii) that it will give the Trustee prompt notice of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, the Notes when the same shall be due and payable and 
 (iii) that at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon request of the Trustee, it will forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so held in trust 
 
 provided , that a Paying Agent appointed as contemplated under Section 15.02(f) shall not be required to deliver any such instrument. 
 
 The Company shall, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, or any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, the Notes, deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) or any accrued and unpaid Special Interest, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action provided that if such deposit is made on the due date, such deposit must be received by the Paying Agent by 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on such date. 
 
 (b) If the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, the Notes, set aside, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest so becoming due and will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action and of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, or any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, the Notes when the same shall become due and payable. 
 
 (c) Anything in this Section 4.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may, at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, or for any other reason, pay, cause to be paid or deliver to the Trustee all sums or amounts held in trust by the Company or any Paying Agent hereunder as required by this Section 4.04, such sums or amounts to be held by the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained and upon such payment or 
 29 

delivery by the Company or any Paying Agent to the Trustee, the Company or such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability but only with respect to such sums or amounts. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i), the Trustee shall automatically become the Paying Agent. 
 
 (d) Subject to applicable law, any money or property deposited with the Trustee, the Conversion Agent or any Paying Agent, or any money and shares of Common Stock then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on and the consideration due upon conversion of any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable), interest or consideration due upon conversion has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on request of the Company contained in an Officer s Certificate, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust and the Trustee shall have no further liability with respect to such funds or property and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee, the Conversion Agent or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee with respect to such trust money and shares of Common Stock, shall thereupon cease 
 
 Section 4.05 . Existence. Subject to Article 11, the Company shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence. 
 
 Section 4.06 . Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports. At any time the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company shall, so long as any of the Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall, at such time, constitute restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, promptly provide to the Trustee and, upon written request, any Holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Notes, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares of Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144A. 
 
 (a) The Company shall file with the Trustee, within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the Commission, copies of any documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall in no event be required to file with, or otherwise provide or disclose to, the Trustee or any Holder any information for which the Company is requesting (assuming such request has not been denied), or has received, confidential treatment from the Commission, or any correspondence with the Commission. Any such document or report that the Company files with the Commission via the Commission s EDGAR system (or any successor thereto) shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee for purposes of this Section 4.06(b) at the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system (or any successor thereto), it being understood that the Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether such filings have been made. 
 30 

(b) Delivery of the reports, information, and other documents described in subsection (b) above to the Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the Trustee s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein or determinable therefrom, including the Company s compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to conclusively rely on an Officer s Certificate). 
 
 (c) If, at any time during the six-month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six months after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, the Company fails to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods provided by Rule 12b-25 or any successor rule under the Exchange Act and other than reports on Form 8-K), or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Company s Affiliates or Holders that were the Company s Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding (as a result of restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes), the Company shall pay Special Interest on the Notes. Such Special Interest shall accrue on the Notes at the rate of 0.50 per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during such period for which the Company s failure to file has occurred and is continuing or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Company s Affiliates (or Holders that were the Company s Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding). As used in this Section 4.06(d), documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act does not include documents or reports that the Company furnishes to the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (d) If, and for so long as, the Restrictive Legend on the Notes specified in Section 2.05(c) has not been removed, the Notes are assigned a restricted CUSIP or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Company s Affiliates or Holders that were the Company s Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding (without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes) as of the 380th day after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, the Company shall pay Special Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to 0.50 per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding until the Restrictive Legend on the Notes has been removed in accordance with Section 2.05(c), the Notes are assigned an unrestricted CUSIP and the Notes are freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Company s Affiliates (or Holders that were the Company s Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding) without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes. The Restrictive Legend on the Notes shall be deemed removed pursuant to the terms of this Indenture as provided in Section 2.05(c), and, at such time, the Notes will, pursuant to, and subject to the provisions of, such Section, be deemed assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number. However, for the avoidance of doubt, Global Notes will continue to bear Special Interest 
 31 

pursuant to this paragraph until such time as they are identified by an unrestricted CUSIP in the facilities of the Depositary therefor, as a result of completion of such Depositary s mandatory exchange process or otherwise. 
 
 (e) Special Interest will be payable in arrears on each Special Interest Payment Date following accrual on the Notes. 
 
 (f) The Special Interest that is payable in accordance with Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e) shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any Special Interest that may be payable as a result of the Company s election pursuant to Section 6.03. However, in no event shall any Special Interest that may accrue as a result of the Company s failure to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Commission pursuant to 
 Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than reports on Form 8-K), as described in Section 4.06(d), together with any Special Interest payable at the Company s election as the remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Company s failure to comply with its reporting obligations as set forth Section 4.06(b), accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50 per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Special Interest. 
 
 (g) If Special Interest is payable by the Company pursuant to Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e), the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officer s Certificate to that effect stating (i) the amount of such Special Interest that is payable and (ii) the date on which such Special Interest is payable. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives at the Corporate Trust Office such a certificate, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that no such Special Interest is payable and the Trustee shall not have any duty to verify the Company s calculation of Special Interest. If the Company has paid Special Interest directly to the Persons entitled to it, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officer s Certificate setting forth the particulars of such payment. 
 
 Section 4.07 . Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law that would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or any Special Interest on the Notes as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 
 
 Section 4.08 . Compliance Certificate Statements as to Defaults. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (beginning with the fiscal year ending on June 30, 2022) an Officer s Certificate stating whether the signers thereof have knowledge of any failure by the Company to comply with all conditions and covenants then required to be performed under this Indenture and, if so, specifying each such failure and the nature thereof. 
 32 

In addition, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 30 days after an officer of the Company becomes aware of the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default, an Officer s Certificate setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default, its status and the action that the Company is taking or proposing to take in respect thereof provided that the Company is not required to deliver such notice if such Event of Default or Default has been cured. 
 
 Section 4.09 . Further Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Trustee, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, the Company will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Indenture. 

ARTICLE 5 
 Lists of Holders and Reports by the Company and the Trustee 
 
 Section 5.01 . Lists of Holders. The Company covenants and agrees that it will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee, semi-annually, no later than March 15 and September 15 in each year beginning with March 15, 2022, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 15 days after receipt by the Company of any such request (or such lesser time as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to enable it to timely provide any notice to be provided by it hereunder), a list in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders as of a date not more than 15 days (or such other date as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to so provide any such notices) prior to the time such information is furnished, except that no such list need be furnished so long as the Trustee is acting as Note Registrar. 
 
 Section 5.02 . Preservation and Disclosure of Lists. The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, all information as to the names and addresses of the Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 or maintained by the Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar, if so acting. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished. 

ARTICLE 6 
 Defaults and Remedies 
 
 Section 6.01 . Events of Default. Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default with respect to the Notes 
 
 (a) default in any payment of Special Interest on any Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days 
 33 

(b) default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable on the Maturity Date, upon Optional Redemption, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise 
 
 (c) failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with this Indenture upon exercise of a Holder s conversion right, and such failure continues for three Business Days 
 
 (d) failure by the Company to issue (i) a Fundamental Change Company Notice in accordance with Section 15.02(c) when due, and such failure continues for three Business Days, or (ii) notice of a specified corporate event in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(ii) or 14.01(b)(iii) when due, and such failure continues for two Business Days 
 
 (e) failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under Article 11 
 
 (f) failure by the Company for 60 days after written notice to the Company from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been received by the Company to comply with any of its other agreements contained in the Notes or this Indenture 
 
 (g) default by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness (other than Non-Recourse Indebtedness) for money borrowed in excess of 85,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and or any such Significant Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal of any such debt when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, in each case, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, if such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived, or such indebtedness shall not have been paid or discharged, as the case may be, within 30 days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding in accordance with this Indenture 
 
 (h) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall publicly admit in writing that it generally is not paying, or is unable to pay, its debts as they become due or 
 34 

(i) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days. 
 
 Section 6.02. Acceleration Rescission and Annulment . If one or more Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body), then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) with respect to the Company), unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have already become due and payable, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, by notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), may declare 100 of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable, anything contained in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) with respect to the Company occurs and is continuing, 100 of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, on, all Notes shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable without any act or declaration on the part of the trustee or any holder. 
 
 The immediately preceding paragraph, however, is subject to the conditions that if, at any time after the principal of the Notes shall have been so declared due and payable, and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, the Company shall pay or shall deposit with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay installments of accrued and unpaid Special Interest upon all Notes and the principal of any and all Notes that shall have become due otherwise than by acceleration (with interest on overdue installments of any accrued and unpaid Special Interest to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law, and on such principal at the rate borne by the Notes at such time) and amounts due to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.06, and if (1) rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) any and all existing Events of Default under this Indenture, other than the nonpayment of the principal of and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, on Notes that shall have become due solely by such acceleration, shall have been cured or waived pursuant to Section 6.09, then and in every such case (except as provided in the immediately succeeding sentence) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all Defaults or Events of Default with respect to the Notes (except with respect to any continuing defaults relating to nonpayment of principal or any Special Interest or with respect to the failure to deliver the consideration due upon conversion) and rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences and such Default shall cease to 
 35 

exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent thereon. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any Default or Event of Default resulting from (i) the nonpayment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, or any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, any Notes, (ii) a failure to repurchase any Notes when required or (iii) a failure to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes. 
 
 Section 6.03. Special Interest . Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary, to the extent the Company elects, the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Company s failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) shall after the occurrence of such an Event of Default consist exclusively of the right to receive Special Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to (i) 0.25 per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during the period beginning on, and including, the date on which such Event of Default first occurs and ending on the earlier of (x) the date on which such Event of Default is cured or validly waived in accordance with this Article 6 and (y) the 180th day immediately following, and including, the date on which such Event of Default first occurs and (ii) if such Event of Default has not been cured or validly waived prior to the 181st day immediately following, and including, the date on which such Event of Default first occurs, 0.50 per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding for each day during the period beginning on, and including, the 181st day immediately following, and including, the date on which such Event of Default first occurs and ending on the earlier of (x) the date on which the Event of Default is cured or validly waived in accordance with this Article 6 and (y) the 360th day immediately following, and including, the date on which such Event of Default first occurs. Special Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, any Special Interest payable pursuant to 
 Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e), subject to the second immediately succeeding paragraph. If the Company so elects, such Special Interest shall be payable as set forth in Section 2.03(b)and shall accrue on all outstanding Notes from, and including, the date on which the Event of Default relating to the Company s failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) first occurs to, and including, the 360th day thereafter (or such earlier date on which such Event of Default is cured or validly waived in accordance with this Article 6). On the 361st day after such Event of Default (if the Event of Default relating to the Company s failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) is not cured or validly waived in accordance with this Article 6 prior to such 361st day), such Special Interest shall cease to accrue and the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. The provisions of this paragraph will not affect the rights of Holders of Notes in the event of the occurrence of any Event of Default other than the Company s failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b). In the event the Company does not elect to pay Special Interest following an Event of Default in accordance with this Section 6.03 or the Company has elected to make such payment but does not pay the Special Interest when due, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. 
 36 

In order to elect to pay Special Interest as the sole remedy during the first 360 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Company must notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Paying Agent in an Officer s Certificate (consistent with Section 4.06(h)) of such election on or before the open of business on the business day immediately succeeding the date on which such Event of Default first occurs. Upon the failure to timely give such notice, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in 
 Section 6.02. 
 
 In no event shall Special Interest payable at the Company s election as the remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Company s failure to comply with its reporting obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b), together with any Special Interest that may accrue as a result of the Company s failure to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods provided by Rule 12b-25 or any successor rule under the Exchange Act and other than reports on Form 8-K), pursuant to Section 4.06(d), accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50 per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Special Interest. The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the calculation of Special Interest. 
 
 Section 6.04 . Payments of Notes on Default Suit Therefor. If an Event of Default described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.01 shall have occurred, the Company shall, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal and Special Interest, if any, with no interest accruing on any overdue principal unless Special Interest was payable on the required payment date, in which case such payments will accrue interest at the then-applicable Special Interest rate from such required payment date and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06. If the Company shall fail to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, wherever situated. 
 
 In the event there shall be pending proceedings for the bankruptcy or for the reorganization of the Company or any other obligor on the Notes under Title 11 of the United States Code, or any other applicable law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Company, the property of the Company, or in the event of any other judicial proceedings relative to the Company, or to the creditors or property of the Company, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.04, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise, to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, in respect 
 37 

of the Notes, and, in case of any judicial proceedings, to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents and to take such other actions as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceedings relative to the Company, its creditors, or its property, and to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute the same after the deduction of any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06 and any receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, custodian or similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders to make such payments to the Trustee, as administrative expenses, and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements, including agents and counsel fees, and including any other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06, incurred by it up to the date of such distribution. To the extent that such payment of reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements out of the estate in any such proceedings shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, monies, securities and other property that the Holders of the Notes may be entitled to receive in such proceedings, whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. 
 
 Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting such Holder or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 
 
 All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes, or the production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and any such suit or proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes. 
 
 In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of the Notes parties to any such proceedings. 
 
 In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned because of any waiver pursuant to Section 6.09 or any rescission and annulment pursuant to Section 6.02 or for any other reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored respectively to their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. 
 38 

Section 6.05 . Application of Monies Collected by Trustee. Any monies or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article 6 with respect to the Notes shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee for the distribution of such monies or property, upon presentation of the several Notes, and stamping thereon the payment, if only partially paid, and upon surrender thereof, if fully paid 
 
 First , to the payment of all amounts due the Trustee (in each of its capacities under this Indenture), including its agent and counsel, under Section 7.06 
 
 Second , in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall not have become due and be unpaid, to the payment of any interest on, and any cash due upon conversion of, the Notes in default in the order of the date due of the payments of such interest and cash due upon conversion, as the case may be, with interest (to the extent that any interest is payable on such Notes and has been collected by the Trustee) payable upon such overdue amounts at the rate of Special Interest then payable on such Notes, if any, such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto 
 
 Third , in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid to the payment of the whole amount (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, the Redemption Price and any cash due upon conversion) then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest on the overdue principal and, to the extent that any interest is payable on such Notes and has been collected by the Trustee, upon overdue installments of interest at the rate of Special Interest then payable on such Notes, if any, and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amounts so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then to the payment of such principal (including, if applicable, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, the Redemption Price and any cash due upon conversion) and interest without preference or priority of principal over interest, or of interest over principal or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Note over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate of such principal (including, if applicable, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, the Redemption Price and any cash due upon conversion) and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest and 
 
 Fourth , to the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company. 
 
 Section 6.06 . Proceedings by Holders. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal (including, if applicable, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price) or Special Interest, if any, when due, or the right to receive payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, no Holder of any Note shall have any right by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless 
 
 (a) such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as herein provided 
 39 

(b) Holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder 
 
 (c) such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee such security or indemnity satisfactory to Trustee against any loss, cost, liability or expense to be incurred therein or thereby 
 
 (d) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of such security or indemnity, shall have neglected or refused to institute any such action, suit or proceeding and 
 
 (e) no direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding within such 60-day period pursuant to Section 6.09, 
 
 it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Note with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee that no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder, or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders (except as otherwise provided herein). For the protection and enforcement of this Section 6.06, each and every Holder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture and any provision of any Note, each Holder shall have the contractual right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, such Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in such Note or in this Indenture, and the contractual right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be, on or after such respective dates, shall not be amended without the consent of each Holder. 
 
 Section 6.07 . Proceedings by Trustee. In case of an Event of Default, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as are necessary to protect and enforce any of such rights, either by suit in equity or by action at law or by proceeding in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Indenture, or to enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law. 
 40 

Section 6.08 . Remedies Cumulative and Continuing. Except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 2.06, all powers and remedies given by this Article 6 to the Trustee or to the Holders shall, to the extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any thereof or of any other powers and remedies available to the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the performance or observance of the covenants and agreements contained in this Indenture, and no delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any of the Notes to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default or Event of Default or any acquiescence therein and, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06, every power and remedy given by this Article 6 or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders. 
 
 Section 6.09 . Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders. Subject to the Trustee s right to receive security or indemnity from the relevant Holders as described herein, the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to the Notes provided , however , that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and (b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction. The Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that it determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability or that conflicts with applicable law or this Indenture. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes (x) waive any past Default or Event of Default hereunder and its consequences except a default in the payment of accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, on, or the principal (including any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price, if applicable) of, the Notes when due that has not been cured pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, a failure by the Company to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or a default in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article 10 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected and (y) rescind any resulting acceleration of the Notes and its consequences if (i) such rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (ii) all existing Events of Default (other than nonpayment of the principal of, and any Special Interest on, the Notes that have become due solely by such acceleration) have been cured or waived. 
 Upon any such waiver the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Whenever any Default or Event of Default hereunder shall have been waived as permitted by this Section 6.09, said Default or Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes and this Indenture be deemed to have been cured and to be not continuing but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 
 41 

Section 6.10 . Notice of Defaults. The Trustee shall, after the occurrence and continuance of a Default of which a Responsible Officer has actual knowledge, deliver to all Holders notice of such Default within 90 days after such Responsible Officer obtains such knowledge, unless such Defaults shall have been cured or waived before the giving of such notice provided that, except in the case of a Default in the payment of the principal of (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable), or any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, any of the Notes or a Default in the payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as a Responsible Officer of the Trustee in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the Holders. 
 
 Section 6.11 . Undertaking to Pay Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by its acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its discretion, require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant provided that the provisions of this 
 Section 6.11 (to the extent permitted by law) shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10 in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, on any Note (including, but not limited to, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) on or after the due date expressed or provided for in such Note or to any suit for the enforcement of the right to convert any Note, or receive the consideration due upon conversion, in accordance with the provisions of Article 14. 

ARTICLE 7 Concerning the Trustee 
 
 Section 7.01 . Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee. The Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has written notice or actual knowledge and after the curing or waiver of all Events of Default that may have occurred, undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has written notice or actual knowledge, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person s own affairs provided that the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered and provided to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to Trustee against any loss, cost, liability or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. 
 42 

No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that 
 
 (a) prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has written notice or actual knowledge and after the curing or waiving of all Events of Default that may have occurred 
 (i) the duties and obligations of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee and 
 (ii) in the absence of bad faith and willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture but, in the case of any such certificates or opinions that by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of any mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein) 
 
 (b) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts 
 
 (c) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined as provided in Section 8.04 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture 
 
 (d) whether or not therein provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 
 
 (e) the Trustee shall not be liable in respect of any payment (as to the correctness of amount, entitlement to receive or any other matters relating to payment) or notice effected by the Company or any Paying Agent (except in its capacity as Paying Agent pursuant to the terms of this Indenture) or any records maintained by any co-Note Registrar with respect to the Notes 
 
 (f) if any party fails to deliver a notice relating to an event the fact of which, pursuant to this Indenture, requires notice to be sent to the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely on its failure to receive such notice as reason to act as if no such event occurred, unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee had actual knowledge of such event 
 43 

(g) in the absence of written investment direction from the Company, all cash received by the Trustee shall be placed in a non-interest bearing trust account, and in no event shall the Trustee be liable for the selection of investments or for investment losses incurred thereon or for losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any such investment prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investments prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investment to provide timely written investment direction, and the Trustee shall have no obligation to invest or reinvest any amounts held hereunder in the absence of such written investment direction from the Company 
 
 (h) under no circumstances shall the Trustee be liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Notes and 
 
 (i) in the event that the Trustee is also acting as Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent, Authenticating Agent or transfer agent hereunder, the rights, protections and immunities afforded to the Trustee pursuant to this Article 7 shall also be afforded to such Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent, Authenticating Agent or transfer agent. 
 
 The Trustee (including in its capacities as Conversion Agent, Paying Agent or registrar) shall have no responsibility to determine if a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change has occurred. The Trustee (including in its capacities as Conversion Agent, Paying Agent or registrar) shall have no responsibility for any act or omission of any financial institution the Company designates pursuant to any Exchange Election. 
 
 None of the provisions contained in this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur personal financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers. 
 
 Section 7.02 . Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01 
 (a) The Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, note, coupon or other paper or document (whether in original or facsimile form) believed by it in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. 
 
 (b) Any request, direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Officer s Certificate (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) and any Board Resolution may be evidenced to the Trustee by a copy thereof certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company. Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officer s Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officer s Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. 
 44 

(c) The Trustee may consult with counsel and require an Opinion of Counsel and any written or verbal advice of such counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance on such advice or Opinion of Counsel. 
 
 (d) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled, at a reasonable time on any Business Day after reasonable notice, to examine the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the expense of the Company and shall incur no liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation. 
 
 (e) The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, custodians, nominees or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent, custodian, nominee or attorney appointed by it with due care hereunder, and the permissive rights of the Trustee enumerated herein shall not be construed as duties. 
 
 (f) The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of the trusts and powers under this Indenture. 
 
 (g) The Trustee may request that the Company deliver an Officer s Certificate setting forth the names of individuals and or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officer s Certificate may be signed by any Person authorized to sign an Officer s Certificate, including any Person specified as so authorized in any such certificate previously delivered and not superseded. 
 
 (h) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default (except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of scheduled principal of, premium, if any, or Special Interest, if any, on, any Note) unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a Default or Event of Default (and stating the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default) is received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture. 
 
 (i) The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it reasonably believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers. 
 
 (j) The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any action taken or omitted by it in good faith at the direction of the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Notes as to the time, method and place of conducting any proceedings for any remedy available to the Trustee or the exercising of any power conferred by this Indenture. 
 45 

(k) Neither the Trustee nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates shall be responsible for nor have any duty to monitor the performance or any action of the Company, or any of their respective directors, members, officers, agents, affiliates or employee, nor shall it have any liability in connection with the malfeasance or nonfeasance by such party. The Trustee shall not be responsible for any inaccuracy in the information obtained from the Company or for any inaccuracy or omission in the records which may result from such information or any failure by the Trustee to perform its duties as set forth herein as a result of any inaccuracy or incompleteness. 
 
 (l) In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. The Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes, unless either (1) a Responsible Officer shall have actual knowledge of such Default or Event of Default or (2) written notice of such Default or Event of Default shall have been given to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee by the Company or by any Holder of the Notes at the Corporate Trust Office and such notice references the Notes and or this Indenture. 
 
 (m) Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall have any responsibility or liability for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary. 
 
 Section 7.03 . No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes (except in the Trustee s certificate of authentication) shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity, sufficiency or enforceability of this Indenture or of the Notes or the Offering Memorandum or any other documents used in connection with the sale or distribution of the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of any Notes or the proceeds of any Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture or any money paid to the Company or upon the Company s direction under any provision of the Indenture. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability with respect to any information, statement or recital in the Offering Memorandum or other disclosure material prepared or distributed with respect to the issuance of the Notes. The Trustee shall not be bound to ascertain or inquire as to the performance, observance or breach of any covenants, conditions, representations, warranties or agreements on the part of the Company. The Trustee shall have no obligation to pursue any action that is not in accordance with applicable law. The Trustee shall have no obligation to independently determine or verify if any Change of Control, Change of Control Repurchase Event, or any other event has occurred or if a Change of Control Offer is required to be made, or notify the Holders of any such event. 
 46 

Section 7.04. Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes. The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar (in each case, if other than an Affiliate of the Company), in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar. 
 
 Section 7.05 . Monies to Be Held in Trust. All monies received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received. Money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as may be agreed from time to time by the Company and the Trustee. The Trustee shall not be obligated to take possession of any shares of Common Stock, whether upon conversion or in connection with any discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Article 3 hereof, but shall satisfy its obligation as Conversion Agent by working through the stock transfer agent of the Company from time to time as directed by the Company. 
 
 Section 7.06 . Compensation and Expenses of Trustee. The Company covenants and agrees to pay to the Trustee, in any capacity under this Indenture from time to time, and the Trustee shall be entitled to, compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder in any capacity (which shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust) as mutually agreed to in writing between the Trustee and the Company, and the Company will pay or reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances reasonably incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any of the provisions of this Indenture in any capacity thereunder (including the compensation and the reasonable expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and of all Persons not regularly in its employ) except any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall have been caused by the Trustee s own gross negligence or willful misconduct as adjudicated by a final 
 non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction The Company also covenants to indemnify the Trustee in any capacity under this Indenture and any other document or transaction entered into in connection herewith and its and its officers, directors, attorneys, employees and agents and any authenticating agent for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim (whether asserted by the Company, a Holder of any Person), damage, liability, cost or expense (including attorneys fees and expenses and court costs) incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct as adjudicated by a final non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction on the part of the Trustee, its officers, directors, agents or employees, or such agent or authenticating agent, as the case may be, and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture or in any other capacity hereunder (whether such claims arise by or against the Company or a third person), including the reasonable costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim of liability in the premises or enforcing the Company s obligations hereunder. The obligations of the Company under this Section 7.06 to compensate or indemnify the Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall be secured by a senior lien to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except, subject to the effect of Section 6.05, funds held in trust herewith for the benefit of the Holders of particular 
 47 

Notes. The Trustee s right to receive payment of any amounts due under this Section 7.06 shall not be subordinate to any other liability or indebtedness of the Company. The obligation of the Company under this Section 7.06 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The indemnification provided in this Section 7.06 shall extend to the officers, directors, agents and employees of the Trustee. 
 
 Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under applicable law, when the Trustee and its agents and any authenticating agent incur expenses or render services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws. 
 
 Section 7.07 . Officer s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel as Evidence. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01, whenever in the administration of the provisions of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or omitting any action hereunder, such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, subject to Section 7.02(a) of this Indenture, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an Officer s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel delivered to the Trustee, and such Officer s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, subject to Section 7.02(a) of this Indenture, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it under the provisions of this Indenture upon the faith thereof. 
 
 Section 7.08 . Eligibility of Trustee. There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder which shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act (as if the Trust Indenture Act were applicable hereto) to act as such and has a combined capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000. If such Person publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of any supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article. 
 
 Section 7.09 . Resignation or Removal of Trustee. The Trustee may at any time resign by giving written notice of such resignation to the Company. 
 Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Company shall promptly notify all Holders and appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor trustee. If no successor trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 60 days after the giving of such notice of resignation to the Holders, the resigning Trustee may, upon ten Business Days notice to the Company and the Holders and at the expense of the Company, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, on behalf of himself or 
 48 

herself and all others similarly situated, petition any such court for the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor trustee. 
 
 (a) In case at any time any of the following shall occur 
 (i) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.08 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or 
 (ii) the Trustee shall become incapable of acting, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, 
 
 then, in either case, the Company may by a Board Resolution remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor trustee, or, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction at the expense of the Company for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee. 
 
 (b) The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 8.04, may at any time remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee that shall be deemed appointed as successor trustee unless within ten days after notice to the Company of such nomination the Company objects thereto, in which case the Trustee so removed or any Holder, upon the terms and conditions and otherwise as in Section 7.09(a) provided, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for an appointment of a successor trustee. 
 
 (c) Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 7.09 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee as provided in Section 7.10. 
 
 Section 7.10 . Acceptance by Successor Trustee. Any successor trustee appointed as provided in Section 7.09 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to its predecessor trustee an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor trustee shall become effective and such successor trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Trustee herein but, nevertheless, on the written request of the Company or of the successor trustee, the trustee ceasing to act shall, upon payment of any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such 
 49 

successor trustee all the rights and powers of the trustee so ceasing to act. Upon request of any such successor trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor trustee all such rights and powers. Any trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain a senior lien to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by such trustee as such, except for funds held in trust for the benefit of Holders of particular Notes, to secure any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06. 
 
 No successor trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this Section 7.10 unless at the time of such acceptance such successor trustee shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08. 
 
 Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee as provided in this Section 7.10, each of the Company and the successor trustee, at the written direction and at the expense of the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered notice of the succession of such trustee hereunder to the Holders. If the Company fails to deliver such notice within ten days after acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee, the successor trustee shall cause such notice to be delivered at the expense of the Company. 
 
 Section 7.11 . Succession by Merger, Etc. Any corporation or other entity into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee (including the administration of this Indenture), shall be the successor to the Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto provided that in the case of any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee such corporation or other entity shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08. 
 
 In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or authenticating agent appointed by such predecessor trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by such successor trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor trustee hereunder or in the name of the successor trustee and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have provided , however , that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation. 
 
 Section 7.12 . Trustee s Application for Instructions from the Company. Any application by the Trustee for written instructions from the Company (other than with regard to any action proposed to be taken or omitted to be taken by the Trustee that affects the rights of the Holders 
 50 

of the Notes under this Indenture) may, at the option of the Trustee, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Trustee under this Indenture and the date on and or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Trustee shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken by, or omission of, the Trustee in accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less than three Business Days after notice that the Company has been deemed to have been given pursuant to Section 17.03 unless any such officer shall have consented in writing to any earlier date), unless, prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in the case of any omission), the Trustee shall have received written instructions in accordance with this Indenture in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted. 

ARTICLE 8 Concerning the Holders 
 
 Section 8.01 . Action by Holders. Whenever in this Indenture it is provided that the Holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take any action (including the making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the time of taking any such action, the Holders of such specified percentage have joined therein may be evidenced 
 (a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or proxy appointed in writing, or (b) by the record of the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting of Holders duly called and held in accordance with the provisions of Article 9, or (c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Holders. Whenever the Company or the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the Holders of the Notes, the Company or the Trustee may, but shall not be required to, fix in advance of such solicitation, a date as the record date for determining Holders entitled to take such action. The record date if one is selected shall be not more than fifteen days prior to the date of commencement of solicitation of such action. 
 
 Section 8.02 . Proof of Execution by Holders. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 9.05, proof of the execution of any instrument by a Holder or its agent or proxy shall be sufficient if made in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Trustee or in such manner as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Note Registrar. The record of any Holders meeting shall be proved in the manner provided in Section 9.06. 
 
 Section 8.03 . Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners. The Company, the Trustee, any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent and any Note Registrar may deem the Person in whose name a Note shall be registered upon the Note Register to be, and may treat it as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not such Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by any Person other than the Company or any Note Registrar) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal (including any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price, if applicable) of and (subject to Section 2.03) any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on such Note, for conversion of such Note and for all other purposes and neither the Company nor the 
 51 

Trustee nor any Paying Agent nor any Conversion Agent nor any Note Registrar shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. The sole registered holder of a Global Note shall be the Depositary or its nominee. All such payments or deliveries so made to any Holder for the time being, or upon its order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sums or shares of Common Stock so paid or delivered, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable or shares deliverable upon any such Note. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes following an Event of Default, any holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note may directly enforce against the Company, without the consent, solicitation, proxy, authorization or any other action of the Depositary or any other Person, such holder s right to exchange such beneficial interest for a Note in certificated form in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture. 
 
 Section 8.04 . Company-Owned Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action under this Indenture, Notes that are owned by the Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding for the purpose of any such determination provided that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent, waiver or other action only Notes that a Responsible Officer actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as outstanding for the purposes of this Section 8.04 if the pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee s right to so act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, a Subsidiary thereof or an Affiliate of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof. In the case of a dispute as to such right, any decision by the Trustee taken upon the advice of counsel shall be full protection to the Trustee. 
 Upon request of the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officer s Certificate listing and identifying all Notes, if any, known by the Company to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above described Persons and, subject to Section 7.01, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officer s Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Notes not listed therein are outstanding for the purpose of any such determination. 
 
 Section 8.05 . Revocation of Consents Future Holders Bound. At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 8.01, of the taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes specified in this Indenture in connection with such action, any Holder of a Note that is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in Section 8.02, revoke such action so far as concerns such Note. Except as aforesaid, any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Note and of any Notes issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or any Note issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof. 
 52 

ARTICLE 9 H OLDERS M EETINGS 
 
 Section 9.01 . Purpose of Meetings. A meeting of Holders may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this Article 9 for any of the following purposes 
 
 (a) to give any notice to the Company or to the Trustee or to give any directions to the Trustee permitted under this Indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any Default or Event of Default hereunder (in each case, as permitted under this Indenture) and its consequences, or to take any other action authorized to be taken by Holders pursuant to any of the provisions of Article 6 
 
 (b) to remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee pursuant to the provisions of Article 7 
 
 (c) to consent to the execution of an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.02 or 
 
 (d) to take any other action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the Holders of any specified aggregate principal amount of the Notes under any other provision of this Indenture or under applicable law. 
 
 Section 9.02 . Call of Meetings by Trustee. The Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders to take any action specified in Section 9.01, to be held at such time and at such place as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Holders, setting forth the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date pursuant to Section 8.01, shall be delivered to Holders of such Notes. Such notice shall also be delivered to the Company. Such notices shall be delivered not less than 20 nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting. 
 
 Any meeting of Holders shall be valid without notice if the Holders of all Notes then outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if notice is waived before or after the meeting by the Holders of all Notes then outstanding, and if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before or after the meeting, waived notice. 
 
 Section 9.03 . Call of Meetings by Company or Holders. In case at any time the Company, pursuant to a Board Resolution, or the Holders of at least 10 of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Holders, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have delivered the notice of such meeting within 20 days after receipt of such request, then the Company or such Holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and may call such meeting to take any action authorized in Section 9.01, by delivering notice thereof as provided in Section 9.02. 
 
 Section 9.04 . Qualifications for Voting. To be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders a Person shall be a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting or 
 53 

be a Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting. The only Persons who shall be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the Persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel. 
 
 Section 9.05 . Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders, in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting as it shall think fit. 
 
 The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by the Company or by Holders as provided in Section 9.03, in which case the Company or the Holders calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of the meeting shall be elected by vote of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, at any meeting of Holders each Holder or proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each 1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented by him or her provided , however , that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes held by it or instruments in writing as aforesaid duly designating it as the proxy to vote on behalf of other Holders. Any meeting of Holders duly called pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.02 or Section 9.03 may be adjourned from time to time by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented at the meeting, whether or not constituting a quorum, and the meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice. 
 
 Section 9.06 . Voting. The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders shall be by written ballot on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives by proxy and the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in duplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record in duplicate of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more Persons having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was delivered as provided in Section 9.02. The record shall show the aggregate principal amount of the Notes voting in favor of or against any resolution. The record shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall be delivered to the Company and the other to the Trustee to be preserved by the Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting. 
 54 

Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein stated. 
 
 Section 9.07 . No Delay of Rights by Meeting. Nothing contained in this Article 9 shall be deemed or construed to authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Holders or any rights expressly or impliedly conferred hereunder to make such call, any hindrance or delay in the exercise of any right or rights conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders under any of the provisions of this Indenture or of the Notes. Nothing contained in this Article 9 shall be deemed or construed to limit any Holder s actions pursuant to the Applicable Procedures so long as the Notes are Global Notes. 

ARTICLE 10 Supplemental Indentures 
 
 Section 10.01 . Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders. Without the consent of any Holder, the Company, when authorized by the resolutions of the Board of Directors and the Trustee, at the Company s expense, may from time to time and at any time amend or supplement this Indenture or the Notes for one or more of the following purposes 
 
 (a) to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency 
 
 (b) to provide for the assumption by a Successor Company of the obligations of the Company under this Indenture pursuant to Article 11 
 
 (c) to add guarantees with respect to the Notes 
 
 (d) to secure the Notes 
 
 (e) to add to the covenants or Events of Default of the Company for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company 
 
 (f) to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect 
 
 (g) in connection with any Share Exchange Event, to provide that the notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 14.02, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 14.07 
 
 (h) comply with any requirement of the Commission in connection with the qualification of this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act to the extent this Indenture is qualified thereunder 
 
 (i) provide for the issuance of additional Notes 
 55 

(j) provide for the appointment of a successor Trustee, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Conversion Agent 
 
 (k) comply with the rules of any applicable securities depositary in a manner that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder 
 
 (l) irrevocably elect or eliminate one of the Settlement Methods and or irrevocably elect a Specified Dollar Amount, provided, however, that no such election or elimination will affect any settlement method theretofore elected (or deemed elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to the provisions of Article 14 
 
 (m) increase the Conversion Rate as provided in this Indenture or 
 
 (n) to conform the provisions of this Indenture or the Notes to the Description of Notes section of the Offering Memorandum. 
 
 Upon the written request of the Company, the Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company in the execution of any such supplemental indenture, to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to, but may in its discretion, enter into any supplemental indenture that affects the Trustee s own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. 
 
 Any supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this Section 10.01 may be executed by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 10.02. 
 
 Section 10.02 . Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. With the consent (evidenced as provided in Article 8) of the Holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (determined in accordance with Article 8 and including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, Notes), the Company, when authorized by the resolutions of the Board of Directors and the Trustee, at the Company s expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture, any supplemental indenture or the Notes or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders provided , however , that, without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected, no such supplemental indenture shall 
 
 (a) reduce the principal amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment 
 
 (b) reduce the rate of or extend the stated time for payment of any Special Interest on any Note 
 
 (c) reduce the principal of or extend the Maturity Date of any Note 
 56 

(d) make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Notes other than as permitted or required by this Indenture 
 
 (e) reduce the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price of any Note or amend or modify in any manner adverse to the Holders the Company s obligation to make such payments, whether through an amendment or waiver of provisions in the covenants, definitions or otherwise 
 
 (f) make any Note payable in a currency, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in the Note 
 
 (g) change the ranking of the Notes 
 
 (h) eliminate the contractual right of any Holder to institute suit for the enforcement right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, on, and the consideration due upon conversion of, its Notes, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in the Notes or this Indenture or 
 
 (i) make any change in this Article 10 that requires each Holder s consent or in the waiver provisions in Section 6.02 or Section 6.09. 
 
 Upon the written request of the Company, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of the requisite Holders as aforesaid and subject to Section 10.05, the Trustee shall join with the Company in the execution of such supplemental indenture unless such supplemental indenture affects the Trustee s own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture. 
 
 Holders do not need under this Section 10.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture. It shall be sufficient if such Holders approve the substance thereof. After any such supplemental indenture becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee) a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture. However, the failure to give such notice to all the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee), or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental indenture. 
 
 Section 10.03 . Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities under this Indenture of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes. 
 57 

Section 10.04 . Notation on Notes. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10 may, at the Company s expense, bear a notation as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company or the Trustee shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, to any modification of this Indenture contained in any such supplemental indenture may, at the Company s expense, be prepared and executed by the Company, authenticated, upon receipt of a Company Order, by the Trustee (or an authenticating agent duly appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 17.10) and delivered in exchange for the Notes then outstanding, upon surrender of such Notes then outstanding. 
 
 Section 10.05 . Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished Trustee. In addition to the documents required by Section 17.05, the Trustee shall receive an Officer s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any supplemental indenture 
 executed pursuant hereto complies with the requirements of this Article 10 and is permitted or authorized by this Indenture such Opinion of Counsel to include a customary legal opinion stating that such supplemental indenture is the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to customary exceptions and qualifications. 

ARTICLE 11 
 Consolidation, Merger, Sale, Conveyance and Lease 
 
 Section 11.01 . Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. Subject to the provisions of Section 11.02, the Company shall not consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company s Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (other than any such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Company s direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiaries), unless 
 
 (a) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Company ), if not the Company, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor Company (if not the Company) shall expressly assume, by supplemental indenture all of the obligations of the Company under the Notes and this Indenture 
 
 (b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under this Indenture and 
 
 (c) if the Company is not the Successor Company, the Successor Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease complies with this Indenture and that such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and an opinion of counsel stating that the supplemental indenture is the valid and binding obligation of the Successor Company, subject to customary exceptions and qualifications. 
 58 

Section 11.02 . Successor Corporation to Be Substituted. In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and upon the assumption by the Successor Company, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the due and punctual payment of the principal of and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on all of the Notes, the due and punctual delivery and or payment, as the case may be, of any consideration due upon conversion of the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Company, such Successor Company (if not the Company) shall succeed to and, except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company s Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall be substituted for the Company, with the same effect as if it had been named herein as the party of the first part, and the Company shall be discharged from its obligations under the Notes and this Indenture (except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company s Subsidiaries, taken as a whole). Such Successor Company thereupon may cause to be signed, and may issue either in its own name or in the name of the Company any or all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee and, upon the order of such Successor Company instead of the Company and subject to all the terms, conditions and limitations in this Indenture prescribed, the Trustee shall authenticate and shall deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Notes that previously shall have been signed and delivered by the Officers of the Company to the Trustee for authentication, and any Notes that such Successor Company thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered to the Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under this Indenture as the Notes theretofore or thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Notes had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. In the event of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance or transfer (but not in the case of a lease), upon compliance with this Article 11 the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of this Indenture (or any successor that shall thereafter have become such in the manner prescribed in this Article 11) may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter and, except in the case of a lease, such Person shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of the Notes and from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes. 
 
 In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease, such changes in phraseology and form (but not in substance) may be made in the Notes thereafter to be issued as may be appropriate. 
 
 Section 11.03 . Officer s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee. If a supplemental indenture is required pursuant to this Article 11 as a result of the Company not being the Successor Company, no such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease shall be effective unless the Trustee shall receive (and shall be conclusively entitled to rely upon) an Officer s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and any such assumption complies with the provisions of this Article 11, and that the supplemental indenture is the valid, binding obligations of the Successor Company, enforceable against such Successor Company in accordance with its terms, such Opinion of Counsel to be subject to customary exceptions. 
 59 

ARTICLE 12 
 Immunity of Incorporators, Stockholders, Officers and Directors 
 
 Section 12.01 . Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations. No recourse for the payment of the principal of or any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, or the payment or delivery of consideration due upon conversion of, any Note, nor for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or in any supplemental indenture or in any Note, nor because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, employee, agent, Officer or director or Subsidiary, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise it being expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Notes. 

ARTICLE 13 Intentionally Omitted 

ARTICLE 14 Conversion of Notes 
 
 Section 14.01 . Conversion Privilege. (a) Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Article 14, each Holder of a Note shall have the right, at such Holder s option, to convert all or any portion (if the portion to be converted is 1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) of such Note (i) subject to satisfaction of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b), at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding January 1, 2027 under the circumstances and during the periods set forth in Section 14.01(b), and (ii) regardless of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b), on or after January 1, 2027 and prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, in each case, at an initial conversion rate of 2.4108 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate per 1,000 principal amount of Notes (subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement provisions of 
 Section 14.02, the Conversion Obligation ). 
 
 (b) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding January 1, 2027, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during the five Business Day period immediately after any five consecutive Trading Day period (the Measurement Period in which the Trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder of Notes in accordance with this subsection (b)(i), for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than 98 of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on each such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on each such Trading Day (the Trading Price Condition ). The Trading Prices shall be determined by the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this subsection (b)(i) and the definition of Trading Price set forth in this Indenture. The Company shall provide written notice to the Bid 
 60 

Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) of the three independent nationally recognized securities dealers selected by the Company pursuant to the definition of Trading Price, along with appropriate contact information for each. The Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall have no obligation to solicit the Trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes unless the Company has requested such solicitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to make such request (or, if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes) unless a Holder of at least 2,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes on any Trading Day would be less than 98 of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day, and the Company shall instruct the three independent nationally recognized securities dealers to deliver bids to the Bid Solicitation Agent. At such time, the Company shall instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) in writing to solicit, or if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall solicit, such bids beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98 of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. The Company shall determine the Trading Price per 1,000 amount of Notes in accordance with the bids solicited by the Bid Solicitation Agent. Any such determination will be conclusive absent manifest error. If (x) the Company is not acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, and the Company does not instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent in writing to solicit bids when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, or if the Company instructs the Bid Solicitation Agent in writing to obtain bids and the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to make such solicitation, or (y) the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to make such solicitation when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, then, in either case, the Trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be less than 98 of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate on each Trading Day of such failure. If the Trading Price Condition has been met on any Trading Day, the Company shall so notify the Holders, the Trustee, and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing on or within one Business Day of such Trading Day. If, at any time after the Trading Price Condition has been met, the Trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98 of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate for such Trading Day, the Company shall so notify the Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing that the Trading Price Condition is no longer met and thereafter neither the Company nor the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall be required to solicit bids again until another qualifying request is made as provided above. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall have any duty to determine or verify the Company s determination of whether the Trading Price Condition has been met. 
 (ii) If, prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding January 1, 2027, the Company elects to 
 (A) issue to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than pursuant to a stockholders rights plan, so 
 61 

long as such rights have not separated from the shares of the Common Stock) entitling them, for a period of not more than 45 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance or 
 (B) distribute to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock the Company s assets, securities or rights to purchase securities of the Company (other than pursuant to a stockholders rights plan, so long as such rights have not separated from the shares of the Common Stock), which distribution has a per share value, as reasonably determined by the Company, exceeding 10 of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day preceding the date of announcement for such distribution, 
 
 then, in either case, the Company shall notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing (such notification, the Certain Distributions Notification (x) at least 30 Scheduled Trading Days prior to or (y) if in the Certain Distributions Notification the Company irrevocably elects Physical Settlement in respect of any conversions with Conversion Dates that occur after delivery to the Holders of the Certain Distributions Notification until the Certain Distributions Conversion Period End Date, at least 10 Scheduled Trading Days prior to, in either case, the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution (or, if later in the case any such separation of rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company becomes aware that such separation or triggering event has occurred or will occur). Once the Company has given such notice, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time until the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution and (2) the Company s announcement that such issuance or distribution will not take place (such earlier date and time, the Certain Distributions Conversion Period End Date ). 
 
 Holders may not convert their Notes pursuant to this Section 14.01(b)(ii) if they participate (other than in the case of a share split or share combination in respect of the Common Stock), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described above without having to convert their Notes as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the applicable Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. 
 (iii) If a transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding January 1, 2027, regardless of whether a Holder has the right to require the Company to repurchase the Notes pursuant to Section 15.02, or if the Company is a party to a Share Exchange Event (other than a Share Exchange Event that is solely for the purpose of changing the Company s jurisdiction of organization that (x) 
 62 

does not constitute a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change and (y) results in a reclassification, conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of the Common Stock solely into shares of Common Stock of the surviving entity and such Common Stock becomes Reference Property for the Notes) that occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding January 1, 2027 (each such Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Share Exchange Event, a Corporate Event ), all or any portion of a Holder s Notes may be surrendered for conversion at any time from or after the effective date of the Corporate Event until the earlier of (x) 35 Trading Days after the effective date of such Corporate Event or, if such Corporate Event also constitutes a Fundamental Change, until the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and (y) the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing no later than the effective date of such Corporate Event. 
 (iv) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding January 1, 2027, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2021 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of 30 consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the Conversion Price on each applicable Trading Day. 
 Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall have any obligation to make any calculation or to determine whether the Notes may be surrendered for conversion or to notify the Company, the Depositary or any Holders if the Notes have become convertible. 
 (v) If the Company calls any or all of the Notes for redemption pursuant to Article 16, then the Holder of such Note called for redemption may surrender such Note called for redemption for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date (any such period, a Redemption Period ), even if such Note called for redemption is not otherwise convertible at such time. After that time, the right to convert such Note on account of the Company s delivery of the Redemption Notice shall expire, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price, in which case a Holder of such Note called for redemption may convert such Note or any portion called for redemption until the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for. If the Company elects to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to an Optional Redemption pursuant to Article 16 and the Holder of any Note (or any owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note) is reasonably not able to determine, before the close of business on the 24 th Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the relevant Redemption Date, whether such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, is to be 
 63 

redeemed pursuant to such Optional Redemption, then such Holder or owner, as applicable, will be entitled to convert such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, at any time during the related Redemption Period, and each such conversion will be deemed to be a Note called for redemption. The Trustee shall not be obligated to make any determination in connection with the foregoing. 
 
 Section 14.02 . Conversion Procedure Settlement Upon Conversion. 
 (a) Subject to this Section 14.02, Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), upon conversion of any Note, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, to the converting Holder, in respect of each 1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, cash Cash Settlement ), shares of Common Stock, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 Physical Settlement or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 Combination Settlement ), at its election, as set forth in this Section 14.02. 
 (i) All conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after January 1, 2027 or during a Redemption Period shall be settled using the same Settlement Method. 
 (ii) Except for any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs during a Redemption Period and any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after January 1, 2027, the Company shall use the same Settlement Method for all conversions with the same Conversion Date, but the Company shall not have any obligation to use the same Settlement Method with respect to conversions with different Conversion Dates. 
 (iii) If, in respect of any Conversion Date (or the period described in the third immediately succeeding set of parentheses, as the case may be), the Company elects to deliver a notice (the Settlement Notice of the relevant Settlement Method in respect of such Conversion Date (or such period, as the case may be), the Company shall deliver such Settlement Notice to the Trustee, the Conversion Agent, and converting Holders no later than the close of business on the first Trading Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date (or, in the case of any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs (i) during a Redemption Period, in the related Redemption Notice or (ii) on or after January 1, 2027, no later than January 1, 2027). If the Company does not elect a Settlement Method prior to the deadline set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall no longer have the right to elect Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement for such conversion or during such period and the Company shall be deemed to have elected Combination Settlement in respect of its Conversion Obligation, and the Specified Dollar Amount per 1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be equal to 1,000. Such Settlement Notice shall specify the relevant Settlement Method and in the case of an election of Combination Settlement, the relevant Settlement Notice 
 64 

shall indicate the Specified Dollar Amount per 1,000 principal amount of Notes. If the Company delivers a Settlement Notice electing Combination Settlement in respect of its Conversion Obligation but does not indicate a Specified Dollar Amount per 1,000 principal amount of Notes in such Settlement Notice, the Specified Dollar Amount per 1,000 principal amount of Notes to be converted shall be deemed to be 1,000. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the Company shall be permitted to irrevocably elect Physical Settlement in any Certain Distributions Notification and any such election would be applicable to conversions with Conversion Dates that occur after delivery to the Holders of the Certain Distributions Notification until the Certain Distributions Conversion Period End Date. By notice to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, the Company may, prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding January 1, 2027, at its option, irrevocably elect to satisfy its Conversion Obligation through Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount per 1,000 principal amount of Notes of at least 1,000 for all Conversion Dates occurring subsequent to delivery of such notice and for which another Settlement Method does not otherwise apply or is not otherwise deemed to apply as set forth herein. If the Company irrevocably elects Combination Settlement with an ability to continue to set the Specified Dollar Amount per 1,000 principal amount of Notes at or above a specific amount, the Company will, after the date of such election, inform Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of such Specified Dollar Amount no later than the related Conversion Date (or in the case of any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs (i) during a Redemption Period, in the related Redemption Notice as provided in Section 16.02, or (ii) on or after 
 January 1, 2027, no later than the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding January 1, 2027), or, if the Company does not timely notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), such Specified Dollar Amount shall be the specific amount set forth in the election notice, unless no specific amount was set forth in the election notice, in which case such Specified Dollar Amount shall be 1,000 per 1,000 principal amount of Notes. Concurrently with providing notice to Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of such election, the Company shall promptly file a current report on Form 8-K or issue a press release announcing that it has elected to irrevocably fix the Settlement Method. The irrevocable election shall apply to all Note conversions on Conversion Dates occurring subsequent to delivery of such notice provided, however, that no such election shall affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note provided, further, that any such election that is made during a Redemption Period will not be applicable to conversions with Conversion Dates that occur during such Redemption Period. For the avoidance of doubt, such an irrevocable election, if made, shall be effective without the need to amend this Indenture or the Notes, including pursuant to Section 10.01(l). However, the Company may nonetheless choose to execute such an amendment at its option. 
 (iv) The cash, shares of Common Stock or combination of cash and shares of Common Stock in respect of any conversion of Notes (the Settlement Amount shall be computed as follows 
 (A) if the Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Physical Settlement, the Company shall deliver to the converting Holder in respect of each 1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (plus cash in lieu of any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion) 
 65 

(B) if the Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Cash Settlement, the Company shall pay to the converting Holder in respect of each 1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted cash in an amount equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion Values for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period and 
 (C) if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Combination Settlement, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, in respect of each 1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, a Settlement Amount equal to the sum of the Daily Settlement Amounts for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period (plus cash in lieu of any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion). 
 (v) The Daily Settlement Amounts (if applicable) and the Daily Conversion Values (if applicable) shall be determined by the Company promptly following the last day of the Observation Period. Promptly and in any event within one Business Day following the last day of the Observation Period after such determination of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock, the Company shall notify the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering fractional shares of Common Stock, subject to Applicable Procedures. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) shall have no responsibility for any such determination. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 14.02(e), before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note as set forth above, such Holder shall in the case of a Global Note, comply with the Applicable Procedures in effect at that time and, if required, pay funds equal to the interest payable on the next Special Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 14.02(h) and, if required, pay all transfer or similar taxes, if any, pursuant to Section 14.02(e) and in the case of a Physical Note or a Global Note not approved for processing through the Depositary, (1) complete, manually sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Conversion Agent as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion (or a facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission thereof) (a Notice of Conversion at the office of the Conversion Agent and state in writing therein the principal amount of Notes to be converted and the name or names (with addresses) in which such Holder wishes the certificate or certificates for any shares 
 66 

of Common Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Conversion Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender such Notes, duly endorsed to the Company or in blank (and accompanied by appropriate endorsement and transfer documents), at the office of the Conversion Agent, (3) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, (4) if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Special Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 14.02(h) and (5) if required, pay all transfer or similar taxes, if any, pursuant to 
 Section 14.02(e). The Trustee (and if different, the Conversion Agent) shall promptly notify the Company of any conversion pursuant to this Article 14. No Notice of Conversion with respect to any Notes may be surrendered by a Holder thereof if such Holder has also delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice to the Company in respect of such Notes and has not validly withdrawn such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with Section 15.03. 
 
 If more than one Note shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by the same Holder, the Conversion Obligation with respect to such Notes shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby) so surrendered. 
 
 (c) A Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business on the date (the Conversion Date that the Holder has complied with the requirements set forth in subsection (b) above. Except as set forth in Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due in respect of the Conversion Obligation on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date, if the Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation through Physical Settlement (provided that, with respect to any Conversion Date following the Special Interest Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date where Physical Settlement applies to the related Conversion, the Company will settle any such Conversion on the Maturity Date), or on the second Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the Observation Period, if the Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation through any other Settlement Method. If any shares of Common Stock are due to a converting Holder, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued, and deliver to such Holder, or such Holder s nominee or nominees, the full number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled, in book-entry format through the Depositary, in satisfaction of the Company s Conversion Obligation. 
 
 (d) In case any Note shall be surrendered for partial conversion, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the written order of the Holder of the Note so surrendered a new Note or Notes in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unconverted portion of the surrendered Note, without payment of any service charge by the converting Holder but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such conversion being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such conversion. 
 67 

(e) If a Holder submits a Note for conversion, the Company shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due on the issue of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion, unless the tax is due because the Holder requests such shares to be issued in a name other than the Holder s name, in which case the Holder shall pay that tax. The Conversion Agent may refuse to deliver the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock being issued in a name other than the Holder s name until the Trustee receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax that is due by such Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 
 
 (f) Except as provided in Section 14.04, no adjustment shall be made for dividends on any shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion of any Note as provided in this Article 14. 
 
 (g) Upon the conversion of an interest in a Global Note, the Trustee, or the Custodian at the direction of the Trustee, shall make a notation on such Global Note as to the reduction in the principal amount represented thereby. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of any conversion of Notes effected through any Conversion Agent other than the Trustee. 
 
 (h) Upon conversion, a Holder shall not receive any separate cash payment for accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, except as set forth below. The Company s settlement of the full Conversion Obligation shall be deemed to satisfy in full its obligation to pay the principal amount of the Note and accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, to, but excluding, the relevant Conversion Date. As a result, accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, to, but excluding, the relevant Conversion Date shall be deemed to be paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. Upon a conversion of Notes into a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, any accrued and unpaid Special Interest will be deemed to be paid first out of the cash paid upon such conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Notes are converted after the close of business on a Special Interest Record Date but prior to the open of business on the immediately following Special Interest Payment Date, Holders of such Notes as of the close of business on such Special Interest Record Date will receive the full amount of interest payable on such Notes on such Special Interest Payment Date notwithstanding the conversion. However, Notes surrendered for conversion during the period from the close of business on any Special Interest Record Date to the open of business on the immediately following Special Interest Payment Date must be accompanied by funds equal to the amount of Special Interest payable on the Notes so converted on the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date (regardless of whether the converting Holder was the Holder of record on the corresponding Special Interest Record Date) provided that no such payment shall be required (1) for conversions following the close of business on the Special Interest Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date (2) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after a Special Interest Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date 
 (3) if the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after a Special Interest Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date or (4) to the extent of any Defaulted Amounts, if any Defaulted Amounts exists at the time of conversion with respect to such Note. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, all Holders of record on the Special Interest Record Date 
 68 

immediately preceding the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date and any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date described in clause (2) above shall receive the full interest payment due on the Maturity Date or other applicable Special Interest Payment Date in cash regardless of whether their Notes have been converted, redeemed and or repurchased, as applicable, following such Special Interest Record Date. 
 
 (i) The Person in whose name the shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon conversion shall be treated as a stockholder of record as of the close of business on the relevant Conversion Date (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement) or the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Combination Settlement), as the case may be. Upon a conversion of Notes, such Person shall no longer be a Holder of such Notes surrendered for conversion. 
 
 (j) The Company shall not issue any fractional share of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and shall instead pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion based on the Daily VWAP for the relevant Conversion Date (in the case of Physical Settlement) or based on the Daily VWAP for the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (in the case of Combination Settlement). For each Note surrendered for conversion, if the Company has elected (or is deemed to have elected) Combination Settlement, the full number of shares that shall be issued upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate Daily Settlement Amounts for the relevant Observation Period and any fractional shares remaining after such computation shall be paid in cash. 
 
 (k) Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee (and the Conversion Agent if not the Trustee) an Officer s Certificate setting forth (i) the adjusted Conversion Rate, (ii) the subsection of this Section 14.04 pursuant to which such adjustment has been made, showing in reasonable detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based and (iii) the date as of which such adjustment is effective (which certificates shall be conclusive evidence of the accuracy of such adjustment absent manifest error). Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received such Officer s Certificate, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate and may assume without inquiry that the last Conversion Rate of which it has knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall prepare a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate and the date on which each adjustment becomes effective and shall deliver such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate to each Holder (copying the Trustee and Conversion Agent). Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment. 
 
 (l) If Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to the conversion of any Note, then the Company will determine the Conversion Consideration due thereupon promptly following the last VWAP Trading Day of the applicable Observation period and will promptly thereafter, and in any event within one Business Day following the last day of the Observation Period, send 
 69 

notice to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same and the calculation thereof in reasonable detail or in such detail as requested by the Depositary. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent will have any duty to make any such determination. 
 
 Section 14.03 . Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or During a Redemption Period. If (i) the Effective Date of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the Maturity Date and a Holder elects to convert its Notes in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, or (ii) the Company issues a Redemption Notice and a Holder elects to convert Notes during the related Redemption Period, the Company shall, under the circumstances described below, increase the Conversion Rate for the Notes so surrendered for conversion by a number of additional shares of Common Stock (the Additional Shares ), as described below. A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the period from, and including, the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change up to, and including, the close of business on the Business Day immediately prior to the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or, in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change that would have been a Fundamental Change but for the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof, the 35th Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change) (such period, the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period ). For the avoidance of doubt, the Company will increase the Conversion Rate during the related Redemption Period only with respect to Conversions of Notes called (or deemed called as contemplated by Section 14.01(b)(v)) for redemption. Accordingly, if the Company elects to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes as described under Article 16, Holders of the Notes not called for redemption will not be entitled to an increased Conversion Rate for conversions of such Notes (on account of the Notice of Redemption) during the applicable redemption Period, except in the limited circumstance set forth under Section 14.01(b)(v). 
 
 (a) Upon surrender of Notes for conversion in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(iii) or during a Redemption Period, the Company shall, at its option, satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement in accordance with Section 14.02 provided , however , that if, at the effective time of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause 
 (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Reference Property following such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is composed entirely of cash, for any conversion of Notes following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated based solely on the Stock Price for the transaction and shall be deemed to be an amount of cash per 1,000 principal amount of converted Notes equal to the Conversion Rate (including any adjustment for Additional Shares), multiplied by such Stock Price. In such event, the Conversion Obligation shall be paid to Holders in cash on the second Business Day following the Conversion Date. The Company shall notify in writing the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of Notes of the Effective Date of any Make-Whole Fundamental Change in writing no later than five Business Days after such Effective Date. 
 70 

(b) The number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased shall be determined by reference to the table below, based on the date on which the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective (the Effective Date or the Redemption Notice Date, as applicable, and the price paid (or deemed to be paid) per share of the Common Stock in the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or on the Redemption Notice Date(the Stock Price ). If the holders of the Common Stock receive in exchange for their Common Stock only cash in a Make- Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share. Otherwise, the Stock Price shall be the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or the Redemption Notice Date, as the case may be. In the event that a conversion during a Redemption Period would also be deemed to be in connection with a Make- Whole Fundamental Change, a Holder of the Notes to be converted will be entitled to a single increase to the Conversion Rate with respect to the first to occur of the applicable Redemption Notice Date or the Effective Date of the applicable Make-Whole Fundamental Change, and the later event will be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of this Section 14.03. The Board of Directors shall make appropriate adjustments to the Stock Price, in its good faith determination, to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Effective Date (as such term is used in Section 14.04) or Expiration Date of the event occurs during such five consecutive Trading Day period. 
 
 (c) The Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table below shall be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Rate of the Notes is otherwise adjusted. The adjusted Stock Prices shall equal the Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such adjustment giving rise to the Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Conversion Rate as so adjusted. The number of Additional Shares set forth in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the Conversion Rate as set forth in Section 14.04. 
 
 (d) The following table sets forth the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased per 
 1,000 principal amount of Notes pursuant to this Section 14.03 for each Stock Price and Effective Date or Redemption Notice Date, as applicable, set forth below 
 
 Stock Price 
 Effective Date 
 272.00 
 304.00 
 338.00 
 374.00 
 414.80 
 456.00 
 497.50 
 539.24 
 585.00 
 635.00 
 700.00 
 800.00 
 1,000.00 
 1,500.00 
 September 24, 2021 
 1.2656 
 1.0516 
 0.8752 
 0.7295 
 0.6010 
 0.4999 0.4194 
 0.3545 
 0.2974 
 0.2475 
 0.1971 
 0.1417 
 0.0770 
 0.0185 
 April 1, 2022 
 1.2656 
 1.0411 
 0.8558 
 0.7040 
 0.5716 
 0.4686 0.3874 
 0.3228 
 0.2665 
 0.2180 
 0.1699 
 0.1181 
 0.0598 
 0.0115 
 April 1, 2023 
 1.2656 
 1.0219 
 0.8265 
 0.6682 
 0.5318 
 0.4272 0.3461 
 0.2824 
 0.2280 
 0.1820 
 0.1374 
 0.0909 
 0.0415 
 0.0054 
 April 1, 2024 
 1.2656 
 0.9961 
 0.7870 
 0.6201 
 0.4789 
 0.3729 0.2926 
 0.2313 
 0.1802 
 0.1383 
 0.0992 
 0.0605 
 0.0232 
 0.0013 
 April 1, 2025 
 1.2656 
 0.9535 
 0.7245 
 0.5456 
 0.3987 
 0.2928 0.2161 
 0.1604 
 0.1166 
 0.0829 
 0.0537 
 0.0278 
 0.0072 
 0.0000 
 April 1, 2026 
 1.2656 
 0.8855 
 0.6113 
 0.4029 
 0.2453 
 0.1471 0.0881 
 0.0531 
 0.0309 
 0.0172 
 0.0080 
 0.0022 
 0.0000 
 0.0000 
 April 1, 2027 
 1.2656 
 0.8787 
 0.5478 
 0.2630 
 0.0000 
 0.0000 0.0000 
 0.0000 
 0.0000 
 0.0000 
 0.0000 
 0.0000 
 0.0000 
 0.0000 

71 

The exact Stock Price and Effective Date or Redemption Notice Date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case 
 (i) if the Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Effective Date or Redemption Notice Date, as the case may be, is between two Effective Dates or Redemption Notice Dates, as applicable, in the table, the number of Additional Shares shall be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices and the earlier and later Effective Dates or Redemption Notice Dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day year 
 (ii) if the Stock Price is greater than 1,500.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate and 
 (iii) if the Stock Price is less than 272.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Conversion Rate per 1,000 principal amount of Notes exceed 3.6764 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04. 
 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 14.03 shall prevent an adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04 in respect of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change. 
 
 Section 14.04 . Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company if any of the following events occurs, except that the Company shall not make any adjustments to the Conversion Rate if Holders of the Notes participate (other than in the case of (x) a share split or share combination or (y) a tender or exchange offer), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described in this Section 14.04, without having to convert their Notes, as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. 
 
 (a) If the Company exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination in respect of the shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula 
 
 72 

where, 
 
 CR 0 the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the Effective Date of such share split or share combination, as applicable 
 CR the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date, as applicable 
 OS 0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date, as applicable, before giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination and 
 OS the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination. 
 
 Any adjustment made under this Section 14.04(a) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the Effective Date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the type described in this Section 14.04(a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 
 
 (b) If the Company issues to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than pursuant to a stockholders rights plan) entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula 

where, 
 
 CR 0 the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance 
 73 

CR the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date 
 OS 0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date 
 X the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants and 
 Y the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the issuance of such rights, options or warrants. 
 
 Any increase made under this Section 14.04(b) shall be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants are issued and shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance. To the extent that shares of the Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance had not occurred. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 14.04(b) and for the purpose of Section 14.01(b)(ii)(A), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders of the Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than such average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement for such issuance, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Company for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Company. 
 
 (c) If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights, options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding dividends, distributions or issuances (including share splits) as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 14.04(a) or Section 14.04(b), except as otherwise described in Section 14.11, rights issued pursuant to any stockholders rights plan of the Company then in effect, dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which the provisions set forth in Section 14.04(d) shall apply, dividends or distributions of Reference Property in exchange for or upon conversion of the Common Stock in a Share Exchange Event, and Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in this 
 Section 14.04(c) shall apply (any of such shares of Capital 
 74 

Stock, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock or other securities, the Distributed Property ), then the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula 

where, 
 
 CR 0 the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution CR the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date 
 SP 0 the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution and 
 FMV the fair market value (as determined by the Company) of the Distributed Property with respect to each outstanding share of the Common Stock on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. 
 
 Any increase made under the portion of this Section 14.04(c) above shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP 0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, in respect of each 1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount and kind of Distributed Property such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Ex-Dividend Date for the distribution. If the Board of Directors determines the FMV (as defined above) of any distribution for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) by reference to the actual or when-issued trading market for any securities, it shall in doing so consider the prices in such market over the same period used in computing the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. 
 
 With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 14.04(c) where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. 
 75 

national securities exchange (a Spin-Off ), the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula 

where, 
 
 CR 0 the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the end of the Valuation Period CR the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the end of the Valuation Period 
 FMV 0 the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of Last Reported Sale Price as set forth in Section 1.01 as if references therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period provided, that if there is no Last Reported Sale Price of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock on such Ex-Dividend Date, the Valuation Period shall be the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the first date such Last Reported Sale Price is available and 
 MP 0 the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period. 
 
 The increase to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall occur at the close of business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the Valuation Period, references to 10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the Valuation Period, references to 10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off and such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day. If the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off is after the 10th Trading Day immediately preceding, and including, the end of any Observation Period in respect of a conversion of Notes, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph and this paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced, solely in respect of that conversion of Notes, with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for the Spin-Off to, and including, the last Trading Day of such Observation Period. If any dividend or distribution that constitutes a Spin-Off is declared but not so paid or made, the 
 76 

Conversion Rate shall be immediately decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay or make such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared or announced. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and subject in all respect to Section 14.11), rights, options or warrants distributed by the Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Company s Capital Stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events Trigger Event (i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock (ii) are not exercisable and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and no adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 14.04(c). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Indenture, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and Ex-Dividend Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) was made, (1) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase (x) the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the Conversion Rate shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued. 
 
 For purposes of Section 14.04(a), Section 14.04(b) and this Section 14.04(c), if any dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable also includes one or both of 
 
 (A) a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which Section 14.04(a) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution or 
 77 

(B) a dividend or distribution of rights, options or warrants to which Section 14.04(b) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution ), 
 
 then, in either case, (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable (the Clause C Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 14.04(c) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Clause C Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 14.04(a) and Section 14.04(b) with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (I) the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any shares of Common Stock included in the Clause A Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(a) or outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(b). 
 
 (d) If the Company pays or makes any cash dividend or distribution to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula 

where, 
 
 CR 0 the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution CR the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution 
 SP 0 the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution and 
 C the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock. 
 
 Any increase pursuant to this Section 14.04(d) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than 
 78 

SP 0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, for each 1,000 principal amount of Notes, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate on the Ex-Dividend Date for such cash dividend or distribution. 
 
 (e) If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the Common Stock that is subject to the then-applicable tender offer rules under the Exchange Act (other than an odd lot tender offer), to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula 

where, 
 
 CR 0 the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires (the date such tender offer or exchange offer expires, the Expiration Date 
 CR the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date 
 AC the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Company) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer 
 OS 0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Expiration Date (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer) 
 OS the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Date (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer) and 
 SP the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date. 
 79 

The increase to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(e) shall occur at the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the Expiration Date of such tender or exchange offer and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the Expiration Date of such tender or exchange offer and such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day. In addition, if the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires is after the 10th Trading Day immediately preceding, and including, the end of any Observation Period in respect of a conversion of Notes, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph and this paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced, solely in respect of that conversion of Notes, with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires to, and including, the last Trading Day of such Observation Period. 
 
 In the event that the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such tender offer or exchange offer, but the Company is, or such Subsidiary is, permanently prevented by applicable law from consummating any such purchases, or all such purchases are rescinded, then the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such tender offer or exchange offer had not been made or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been consummated. 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding this Section 14.04 or any other provision of this Indenture or the Notes, if a Conversion Rate adjustment becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date, and a Holder that has converted its Notes on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or prior to the related Record Date would be treated as the record holder of the shares of Common Stock as of the related Conversion Date as described under Section 14.02(i) based on an adjusted Conversion Rate for such Ex-Dividend Date, then, notwithstanding the Conversion Rate adjustment provisions in this Section 14.04, the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such Ex-Dividend Date shall not be made for such converting Holder. Instead, such Holder shall be treated as if such Holder were the record owner of the shares of Common Stock on an unadjusted basis and participate in the related dividend, distribution or other event giving rise to such adjustment. 
 
 (g) Except as stated herein, the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate for the issuance of shares of the Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of the Common Stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities. 
 80 

(h) In addition to those adjustments required by clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this Section 14.04, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the applicable rules of The New York Stock Exchange, the Company from time to time may increase the Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if the Board of Directors determines that such increase would be in the Company s best interest. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the applicable rules of The New York Stock Exchange, the Company may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock in connection with a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock (or rights to acquire shares of Common Stock) or similar event. Whenever the Conversion Rate is increased pursuant to either of the preceding two sentences, the Company shall deliver to the Holder of each Note a notice of the increase at least 15 days prior to the date the increased Conversion Rate takes effect the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, and such notice shall state the increased Conversion Rate and the period during which it will be in effect. 
 
 (i) Except as stated in this Indenture, the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate for the issuance of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of Common Stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities. For illustrative purposes only and without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, the Conversion Rate shall not be adjusted 
 (i) Upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock at a price below the Conversion Price or otherwise, other than any such issuance described in Section 14.04(a), (b), or (c) above 
 (ii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Company s securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any plan 
 (iii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant or incentive benefit plan (including pursuant to any evergreen plan) or program of or assumed by the Company or any of the Company s Subsidiaries or in connection with any such shares withheld by the Company for tax withholding purposes 
 (iv) upon the issuance of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in clause (ii) of this subsection and outstanding as of the date the Notes were first issued 
 (v) for a tender offer by any party other than a tender off by the Company or one or more of the Company s Subsidiaries as described in Section 14.04(e). 
 (vi) upon the repurchase of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an open market share repurchase program or other buy-back transaction, (including, without limitation, through any structured or derivative transactions such as accelerated share repurchase transactions or similar forward derivatives), or other buy-back transaction, that is not a tender offer or exchange offer of the nature described in Section 14.04(e) 
 81 

(vii) solely for a change in the par value (or lack of par value) of the Common Stock or 
 (viii) for accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any. 
 
 (j) The Company will not adjust the applicable Conversion Rate pursuant to the clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) of this Section 14.04 unless the adjustment would result in a change of at least 1 in the then effective Conversion Rate. However, the Company will carry forward any adjustment to such Conversion Rate that the Company would otherwise have to make and take that adjustment into account in any subsequent adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all such carried-forward adjustments shall be made with respect to the Notes (i) when all such deferred adjustments would result in an aggregate change of at least 1 to the Conversion Rate (ii) the Conversion Date of (if Physical Settlement applies to such conversion), or each Trading Day of the applicable Observation Period for (if Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to such conversion), any Note and (iii) the date a Fundamental Change or Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs. All calculations and other determinations under this Article 14 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten thousandth (1 10,000th) of a share. 
 
 (k) Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee (and the Conversion Agent if not the Trustee) an Officer s Certificate setting forth the Conversion Rate after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall have any responsibility to verify the accuracy of any adjustment to the Conversion Rate. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received such Officer s Certificate, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate and may assume without inquiry that the last Conversion Rate of which it has knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall prepare a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate and the date on which each adjustment becomes effective and shall deliver such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate to each Holder. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment. 
 
 (l) For purposes of this Section 14.04, the number of shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding shall not include shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company so long as the Company does not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company, but shall include shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Section 14.05 . Adjustments of Prices. Whenever any provision of this Indenture requires the Company to calculate the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts over a span of multiple days (including an 
 82 

Observation Period and the period for determining the Stock Price for purposes of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Optional Redemption), the Company shall make appropriate adjustments (without duplication in respect of any adjustment made pursuant to Section 14.04) to each to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Effective Date or Expiration Date, as the case may be, of the event occurs, at any time during the period when the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts are to be calculated. 
 
 Section 14.06 . Shares to Be Fully Paid. The Company shall reserve, free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares or shares held in treasury, sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for conversion of the Notes from time to time as such Notes are presented for conversion (assuming delivery of the maximum number of Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03 and that at the time of computation of such number of shares, all such Notes would be converted by a single Holder and that Physical Settlement were applicable). 
 
 Section 14.07 . Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock. 
 
 (a) In the case of 
 (i) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes in par value or resulting from a subdivision or combination), 
 (ii) any consolidation, merger, combination or similar transaction involving the Company, 
 (iii) any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company s Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 
 (iv) any statutory share exchange, 
 
 in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Share Exchange Event ), then at and after the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the right to convert each 1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Share Exchange Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property , with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Share Exchange Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the Company or the successor or acquiring Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted under 
 Section 10.01(g) providing for such change in 
 83 

the right to convert each 1,000 principal amount of Notes provided , however , that at and after the effective time of the Share Exchange Event (A) the Company or the successor or acquiring company, as the case may be, shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon conversion of Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have been entitled to receive in such Share Exchange Event and (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property. 
 
 If the Share Exchange Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible shall be deemed to be (x) the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration received by the holders of Common Stock that affirmatively make such an election or (y) if no holders of Common Stock affirmatively make such an election, the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Share Exchange Event, then for all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the effective date of such Share Exchange Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each 1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03), multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Share Exchange Event and (B) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion Obligation by paying such cash amount to converting Holders on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of such weighted average as soon as reasonably practicable after such determination is made. 
 
 If the Reference Property in respect of any Share Exchange Event includes, in whole or in part, shares of common equity, such supplemental indenture described in the second immediately preceding paragraph shall provide for anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article 14 with respect to the portion of the Reference Property consisting of such common equity. If, in the case of any Share Exchange Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (other than cash and or cash equivalents) of a Person other than the successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, in such Share Exchange Event, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person, if such other Person is an affiliate of the Company or the successor or acquiring company, and shall contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holders of the Notes as the Board of Directors shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article 15. 
 84 

(b) When the Company executes a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 14.07, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee an Officer s Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property or asset that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Share Exchange Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver notice thereof to all Holders. The Company shall cause notice of the execution of such supplemental indenture to be delivered to each Holder within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental indenture. 
 
 (c) None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a holder of Notes to convert its Notes into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, as set forth in Section 14.01 and Section 14.02 prior to the effective date of such Share Exchange Event. 
 
 (d) The above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive Share Exchange Events. 
 
 Section 14.08 . Certain Covenants. Subject to Sections 14.02(d) and 14.02(e), the Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof. 
 
 (a) The Company covenants that, if any shares of Common Stock to be provided for the purpose of conversion of Notes hereunder require registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares of Common Stock may be validly issued upon conversion, the Company will, to the extent then permitted by the rules and interpretations of the Commission, secure such registration or approval, as the case may be. 
 
 (b) The Company further covenants that if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on any national securities exchange or automated quotation system the Company will list and use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep listed, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed on such exchange or automated quotation system, any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes. 
 
 Section 14.09 . Responsibility of Trustee. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder to determine the Conversion Rate (or any adjustment thereto) or whether any facts exist that may require any adjustment (including any increase) of the Conversion Rate, or with respect to the nature or extent or calculation of any such adjustment when made, or with respect to the method employed, or herein or in any supplemental indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not be accountable with respect to the validity or value (or the kind or amount) of any shares of Common Stock, or of any securities, property or cash that may at any time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of any Note and the Trustee and any other Conversion Agent make no representations with respect thereto. 
 85 

Neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be responsible for any failure of the Company to issue, transfer or deliver any shares of Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities or property or cash upon the surrender of any Note for the purpose of conversion or to comply with any of the duties, responsibilities or covenants of the Company contained in this Article. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be under any responsibility to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in any supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 14.07 relating either to the kind or amount of shares of stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Holders upon the conversion of their Notes after any event referred to in such Section 14.07 or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, may accept (without any independent investigation) as conclusive evidence of the correctness of any such provisions, and shall be protected in relying upon, the Officer s Certificate (which the Company shall be obligated to file with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such supplemental indenture) with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any event contemplated by Section 14.01(b) has occurred that makes the Notes eligible for conversion or no longer eligible therefor. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent may conclusively rely upon any notice with respect to the commencement or termination of such conversion rights, and the Company agrees to deliver such notices to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent immediately after the occurrence of any such event or at such other times as shall be provided for in Section 14.01(b). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, neither the Trustee nor any other agent acting under this Indenture (other than the Company, if acting in such capacity) shall have any obligation to make any calculation or to determine whether the Notes may be surrendered for conversion pursuant to this Indenture, or to notify the Company or the Depositary or any of the Holders if the Notes have become convertible pursuant to the terms of this Indenture. 
 
 Section 14.10 . Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions. In case of any 
 (a) action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries that would require an adjustment in the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04 or Section 14.11 
 
 (b) Share Exchange Event or 
 
 (c) voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company 
 
 then, in each case (unless notice of such event is otherwise required pursuant to another provision of this Indenture) and to the extent applicable, the Company shall cause to be filed with the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and to be delivered to each Holder, a notice stating the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of Common Stock of record are to be determined for the purposes of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries no later than the earlier of the date notice of such date is required to be provided under Rule 10b-17 of the Exchange Act, other applicable Commission rule or applicable rules of the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading and such date is publicly announced by 
 86 

the Company. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, Share Exchange Event, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. 
 
 Section 14.11 . Stockholder Rights Plans. If the Company has a stockholder rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Notes, each share of Common Stock, if any, issued upon such conversion shall be entitled to receive the appropriate number of rights, if any, under such stockholder rights plan and the certificates representing the Common Stock issued upon such conversion shall bear such legends, if any, in each case as may be provided by the terms of any such stockholder rights plan, as the same may be amended from time to time. However, if, prior to any conversion of Notes, the rights have separated from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable stockholder rights plan, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Company distributed to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock Distributed Property as provided in Section 14.04(c), subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights. 
 
 Section 14.12 . Exchange in Lieu of Conversion . When a Holder surrenders its Notes for conversion, the Company may, at its election (an Exchange Election ), cause such Notes to be delivered on or prior to the first Trading Day following the Conversion Date to a financial institution designated by the Company for exchange in lieu of conversion. In order to accept any Notes surrendered for conversion, the designated financial institution must agree to timely deliver, in exchange for such Notes, the cash, shares of Common Stock or combination thereof due upon conversion as described in Section 14.02. If the Company makes an Exchange Election, the Company shall, by the close of business on the first Trading Day following the relevant Conversion Date, notify in writing the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Holder surrendering its Notes for conversion that it has made the Exchange Election, and the Company shall notify the designated financial institution of the Settlement Method it has elected with respect to such conversion and the relevant deadline for payment and or delivery of cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof due upon conversion. The Company, the Holder surrendering its Notes for conversion, and the Conversion Agent shall cooperate to cause such Notes to be delivered to the financial institution, and the Conversion Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon the Company s instruction in connection with effecting such Exchange Election and shall have no liability in respect of such Exchange Election outside its control. 
 
 Any Notes exchanged by the designated financial institution, subject to Applicable Procedures, shall remain outstanding, notwithstanding the surrender thereof by the Holder of such Notes. If the designated financial institution agrees to accept any Notes for exchange but does not timely pay and or deliver the required cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof due upon conversion, or if such designated financial institution does not accept the Notes for exchange, the Company shall notify the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Holder surrendering its Notes for conversion, and pay and or deliver the required cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof due upon conversion to the converting Holder at the time and in the manner required under this Indenture as if the Company had not made an Exchange Election. 
 87 

The Company s designation of a financial institution to which the Notes may be submitted for exchange does not require that financial institution to accept any Notes (unless the financial institution has separately made an agreement with the Company). The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into a separate agreement with any designated financial institution that would compensate it for any such transaction. The Company will comply and will cause the designated financial institution to comply with the Applicable Procedures. 

ARTICLE 15 
 Repurchase of Notes at Option of Holders 
 
 Section 15.01 . Intentionally Omitted . 
 
 Section 15.02 . Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change. (a) If a Fundamental Change occurs at any time, each Holder shall have the right, at such Holder s option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holder s Notes, or any portion of the principal amount thereof that is equal to 1,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000, on the date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date specified by the Company that is not less than 20 Business Days or more than 35 Business Days following the date of the Fundamental Change Company Notice at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof, plus any accrued and unpaid Special Interest thereon to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price ), unless the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Special Interest Record Date but on or prior to the Special Interest Payment Date to which such Special Interest Record Date relates, in which case the Company shall instead pay the full amount of any accrued and unpaid Special Interest (to, but excluding, such Special Interest Payment Date) to Holders of record as of such Special Interest Record Date, and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall be equal to 100 of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased pursuant to this Article 15. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall be subject to postponement in order to allow the Company to comply with applicable law. 
 
 (b) Repurchases of Notes under this Section 15.02 shall be made, at the option of the Holder thereof, upon 
 (i) delivery to the Paying Agent by a Holder of a duly completed notice (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in the form set forth in Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A, if the Notes are Physical Notes, or in compliance with the Applicable Procedures for surrendering interests in Global Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in each case on or before the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and 
 (ii) delivery of the Notes, if the Notes are Physical Notes, to the Paying Agent at any time after delivery of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements for transfer) at the office of the Paying Agent, or book-entry transfer of the Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in compliance with the Applicable Procedures, in each case such delivery being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price therefor. 
 88 

The Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in respect of any Notes to be repurchased shall state 
 (i) in the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be delivered for repurchase 
 (ii) the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be in minimum denominations of 1,000 or an integral multiple thereof and 
 (iii) that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and this Indenture 
 
 provided , however , that if the Notes are Global Notes, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice must comply with the Applicable Procedures. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Holder delivering to the Paying Agent the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice contemplated by this Section 15.02 shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 15.03 or in accordance with Applicable Procedures. 
 
 The Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Company of the receipt by it of any Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or written notice of withdrawal thereof. 
 
 (c) On or before the 20th Business Day after the occurrence of the effective date of a Fundamental Change, the Company shall provide to all Holders of Notes, the Trustee, the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the Paying Agent (in the case of a Paying Agent other than the Trustee) a written notice (the Fundamental Change Company Notice of the occurrence of the effective date of the Fundamental Change and of the repurchase right at the option of the Holders arising as a result thereof. In the case of Physical Notes, such notice shall be by first class mail or, in the case of Global Notes, such notice shall be delivered in accordance with the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary. Each Fundamental Change Company Notice shall specify 
 (i) the events causing the Fundamental Change 
 (ii) the effective date of the Fundamental Change 
 (iii) the last date on which a Holder may exercise the repurchase right pursuant to this Article 15 
 (iv) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 
 89 

(v) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date 
 (vi) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, if applicable 
 (vii) if applicable, the Conversion Rate and any adjustments to the Conversion Rate 
 (viii) that the Notes with respect to which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been delivered by a Holder may be converted only if the Holder withdraws the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and 
 (ix) the procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase their Notes. 
 
 No failure of the Company to give the foregoing notices and no defect therein shall limit the Holders repurchase rights or affect the validity of the proceedings for the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to this Section 15.02. 
 
 At the Company s request, given at least five days prior to the date the Fundamental Change Company Notice is to be sent to the Holders (or such shorter period as agreed by the Paying Agent) the Paying Agent shall give such notice in the Company s name and at the Company s expense provided , however , that, in all cases, the text of such Fundamental Change Company Notice shall be prepared by the Company. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Notes may be repurchased by the Company on any date at the option of the Holders in connection with a Fundamental Change if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes). The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders thereof any Physical Notes held by it during the acceleration of the Notes (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes), or any instructions for book-entry transfer of the Notes in compliance with the Applicable Procedures shall be deemed to have been cancelled, and, upon such return or cancellation, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been withdrawn. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, the Company shall not be required to repurchase, or to make an offer to repurchase, the Notes upon a Fundamental Change if a third party makes such an offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this Article 15, and such third party purchases all Notes properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn under its offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this Article 15. 
 90 

(f) For purposes of this Article 15, the Paying Agent may be any agent, depositary, tender agent, paying agent or other agent appointed by the Company to accomplish the purposes set forth herein. 
 
 Section 15.03 . Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. A Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice may be withdrawn (in whole or in part) by means of a written notice of withdrawal received by the Paying Agent at the office of the Paying Agent in accordance with this 
 Section 15.03 at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, specifying 
 (i) the principal amount of the Notes with respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, which must be in minimum denominations of 1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, 
 (ii) if Physical Notes have been issued, the certificate number of the Note in respect of which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, and 
 (iii) the principal amount, if any, of such Note that remains subject to the original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which portion must be in principal amounts of 1,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000 
 
 provided , however , that if the Notes are Global Notes, the notice must comply with Applicable Procedures of the Depositary. 
 
 Section 15.04 . Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. The Company will deposit with the Paying Agent, or if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 4.04 on or prior to 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (subject to extension in order to allow the Company to comply with applicable law) an amount of money sufficient to repurchase all of the Notes to be repurchased at the appropriate Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Subject to receipt of funds and or Notes by the Paying Agent, payment for Notes surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) will be made on the later of (i) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date provided the Holder has satisfied the conditions in Section 15.02) and (ii) the time of book-entry transfer or the delivery of such Note to the Paying Agent by the Holder thereof in the manner required by Section 15.02 by mailing checks for the amount payable to the Holders of such Notes entitled thereto as they shall appear in the Note Register provided , however , that payments to the Depositary shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Paying Agent shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 
 
 (a) If by 11 00 a.m. New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Paying Agent holds money sufficient to make payment on all the Notes or portions thereof that are to be repurchased on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, or, if extended in order to allow the Company to comply with applicable law, such later date, then, with respect 
 91 

to the Notes that have been properly surrendered for repurchase and have not been validly withdrawn, such Notes will cease to be outstanding, Special Interest, if and to the extent that any such accrued and unpaid Special Interest exists as of such date will cease to accrue on such Notes on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or, if extended in order to allow the Company to comply with applicable law, such later date (whether or not book-entry transfer of the Notes has been made or the Notes have been delivered to the Paying Agent) and all other rights of the Holders of such Notes with respect to the Notes will terminate on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or, if extended in order to allow the Company to comply with applicable law, such later date (other than (x) the right to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and (y) if the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Special Interest Record Date but on or prior to the related Special Interest Payment Date, the right of the Holder of record on such Special Interest Record Date to receive the full amount of any accrued and unpaid Special Interest to, but excluding, such Special Interest Payment Date). 
 
 (b) Upon surrender of a Physical Note that is to be repurchased in part pursuant to Section 15.02, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in an authorized denomination equal in principal amount to the unrepurchased portion of the Note surrendered. 
 
 Section 15.05. Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes . In connection with any repurchase offer, the Company will, if required 
 
 (a) comply with the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act 
 
 (b) file a Schedule TO or any other required schedule under the Exchange Act and 
 
 (c) otherwise comply in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws in connection with any offer by the Company to repurchase the Notes 
 
 in each case, so as to permit the rights and obligations under this Article 15 to be exercised in the time and in the manner specified in this Article 15 subject to postponement in order to allow the Company to comply with applicable law. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Indenture relating to the Company s obligations to purchase the Notes upon a Fundamental Change, the Company will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under such provisions of this Indenture by virtue of such conflict. 

ARTICLE 16 Optional Redemption 
 
 Section 16.01. Optional Redemption . No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to October 5, 2024. On or after October 5, 2024, the Company may redeem, at its option, (an Optional Redemption for cash all or any portion of the Notes (subject to the Partial Redemption Limitation), at the Redemption Price, if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock has been at least 130 of the Conversion 
 92 

Price then in effect for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive Trading Day period (including the last Trading Day of such period) ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides the Redemption Notice (a Redemption Notice Date in accordance with Section 16.02. 
 
 Section 16.02 . Notice of Optional Redemption Selection of Notes . 
 (a) In case the Company exercises its Optional Redemption right to redeem all or, as the case may be, any part of the Notes pursuant to 
 Section 16.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Redemption Date and it or, at its written request together with the Redemption Notice to be given, an Officer s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel received by the Trustee not less than five Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Redemption Notice Date (or such shorter period of time as may be acceptable to the Trustee), the Trustee, in the name of and at the expense of the Company, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of such Optional Redemption (a Redemption Notice not less than 25 nor more than 60 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes so to be redeemed as a whole or in part provided, however, that, if the Company shall give such notice, it shall also give written notice of the Redemption Date to the Trustee, the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) provided further that, if the Company is then otherwise permitted to settle conversions of Notes by Physical Settlement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, has not irrevocably elected another Settlement Method), and the Company elects to settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs during the period beginning on, and including, the date of the relevant Redemption Notice and ending at the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day prior to the related Redemption Date by Physical Settlement, then the Company may elect to choose a Redemption Date that is a Business Day not less than 15 nor more than 50 Scheduled Trading Days after the date the Company delivers such Redemption Notice. The Redemption Date must be a Business Day. The Company may not specify a Redemption Date that falls on or after the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. 
 
 (b) The Redemption Notice, if delivered in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such Redemption Notice or any defect in the Redemption Notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. 
 
 (c) Each Redemption Notice shall specify 
 (i) the Redemption Date 
 (ii) the Redemption Price 
 (iii) that on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each Note to be redeemed, and that interest thereon, if any, shall cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date 
 93 

(iv) the place or places where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price 
 (v) that Holders may surrender their Notes for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date (unless the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price, in which case a Holder of Notes subject to such Optional Redemption may convert such Notes until the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for) 
 (vi) the procedures a converting Holder must follow to convert its Notes and the Settlement Method 
 (vii) the Conversion Rate and, if applicable, the number of Additional Shares added to the Conversion Rate in accordance with Section 14.03 
 (viii) the CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers, if any, assigned to such Notes and 
 (ix) in case any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued, which principal amount must be 1,000 or a multiple thereof. 
 
 A Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. 
 
 (d) If fewer than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed, (i) at least 100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes must be outstanding and not subject to redemption as of the relevant Redemption Date (the Partial Redemption Limitation ), and (ii) the Notes to be redeemed will be selected according to the Applicable Procedures, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or, in the case of Notes represented by Physical Notes, on a pro rata or by lot basis or by another method the Trustee deems to be appropriate and fair. If any Note selected for partial redemption is submitted for conversion in part after such selection, the portion of the Note submitted for conversion shall be deemed (so far as may be possible) to be the portion selected for redemption. 
 
 Section 16.03. Payment of Notes Called for Redemption . (a) If any Redemption Notice has been given in respect of the Notes in accordance with Section 16.02, the Notes shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date at the place or places stated in the Redemption Notice and at the applicable Redemption Price. On presentation and surrender of the Notes at the place or places stated in the Redemption Notice, the Notes shall be paid and redeemed by the Company at the applicable Redemption Price. 
 
 (b) Prior to 11 00 a.m. New York City time on the Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent or, if the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company is acting as the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 7.05 an amount of 
 94 

cash (in immediately available funds if deposited on the Redemption Date), sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of all of the Notes to be redeemed on such Redemption Date. Subject to receipt of funds by the Paying Agent, payment for the Notes to be redeemed shall be made on the Redemption Date for such Notes. The Paying Agent shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Redemption Price. 
 
 Section 16.04 Restrictions on Redemption . The Company may not redeem any Notes on any date if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to the Redemption Date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Redemption Price with respect to such Notes). 

ARTICLE 17 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 
 Section 17.01 . Provisions Binding on Company s Successors. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements of the Company contained in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns whether so expressed or not. 
 
 Section 17.02 . Official Acts by Successor Corporation. Any act or proceeding by any provision of this Indenture authorized or required to be done or performed by any board, committee or Officer of the Company shall and may be done and performed with like force and effect by the like board, committee or officer of any corporation or other entity that shall at the time be the lawful sole successor of the Company. 
 
 Section 17.03 . Addresses for Notices, Etc. Any notice or demand that by any provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders on the Company shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed (until another address is filed by the Company with the Trustee) to Bill.com Holdings, Inc., 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100, San Jose, California 95002, Attention Vice President, Finance. Any notice, direction, request or demand hereunder to or upon the Trustee shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if given or served by overnight delivery with a reputable national overnight delivery service, being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed to the Corporate Trust Office or sent electronically in PDF format, whether sent by mail or electronically, upon actual receipt by the Trustee. 
 
 The Trustee, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. 
 
 Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Physical Notes shall be mailed to it by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register and shall be sufficiently given to it if so mailed within the time prescribed. Any notice 
 95 

or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Global Notes shall be delivered in accordance with the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary and shall be sufficiently given to it if so delivered within the time prescribed. 
 
 Failure to mail or deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed or delivered, as the case may be, in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 
 
 In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice to Holders by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder. 
 
 Section 17.04 . Governing Law Jurisdiction. THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF). 
 
 The Company irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit of the Holders from time to time of the Notes and the Trustee, that any legal action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities or any other matter arising out of or in connection with this Indenture or the Notes may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become due in respect of the Notes have been paid, hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in personam , generally and unconditionally with respect to any action, suit or proceeding for itself in respect of its properties, assets and revenues. 
 
 The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Indenture brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 
 Section 17.05 . Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee. Upon any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee an Officer s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, stating that such action is permitted by the terms of this Indenture and that all conditions precedent including any covenants, compliance with such which constitutes a condition precedent to such action have been complied with, provided that no Opinion of Counsel shall be 
 96 

required to be delivered in connection with the removal of the restricted CUSIP number of the Restricted Securities to an unrestricted CUSIP number pursuant to the applicable procedures of the Depositary upon the Notes becoming freely tradable by non-Affiliates of the Company under Rule 144, unless a new Note is to be issued and authenticated (in which case the Opinion of Counsel required by Section 2.04 shall be delivered) provided further that no Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered solely in connection with a request by the Company that the Trustee deliver a notice to Holders under the Indenture where the Trustee receives an Officer s Certificate with respect to such notice. With respect to matters of fact, an Opinion of Counsel may rely on an Officer s Certificate or certificates of public officials. 
 
 Each Officer s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel provided for, by or on behalf of the Company in this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with this Indenture (other than the Officer s Certificates provided for in Section 4.08) shall include a statement that the person signing such certificate is familiar with the requested action and this Indenture a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statement contained in such certificate is based a statement that, in the judgment of such person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed judgment as to whether or not such action is permitted by this Indenture and a statement as to whether or not, in the judgment of such person, such action is permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent to such action have been complied with. 
 
 Section 17.06 . Legal Holidays. In any case where any Special Interest Payment Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, or the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then any action to be taken on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if taken on such date, and no interest shall accrue in respect of the delay. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, a day on which the applicable place of payment is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed will be deemed not to be a Business Day. 
 
 Section 17.07 . No Security Interest Created. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall be construed to constitute a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar legislation, as now or hereafter enacted and in effect, in any jurisdiction. 
 
 Section 17.08 . Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the Holders, the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any Bid Solicitation Agent, any Custodian, any authenticating agent, any Note Registrar and their successors hereunder, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture. 
 
 Section 17.09 . Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents and the titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 
 97 

Section 17.10 . Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent that shall be authorized to act on its behalf and subject to its direction in the authentication and delivery of Notes in connection with the original issuance thereof and transfers and exchanges of Notes hereunder, including under Section 2.04, Section 2.05, Section 2.06, Section 2.07, Section 10.04 and Section 15.04 as fully to all intents and purposes as though the authenticating agent had been expressly authorized by this Indenture and those Sections to authenticate and deliver Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture, the authentication and delivery of Notes by the authenticating agent shall be deemed to be authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Trustee and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an authenticating agent shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement hereunder or in the Notes for the Trustee s certificate of authentication. Such authenticating agent shall at all times be a Person eligible to serve as trustee hereunder pursuant to Section 7.08. 
 
 Any corporation or other entity into which any authenticating agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any authenticating agent shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to the corporate trust business of any authenticating agent, shall be the successor of the authenticating agent hereunder, if such successor corporation or other entity is otherwise eligible under this Section 17.10, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the parties hereto or the authenticating agent or such successor corporation or other entity. 
 
 Any authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any authenticating agent by giving written notice of termination to such authenticating agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time any authenticating agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor authenticating agent (which may be the Trustee), shall give written notice of such appointment to the Company and shall deliver notice of such appointment to all Holders. 
 
 The Company agrees to pay to the authenticating agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services although the Company may terminate the authenticating agent, if it determines such agent s fees to be unreasonable. 
 
 The provisions of Section 7.02, Section 7.03, Section 7.04, Section 8.03 and this Section 17.10 shall be applicable to any authenticating agent. 
 
 If an authenticating agent is appointed pursuant to this Section 17.10, the Notes may have endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustee s certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form 
 
 , 
 as Authenticating Agent, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture. 
 98 

___________________________ 
 By Authorized Signatory 
 
 Section 17.11 . Execution in Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. This Indenture (or any document that is executed in connection with this Indenture) shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature 
 (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law ), in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. All notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder must be in writing (provided that any such communication sent to Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign or other electronic signature provider that the Company plans to use (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to Trustee by the authorized representative), in English. Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 
 
 Section 17.12 . Severability. In the event any provision of this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired. 
 
 Section 17.13 . Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
 99 

Section 17.14 . Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, , any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation or governmental authority, strikes, work stoppages, labor disputes, disease, epidemic or pandemic, quarantine, national emergency, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services malware or ransomware, communication systems failure or unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex system or other wire or other funds transfer systems, or unavailability of any securities clearing system it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 
 
 Section 17.15 . Calculations . The Company shall be responsible for making all calculations called for under the Notes. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations of the Redemption Price, Stock Price, Trading Price of the Notes (for purposes of determining whether the Notes are convertible as described herein), the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values, the Daily Settlement Amounts, the Redemption Price, any Special Interest payable on the Notes, and the Conversion Rate of the Notes, including adjustments to the Conversion Price and the Conversion Rate. The Company shall make all these calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, the Company s calculations shall be final and binding on Holders of Notes. The Company shall provide a schedule of its calculations to each of the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, and each of the Trustee and Conversion Agent is entitled to rely conclusively upon the accuracy of the Company s calculations without independent verification. The Company will forward the Company s calculations to any Holder of Notes upon the written request of that Holder at the sole cost and expense of the Company. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall have any responsibility or liability with respect to performing calculations under the Notes. 
 
 In no event shall the Trustee or Conversion Agent be responsible for making any calculations under this Indenture or for determining amounts to be paid or for monitoring any stock price. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent shall rely conclusively on the calculations and information provided to them by the Company as to Daily VWAP, Trading Price, Daily Conversion Value, Daily Settlement Amount and Last Reported Sale Price. Nor shall the Trustee or the Conversion Agent be charged with knowledge of or have any duties to monitor any Measurement Period or Observation Period or determine whether the Notes are convertible or to notify the Company, the Holders or DTC if the Notes have become convertible or whether any adjustments to the Conversion Rate are required. 
 
 Section 17.16. USA PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 100 

Section 17.17. Tax Withholding. The Company or the Trustee, as the case may be, shall be entitled to make a deduction or withholding from any payment which it makes under this Indenture for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or charges if and to the extent so required by any applicable law and any current or future regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or by virtue of the relevant Holder failing to satisfy any certification or other requirements in respect of the Notes, in which event the Company or the Trustee, as the case may be, shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so withheld or deducted and shall have no obligation to gross up any payment hereunder or pay any additional amount as a result of such withholding tax. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 101 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 

BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By s John Rettig Name John Rettig Title Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance and Operations WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By s Maddy Hughes Name Name Maddy Hughes Title Vice President 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 FORM OF FACE OF NOTE 
 
 INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A GLOBAL NOTE 
 
 UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION DTC ), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A RESTRICTED SECURITY 
 
 THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER 
 (1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 
 (2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. (THE COMPANY THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT 
 (A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 
 (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IS EFFECTIVE AT THE TIME OF SUCH TRANSFER, OR 
 A-1 

(C) TO A PERSON THAT YOU REASONABLY BELIEVE TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 
 (D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER FOR THE COMPANY TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY OR PERSON THAT HAS BEEN AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY DURING THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THREE MONTHS MAY PURCHASE, OTHERWISE ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 1 
 
 __________ 
 1 The Restrictive Legend shall be deemed removed from the face of this Note without further action by the Company, Trustee or the Holders of this Note at such time and in the manner provided under Section 2.05 of the Indenture. 
 A-2 

Bill.com Holdings, Inc. 
 
 0 Convertible Senior Note due 2027 
 
 No. Initially 2 
 
 CUSIP No. 090043 AC4 3 
 
 Bill.com Holdings, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company , which term includes any successor corporation or other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO. 4 5 , or registered assigns, the principal sum as set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto 6 of 
 7 , which amount, taken together with the principal amounts of all other outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the Indenture, exceed 
 575,000,000 in aggregate at any time, in accordance with the rules and the Applicable Procedures, on April 1, 2027, and interest, if any, thereon as set forth below. 
 
 This Note shall not bear regular interest, and the principal amount shall not accrete. Any Special Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each April 1 and October 1, commencing on April 1, 2022, to Holders of record at the close of business on the preceding March 15 and September 15 (whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Special Interest will be payable as set forth in Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and 
 Section 6.03 of the within-mentioned Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note therein shall be deemed to refer solely to Special Interest if, in such context, Special Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of such Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) or Section 6.03 or any interest on any Defaulted Amounts payable as set forth in Section 2.03(c) in the within-mentioned Indenture. 
 
 Any Defaulted Amounts shall not accrue interest unless Special Interest was payable on the required payment date, in which case such payments shall accrue interest per annum at the then-applicable Special Interest rate, from, and including, such relevant payment date to, but excluding, the date on which such Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election, in accordance with Section 2.03(c) of the Indenture. 
 
 The Company shall pay the principal of and Special Interest, if any, on this Note, if and so long as such Note is a Global Note, in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall pay the principal of any Notes (other than 
 ____________ 
 2 Include if a global note. 
 3 At such time as the Company notifies the Trustee that the Restrictive Legend is to be removed in accordance with the Indenture, the CUSIP number for this Note shall be deemed to be 090043 AD2 in accordance with Applicable Procedures. 
 4 Include if a global note. 
 5 Include if a physical note. 
 6 Include if a global note. 
 7 Include if a physical note. 
 A-3 

Notes that are Global Notes) at the office or agency designated by the Company for that purpose. The Company has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Note Registrar in respect of the Notes and its Corporate Trust Office located in the United States of America as a place where Notes may be presented for payment or for registration of transfer and exchange. 
 
 Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions giving the Holder of this Note the right to convert this Note into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, on the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture. Such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. 
 
 This Note, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Note, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York (without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof). 
 
 In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control and govern. 
 
 This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank A-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed. 
 
 BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 By 

___________________________________ 
 Name Title 

Dated 
 TRUSTEE S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture. 
 
 By 

_________________________________ Authorized Signatory 

A-5 

FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE 
 
 Bill.com Holdings, Inc. 
 0 Convertible Senior Note due 2027 
 
 This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated as its 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes ), limited to the aggregate principal amount of 575,000,000, all issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of September 24, 2021 (the Indenture ), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the Trustee ), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Additional Notes may be issued in an unlimited aggregate principal amount, subject to certain conditions specified in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used in this Note and not defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Indenture. 
 
 In case certain Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of, and Special Interest on, all Notes may be declared, by either the Trustee or Holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions and certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make all payments and deliveries in respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Redemption Price on the Redemption Date and the principal amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to a Paying Agent to collect such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash amounts in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 
 
 The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee in certain circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, and in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to execute supplemental indentures modifying the terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default under the Indenture and its consequences. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Indenture or any provision of this Note, each Holder shall have the contractual right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, this Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in 
 A-6 

this Note or in the Indenture, and the contractual right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be, on or after such respective dates, shall not be amended without the consent of each Holder. 
 
 The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of 1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. At the office or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such exchange. 
 
 The Notes are not subject to redemption prior to October 5, 2024. The Notes shall be redeemable at the Company s option on or after October 5, 2024 in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions specified in the Indenture. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, the Holder has the right, at such Holder s option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holder s Notes or any portion thereof (in principal amounts of 1,000 or integral multiples thereof) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the right, at its option, during certain periods and upon the occurrence of certain conditions specified in the Indenture, prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to convert any Notes or portion thereof that is 1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, at the Conversion Rate specified in the Indenture, as adjusted from time to time as provided in the Indenture. 
 A-7 

ABBREVIATIONS 
 
 The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations 
 
 TEN COM as tenants in common 
 
 UNIF GIFT MIN ACT Uniform Gifts to Minors Act CUST Custodian 
 TEN ENT as tenants by the entireties 
 JT TEN joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list. 
 A-8 

SCHEDULE A 8 
 
 SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
 
 Bill.com Holdings, Inc. 
 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 
 
 The initial principal amount of this Global Note is DOLLARS ). The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made 

Date of exchange 
 _________ 

Amount of decrease in principal amount of this Global Note 
 ______________ 

Amount of increase in principal amount of this Global Note 
 _____________ 

Principal amount of this Global Note following such decrease or increase 
 ________________ 

Signature of authorized signatory of Trustee or Custodian 
 ______________ 

_________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 

8 Include if a global note. 
 A-9 

ATTACHMENT 1 
 
 FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION 
 
 To Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 600 South 4 th Street, 6 th Floor 
 MAC N9300-060 
 Minneapolis, MN 55415 
 Corporate Trust Services BILL.COM Administrator RE Bill.Com Notice of Conversion 
 The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (that is 1,000 principal 
 amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, at the Company s election, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that any cash payable and any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any fractional share, and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the registered Holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes, if any in accordance with Section 14.02(d) and Section 14.02(e) of the Indenture. Any amount required to be paid to the undersigned on account of interest accompanies this Note. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 
 
 Dated 
 
 Signature(s) 
 
 _______________________________________________ 
 Signature Guarantee 
 
 Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange 
 1 

Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to be issued, or Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder. 
 
 Fill in for registration of shares if to be issued, and Notes if to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 (Name) 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 (Street Address) 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 (City, State and Zip Code) Please print name and address 
 
 Principal amount to be converted (if less than all) 
 ,000 
 
 NOTICE The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 _______________________________________ 
 Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number 
 2 

ATTACHMENT 2 
 
 FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE 
 
 To Paying Agent 
 
 The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Bill.com Holdings, Inc. (the Company as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered holder hereof in accordance with Section 15.02 of the Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof (that is 1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, and (2) if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Special Interest Record Date and on or prior to the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 
 
 In the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth below Dated 
 ________________________________________ 
 Signature(s) 
 ________________________________________ 
 Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number Principal amount to be repaid (if less than all) ,000 
 NOTICE The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 1 

ATTACHMENT 3 
 
 FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER 
 
 For value received hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto (Please insert social security or Taxpayer Identification Number of assignee) the within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 
 In connection with any transfer of the within Note occurring prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, as defined in the Indenture governing such Note, the undersigned confirms that such Note is being transferred 
 
 To Bill.com Holdings, Inc. or a subsidiary thereof or 
 
 Pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or 
 
 Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or 
 
 Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 1 

Dated 
 
 ________________________ 
 Signature(s) 
 ________________________ 
 Signature Guarantee 
 
 Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder. 
 
 NOTICE The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 2 

FACE OF NOTE 
 
 UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION DTC ), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
 
 THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER 
 (1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 
 (2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. (THE COMPANY THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT 
 (A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 
 (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IS EFFECTIVE AT THE TIME OF SUCH TRANSFER, OR 
 (C) TO A PERSON THAT YOU REASONABLY BELIEVE TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 
 A-1 

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER FOR THE COMPANY TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY OR PERSON THAT HAS BEEN AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY DURING THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THREE MONTHS MAY PURCHASE, OTHERWISE ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 
 A-2 

Bill.com Holdings, Inc. 
 
 0 Convertible Senior Note due 2027 
 
 No. R-1 Initially 500,000,000 
 
 CUSIP No. 090043 AC4 1 
 
 Bill.com Holdings, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company , which term includes any successor corporation or other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum as set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto, which amount, taken together with the principal amounts of all other outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the Indenture, exceed 575,000,000 in aggregate at any time, in accordance with the rules and the Applicable Procedures, on April 1, 2027, and interest, if any, thereon as set forth below. 
 
 This Note shall not bear regular interest, and the principal amount shall not accrete. Any Special Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each April 1 and October 1, commencing on April 1, 2022, to Holders of record at the close of business on the preceding March 15 and September 15 (whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Special Interest will be payable as set forth in Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and 
 Section 6.03 of the within-mentioned Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note therein shall be deemed to refer solely to Special Interest if, in such context, Special Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of such Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) or Section 6.03 or any interest on any Defaulted Amounts payable as set forth in Section 2.03(c) in the within-mentioned Indenture. 
 
 Any Defaulted Amounts shall not accrue interest unless Special Interest was payable on the required payment date, in which case such payments shall accrue interest per annum at the then-applicable Special Interest rate, from, and including, such relevant payment date to, but excluding, the date on which such Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election, in accordance with Section 2.03(c) of the Indenture. 
 
 The Company shall pay the principal of and Special Interest, if any, on this Note, if and so long as such Note is a Global Note, in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall pay the principal of any Notes (other than Notes that are Global Notes) at the office or agency designated by the Company for that purpose. The Company has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Note Registrar in respect of the Notes and its Corporate Trust Office located in the United States of America as a place where Notes may be presented for payment or for registration of transfer and exchange. 
 
 ____________ 
 1 At such time as the Company notifies the Trustee that the Restrictive Legend is to be removed in accordance with the Indenture, the CUSIP number for this Note shall be deemed to be 090043 AD2 in accordance with Applicable Procedures. 
 A-3 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions giving the Holder of this Note the right to convert this Note into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, on the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture. Such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. 
 
 This Note, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Note, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York (without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof). 
 
 In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control and govern. 
 
 This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank A-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed. 
 
 BILL.COM HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 By 

__________________________ 
 
 Name Title 

Dated September 24, 2021 
 TRUSTEE S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture. 
 
 By ____________________________ 

Authorized Signatory 

A-5 

REVERSE OF NOTE 
 
 Bill.com Holdings, Inc. 
 0 Convertible Senior Note due 2027 
 
 This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated as its 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes ), limited to the aggregate principal amount of 575,000,000, all issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of September 24, 2021 (the Indenture ), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the Trustee ), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Additional Notes may be issued in an unlimited aggregate principal amount, subject to certain conditions specified in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used in this Note and not defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Indenture. 
 
 In case certain Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of, and Special Interest on, all Notes may be declared, by either the Trustee or Holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions and certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make all payments and deliveries in respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Redemption Price on the Redemption Date and the principal amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to a Paying Agent to collect such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash amounts in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 
 
 The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee in certain circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, and in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to execute supplemental indentures modifying the terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default under the Indenture and its consequences. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Indenture or any provision of this Note, each Holder shall have the contractual right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and the Redemption Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, this Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in 
 A-6 

this Note or in the Indenture, and the contractual right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be, on or after such respective dates, shall not be amended without the consent of each Holder. 
 
 The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of 1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. At the office or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such exchange. 
 
 The Notes are not subject to redemption prior to October 5, 2024. The Notes shall be redeemable at the Company s option on or after October 5, 2024 in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions specified in the Indenture. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, the Holder has the right, at such Holder s option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holder s Notes or any portion thereof (in principal amounts of 1,000 or integral multiples thereof) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the right, at its option, during certain periods and upon the occurrence of certain conditions specified in the Indenture, prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to convert any Notes or portion thereof that is 1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, at the Conversion Rate specified in the Indenture, as adjusted from time to time as provided in the Indenture. 
 A-7 

ABBREVIATIONS 
 
 The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations 
 
 TEN COM as tenants in common 
 
 UNIF GIFT MIN ACT Uniform Gifts to Minors Act CUST Custodian 
 TEN ENT as tenants by the entireties 
 JT TEN joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list. 
 A-8 

SCHEDULE A 
 
 SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
 
 Bill.com Holdings, Inc. 
 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 
 
 The initial principal amount of this Global Note is FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS 500,000,000). The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made 

Date of exchange 
 _____________ 

Amount of decrease in principal amount of this Global Note 
 _____________ 

Amount of increase in principal amount of this Global Note 
 ____________ 

Principal amount of this Global Note following such decrease or increase 
 ____________ 

Signature of authorized signatory of Trustee or Custodian 
 ____________ 

__________ __________ __________ __________ __________ 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 

A-9 

ATTACHMENT 1 
 
 FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION 
 
 To Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 600 South 4 th Street, 6 th Floor 
 MAC N9300-060 
 Minneapolis, MN 55415 
 Corporate Trust Services BILL.COM Administrator RE Bill.ComNotice of Conversion 
 The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (that is 1,000 principal 
 amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, at the Company s election, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that any cash payable and any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any fractional share, and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the registered Holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes, if any in accordance with Section 14.02(d) and Section 14.02(e) of the Indenture. Any amount required to be paid to the undersigned on account of interest accompanies this Note. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 
 
 Dated 

Signature(s) 
 
 __________________________ 
 
 Signature Guarantee 
 
 Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange 
 1 

Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to be issued, or 
 Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder. 
 
 Fill in for registration of shares if to be issued, and Notes if to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder 
 _________________________ 
 (Name) 
 ________________________ 
 (Street Address) 
 ________________________ 
 (City, State and Zip Code) Please print name and address 
 
 Principal amount to be converted (if less than all) 
 ,000 
 
 NOTICE The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 
 ______________________________ 
 Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number 
 2 

ATTACHMENT 2 
 
 FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE 
 
 To Paying Agent 
 
 The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Bill.com Holdings, Inc. (the Company as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered holder hereof in accordance with Section 15.02 of the Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof (that is 1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, and (2) if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Special Interest Record Date and on or prior to the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 
 
 In the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth below Dated 
 ____________________________________ 
 Signature(s) 
 
 ___________________________________________ 
 Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number Principal amount to be repaid (if less than all) ,000 
 NOTICE The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 1 

ATTACHMENT 3 
 
 FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER 
 
 For value received hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto (Please insert social security or Taxpayer Identification Number of assignee) the within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 
 In connection with any transfer of the within Note occurring prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, as defined in the Indenture governing such Note, the undersigned confirms that such Note is being transferred 
 To Bill.com Holdings, Inc. or a subsidiary thereof or 
 Pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or 
 Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or 
 Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 1 

Dated 

Signature(s) 
 _____________________________________ 
 
 Signature Guarantee 
 
 Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and 
 credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Rule 17Ad-15 if Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder. 
 
 NOTICE The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 2 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 bill-20230630xex104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 
 BILL H OLDINGS , I NC . 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 1. PURPOSE . The purpose of this Plan is to provide incentives to attract, retain, and motivate eligible persons whose present and potential contributions are important to the success of the Company, and any Parents, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates that exist now or in the future, by offering them an opportunity to participate in the Company s future performance through the grant of Awards. Capitalized terms not defined elsewhere in the text are defined in Section 29. 
 
 2. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN . 
 
 2.a. Number of Shares Available . Subject to Sections 2.6 and 22 and any other applicable provisions hereof, the total number of Shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to this Plan as of the date of adoption of the Plan by the Board, is Seven Million One Hundred Thousand (7,100,000) Shares, plus (a) any reserved Shares not issued or subject to outstanding awards granted under the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2016 Plan on the Effective Date (as defined below), (b) Shares that are subject to awards granted under the 2016 Plan and the Company s 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (collectively with the 2016 Plan, the Prior Plans that cease to be subject to such awards by forfeiture or otherwise after the Effective Date, (c) Shares issued under the Prior Plans before or after the Effective Date pursuant to the exercise of stock options that are, after the Effective Date, forfeited, (d) Shares issued under the Prior Plan that are repurchased by the Company at the original purchase price or are otherwise forfeited, and (e) Shares that are subject to stock options or other awards under the Prior Plans that are used to pay the exercise price of a stock option or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any award. 
 
 2.b. Lapsed, Returned Awards . Shares subject to Awards, and Shares issued under the Plan under any Award, will again be available for grant and issuance in connection with subsequent Awards under this Plan to the extent such Shares (a) are subject to issuance upon exercise of an Option or SAR granted under this Plan but which cease to be subject to the Option or SAR for any reason other than exercise of the Option or SAR, (b) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that are forfeited or are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price, (c) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that otherwise terminate without such Shares being issued or (d) are surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Award or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award will become available for grant and issuance in connection with subsequent Awards under this Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, Shares that otherwise become available for grant and issuance because of the provisions of this Section 2.2 will not include Shares subject to Awards that initially became available because of the substitution clause in Section 22.2 hereof. 
 
 2.c. Minimum Share Reserve . At all times the Company will reserve and keep available a sufficient number of Shares as will be required to satisfy the requirements of all outstanding Awards granted under this Plan. 
 
 2.d. Automatic Share Reserve Increase . The number of Shares available for grant and issuance under the Plan will be increased on July 1 st of each of the first ten (10) fiscal years during the term of the Plan by the lesser of (a) five percent (5 of the number of shares of all classes of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding on each June 30 th immediately prior to the date of increase or (b) such number of Shares determined by the Board. 
 2.e. ISO Limitation . No more than Twenty-One Million Three Hundred Thousand (21,300,000) Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs granted under the Plan. 
 
 2.f. Adjustment of Shares . If the number or class of outstanding Shares is changed by a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or distribution (whether in cash, shares, or other property, other than a regular cash dividend), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, consolidation, reclassification, spin-off, or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, without 
 1 

consideration, then (a) the number and class of Shares reserved for issuance and future grant under the Plan set forth in Section 2.1, including Shares reserved under sub-clauses (a)-(e) of Section 2.1, (b) the Exercise Prices of and number and class of Shares subject to outstanding Options and SARs, (c) the number and class of Shares subject to other outstanding Awards and (d) the maximum number and class of Shares that may be issued as ISOs set forth in Section 2.5, will be proportionately adjusted, subject to any required action by the Board or the stockholders of the Company and in compliance with applicable securities laws, provided that fractions of a Share will not be issued. 
 
 If, by reason of an adjustment pursuant to this Section 2.6, a Participant s Award Agreement or other agreement related to any Award, or the Shares subject to such Award, covers additional or different shares of stock or securities, then such additional or different shares, and the Award Agreement or such other agreement in respect thereof, will be subject to all of the terms, conditions, and restrictions which were applicable to the Award or the Shares subject to such Award prior to such adjustment. 
 
 3. ELIGIBILITY . ISOs may be granted only to Employees. All other Awards may be granted to Employees, Consultants, Directors, and Non-Employee Directors, provided that such Consultants, Directors, and Non-Employee Directors render bona fide services not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction. 
 
 4. ADMINISTRATION . 
 
 4.a. Committee Composition Authority . This Plan will be administered by the Committee or by the Board acting as the Committee. Subject to the general purposes, terms, and conditions of this Plan, and to the direction of the Board, the Committee will have full power to implement and carry out this Plan, except, however, the Board will establish the terms for the grant of an Award to Non-Employee Directors. The Committee will have the authority to 
 
 (i) construe and interpret this Plan, any Award Agreement, and any other agreement or document executed pursuant to this Plan 
 
 (ii) prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Plan or any 
 Award 
 
 (iii) select persons to receive Awards 
 
 (iv) determine the form and terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the Exercise Price, the time or times when Awards may vest and be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria) or settled, any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, the method to satisfy tax withholding obligations or any other tax liability legally due, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Committee will determine 
 
 (v) determine the number of Shares or other consideration subject to Awards 
 
 2 

(vi) determine the Fair Market Value in good faith and interpret the applicable provisions of this Plan and the definition of Fair Market Value in connection with circumstances that impact the Fair Market Value, if necessary 
 
 (vii) determine whether Awards will be granted singly, in combination with, in tandem with, in replacement of, or as alternatives to, other Awards under this Plan or any other incentive or compensation plan of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate 
 
 (viii) grant waivers of Plan or Award conditions 
 
 (ix) determine the vesting, exercisability, and payment of Awards 
 
 (x) correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan, any Award or any Award Agreement 
 
 (xi) determine whether an Award has been vested and or earned 
 
 (xii) determine the terms and conditions of any, and to institute any Exchange Program 
 
 (xiii) reduce or modify any criteria with respect to Performance Factors 
 
 (xiv) adjust Performance Factors to take into account changes in law and accounting or tax rules as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to reflect the impact of extraordinary or unusual items, events, or circumstances to avoid windfalls or hardships 
 
 (xv) adopt terms and conditions, rules, and or procedures (including the adoption of any subplan under this Plan) relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to accommodate requirements of local law and procedures outside of the United States or to qualify Awards for special tax treatment under laws of jurisdictions other than the United States 
 
 (xvi) exercise discretion with respect to Performance Awards 
 
 (xvii) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this 
 Plan and 
 
 (xviii) delegate any of the foregoing to a subcommittee or to one or more executive officers pursuant to a specific delegation as permitted by applicable law, including Section 157(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
 1.a. Committee Interpretation and Discretion . Any determination made by the Committee with respect to any Award will be made in its sole discretion at the time of grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan or Award, at any later time, and such determination will be final and binding on the Company and all persons having an interest in any Award under the Plan. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of the Plan or any Award Agreement will be submitted by the Participant or Company to the Committee for review. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee will be final and binding on the Company and the Participant. The Committee may delegate to one or more executive officers the authority to review and resolve disputes with respect to Awards held by Participants who are not Insiders, and such resolution will be final and binding on the Company and the Participant. 
 
 3 

1.b. Section 16 of the Exchange Act . Awards granted to Participants who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act must be approved by two or more non-employee directors (as defined in the regulations promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act). 
 
 1.c. Documentation . The Award Agreement for a given Award, the Plan, and any other documents may be delivered to, and accepted by, a Participant or any other person in any manner (including electronic distribution or posting) that meets applicable legal requirements. 
 
 1.d. Foreign Award Recipients . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws and practices in other countries in which the Company, its Subsidiaries, and Affiliates operate or have Employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Committee, in its sole discretion, will have the power and authority to (a) determine which Subsidiaries and Affiliates will be covered by the Plan (b) determine which individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan, which may include individuals who provide services to the Company, Subsidiary or Affiliate under an agreement with a foreign nation or agency (c) modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States or foreign nationals to comply with applicable foreign laws, policies, customs, and practices (d) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures, vesting conditions, and other terms and procedures to the extent the Committee determines such actions to be necessary or advisable (and such subplans and or modifications will be attached to this Plan as appendices, if necessary) and (e) take any action, before or after an Award is made, that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals, provided, however, that no action taken under this Section 4.5 will increase the Share limitations contained in Section 2.1 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards will be granted, that would violate the Exchange Act or any other applicable United States securities law, the Code, or any other applicable United States governing statute or law. 
 
 5. OPTIONS . An Option is the right but not the obligation to purchase a Share, subject to certain conditions, if applicable. The Committee may grant Options to eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and will determine whether such Options will be Incentive Stock Options within the meaning of the Code ISOs or Nonqualified Stock Options NSOs ), the number of Shares subject to the Option, the Exercise Price of the Option, the period during which the Option may vest and be exercised, and all other terms and conditions of the Option, subject to the following terms of this section. 
 
 5.a. Option Grant . Each Option granted under this Plan will identify the Option as an ISO or an NSO. An Option may be, but need not be, awarded upon satisfaction of such Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s individual Award Agreement. If the Option is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will (a) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for each Option and (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Options that are subject to different performance goals and other criteria. 
 
 5.b. Date of Grant . The date of grant of an Option will be the date on which the Committee makes the determination to grant such Option, or a specified future date. The Award Agreement will be delivered to the Participant within a reasonable time after the granting of the Option. 
 
 5.c. Exercise Period . Options may be vested and exercisable within the times or upon the conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement governing such Option, provided, however, that no Option will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the Option is granted and provided further that no ISO granted to a person who, at the time the ISO is granted, directly or by attribution owns more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or 
 
 4 

of any Parent or Subsidiary Ten Percent Stockholder will be exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the date the ISO is granted. The Committee also may provide for Options to become exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise, in such number of Shares or percentage of Shares as the Committee determines. 
 
 5.d. Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of an Option will be determined by the Committee when the Option is granted, provided that (a) the Exercise Price of an Option will be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant, and (b) the Exercise Price of any ISO granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder will not be less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant. Payment for the Shares purchased may be made in accordance with Section 12 and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company. 
 
 5.e. Method of Exercise . Any Option granted hereunder will be vested and exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives (a) notice of exercise (in such form as the Committee may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option (and or via electronic execution through the authorized third-party administrator), and (b) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Committee and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 2.6 of the Plan. Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. 
 
 5.f. Termination of Service . If the Participant s Service terminates for any reason except for Cause or the Participant s death or Disability, then the Participant may exercise such Participant s Options only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participant s Service terminates no later than three (3) months after the date Participant s Service terminates (or such shorter or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, with any exercise beyond three (3) months after the date Participant s employment terminates deemed to be the exercise of an NSO), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 
 (i) Death . If the Participant s Service terminates because of the Participant s death (or the Participant dies within three (3) months after Participant s Service terminates other than for Cause or because of the Participant s Disability), then the Participant s Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participant s Service terminates and must be exercised by the Participant s legal representative, or authorized assignee, no later than twelve (12) months after the date Participant s Service terminates (or such shorter or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 
 (ii) Disability . If the Participant s Service terminates because of the Participant s Disability, then the Participant s Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participant s Service terminates and must be exercised by the Participant (or the Participant s legal representative or authorized assignee) no later than twelve 12) 
 
 5 

months after the date Participant s Service terminate s (or such shorter time period not less than six (6) months or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, with any exercise beyond (a) three 
 (3) months after the date Participant s employment terminates when the termination of Service is for a Disability that is not a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code or 
 (b) twelve (12) months after the date Participant s employment terminates when the termination of Service is for a Disability that is a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, deemed to be exercise of an NSO), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 
 (iii) Cause . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, if the Participant s Service terminates for Cause, then Participant s Options (whether or not vested) will expire on the date of termination of Participant s Service if the Committee has reasonably determined in good faith that such cessation of Services has resulted in connection with an act or failure to act constituting Cause (or such Participant s Services could have been terminated for Cause (without regard to the lapsing of any required notice or cure periods in connection therewith) at the time such Participant terminated Service), or at such later time and on such conditions as are determined by the Committee, but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. Unless otherwise provided in an employment agreement, Award Agreement, or other applicable agreement, Cause will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 
 5.g. Limitations on ISOs . With respect to Awards granted as ISOs, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which such ISOs are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), such Options will be treated as NSOs. For purposes of this Section 5.8, ISOs will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. In the event that the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder are amended after the Effective Date to provide for a different limit on the Fair Market Value of Shares permitted to be subject to ISOs, such different limit will be automatically incorporated herein and will apply to any Options granted after the effective date of such amendment. 
 
 5.h. Modification, Extension or Renewal . The Committee may modify, extend, or renew outstanding Options and authorize the grant of new Options in substitution therefor, provided that any such action may not, without the written consent of a Participant, impair any of such Participant s rights under any Option previously granted. Any outstanding ISO that is modified, extended, renewed, or otherwise altered will be treated in accordance with Section 424(h) of the Code. Subject to Section 19 of this Plan, by written notice to affected Participants, the Committee may reduce the Exercise Price of outstanding Options without the consent of such Participants, provided, however, that the Exercise Price may not be reduced below the Fair Market Value on the date the action is taken to reduce the Exercise Price. 
 
 5.i. No Disqualification . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, no term of this Plan relating to ISOs will be interpreted, amended, or altered, nor will any discretion or authority granted under this Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify this Plan under Section 422 of the Code or, without the consent of the Participant affected, to disqualify any ISO under Section 422 of the Code. 
 
 6. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . A Restricted Stock Unit RSU is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director covering a number of Shares that may be settled by issuance of those Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock) or in cash. All RSUs will be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. 
 
 6.a. Terms of RSUs . The Committee will determine the terms of an RSU including, without limitation (a) the number of Shares subject to the RSU, (b) the time or times during which the RSU may 
 
 6 

be settled, (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement, and (d) the effect of the Participant s termination of Service on each RSU, provided that no RSU will have a term longer than ten (10) years. An RSU may be awarded upon satisfaction of such performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s Award Agreement. If the RSU is being earned upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will (i) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for the RSU (ii) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any and (iii) determine the number of Shares deemed subject to the RSU. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to RSUs that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 
 6.b. Form and Timing of Settlement . Payment of earned RSUs will be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may settle earned RSUs in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. The Committee may also permit a Participant to defer payment under a RSU to a date or dates after the RSU is earned, provided that the terms of the RSU and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the extent applicable. 
 
 6.c. Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 
 7. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS . A Restricted Stock Award is an offer by the Company to sell to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director Shares that are subject to restrictions Restricted Stock ). The Committee will determine to whom an offer will be made, the number of Shares the Participant may purchase, the Purchase Price, the restrictions under which the Shares will be subject, and all other terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award, subject to the Plan. 
 
 7.a. Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement . All purchases under a Restricted Stock Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant accepts a Restricted Stock Award by signing and delivering to the Company an Award Agreement with full payment of the Purchase Price, within thirty (30) days from the date the Award Agreement was delivered to the Participant. If the Participant does not accept such Award within thirty (30) days, then the offer of such Restricted Stock Award will terminate, unless the Committee determines otherwise. 
 
 7.b. Purchase Price . The Purchase Price for a Restricted Stock Award will be determined by the Committee and may be less than Fair Market Value on the date the Restricted Stock Award is granted. Payment of the Purchase Price must be made in accordance with Section 12 of the Plan, and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company. 
 
 7.c. Terms of Restricted Stock Awards . Restricted Stock Awards will be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose or are required by law. These restrictions may be based on completion of a specified period of Service with the Company or upon completion of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant s Award Agreement. Prior to the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Committee will (a) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for the Restricted Stock Award (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals, if any and (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Restricted Stock Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and having different performance goals and other criteria. 
 
 7 

7.d. Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 
 8. STOCK BONUS AWARDS . A Stock Bonus Award is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director of Shares for Services to be rendered or for past Services already rendered to the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate. All Stock Bonus Awards will be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. No payment from the Participant will be required for Shares awarded pursuant to a Stock Bonus Award. 
 
 8.a. Terms of Stock Bonus Awards . The Committee will determine the number of Shares to be awarded to the Participant under a Stock Bonus Award and any restrictions thereon. These restrictions may be based upon completion of a specified period of Service with the Company or upon satisfaction of performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant s Stock Bonus Agreement. Prior to the grant of any Stock Bonus Award the Committee will (a) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for the Stock Bonus Award (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals and 
 (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Stock Bonus Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 
 8.b. Form of Payment to Participant . Payment may be made in the form of cash, whole Shares, or a combination thereof, based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares earned under a Stock Bonus Award on the date of payment, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 
 8.c. Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 
 9. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS . A Stock Appreciation Right SAR is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director that may be settled in cash or Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock) having a value equal to (a) the difference between the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price multiplied by (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is being settled (subject to any maximum number of Shares that may be issuable as specified in an Award Agreement). All SARs will be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. 
 
 9.a. Terms of SARs . The Committee will determine the terms of each SAR including, without limitation (a) the number of Shares subject to the SAR, (b) the Exercise Price and the time or times during which the SAR may be settled, (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement of the SAR, and (d) the effect of the Participant s termination of Service on each SAR. The Exercise Price of the SAR will be determined by the Committee when the SAR is granted and may not be less than Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant. A SAR may be awarded upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s individual Award Agreement. If the SAR is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will (i) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period for each SAR and (ii) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to SARs that are subject to different Performance Factors and other criteria. 
 
 9.b. Exercise Period and Expiration Date . A SAR will be exercisable within the times or upon the occurrence of events determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement governing 
 
 8 

such SAR. The SAR Agreement will set forth the expiration date, provided that no SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the SAR is granted. The Committee may also provide for SARs to become exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise (including, without limitation, upon the attainment during a Performance Period of performance goals based on Performance Factors), in such number of Shares or percentage of the Shares subject to the SAR as the Committee determines. Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on the date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 5.6 also will apply to SARs. 
 
 9.c. Form of Settlement . Upon exercise of a SAR, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying (a) the difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price, by (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. At the discretion of the Committee, the payment from the Company for the SAR exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. The portion of a SAR being settled may be paid currently or on a deferred basis with such interest, if any, as the Committee determines, provided that the terms of the SAR and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the extent applicable. 
 
 9.d. Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on the date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 
 10. PERFORMANCE AWARDS . 
 
 10.a. Types of Performance Awards . A Performance Award is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director that is based upon the attainment of performance goals, as established by the Committee, and other terms and conditions specified by the Committee, and may be settled in cash, Shares (which may consist of, without limitation, Restricted Stock), other property, or any combination thereof. Grants of Performance Awards will be made pursuant to an Award Agreement that cites Section 10 of the Plan. 
 
 (i) Performance Shares . The Committee may grant Awards of Performance Shares, designate the Participants to whom Performance Shares are to be awarded, and determine the number of Performance Shares and the terms and conditions of each such Award. Performance Shares will consist of a unit valued by reference to a designated number of Shares, the value of which may be paid to the Participant by delivery of Shares or, if set forth in the instrument evidencing the Award, of such property as the Committee will determine, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other property, or any combination thereof, upon the attainment of performance goals, as established by the Committee, and other terms and conditions specified by the Committee. The amount to be paid under an Award of Performance Shares may be adjusted on the basis of such further consideration as the Committee will determine in its sole discretion. 
 
 (ii) Performance Units . The Committee may grant Awards of Performance Units, designate the Participants to whom Performance Units are to be awarded, and determine the number of Performance Units and the terms and conditions of each such Award. Performance Units will consist of a unit valued by reference to a designated amount of property other than Shares, which value may be paid to the Participant by delivery of such property as the Committee will determine, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other property, or any combination thereof, upon the attainment of performance goals, as established by the Committee, and other terms and conditions specified by the Committee. 
 
 (iii) Cash-Settled Performance Awards . The Committee may also grant cash-based Performance Awards to Participants under the terms of this Plan. Such awards will be based on the 
 
 9 

attainment of performance goals using the Performance Factors within this Plan that are established by the Committee for the relevant performance period. 
 
 10.b. Terms of Performance Awards . The Committee will determine, and each Award Agreement will set forth, the terms of each Performance Award including, without limitation (a) the amount of any cash bonus, (b) the number of Shares deemed subject to an award of Performance Shares, 
 (c) the Performance Factors and Performance Period that will determine the time and extent to which each award of Performance Shares will be settled, (d) the consideration to be distributed on settlement, and (e) the effect of the Participant s termination of Service on each Performance Award. In establishing Performance Factors and the Performance Period the Committee will (i) determine the nature, length, and starting date of any Performance Period (ii) select from among the Performance Factors to be used and 
 (iii) determine the number of Shares deemed subject to the award of Performance Shares. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. Prior to settlement the Committee will determine the extent to which Performance Awards have been earned. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Performance Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 
 10.c. Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on the date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 
 11. CASH AWARDS . A Cash Award Cash Award is an award that is denominated in, or payable to an eligible Participant solely in, cash, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan. Cash Awards shall be subject to the terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, from time to time. Awards granted pursuant to this Section 11 may be granted with value and payment contingent upon the achievement of Performance Factors. 
 
 12. PAYMENT FOR SHARE PURCHASES . Payment from a Participant for Shares purchased pursuant to this Plan may be made in cash or by check or, where expressly approved for the Participant by the Committee and where permitted by law (and to the extent not otherwise set forth in the applicable Award Agreement) 
 
 (1) by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to the Participant 
 
 (2) by surrender of shares of the Company held by the Participant that have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Award will be exercised or settled 
 
 (3) by waiver of compensation due or accrued to the Participant for services rendered or to be rendered to the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary 
 
 (4) by consideration received by the Company pursuant to a broker-assisted or other form of cashless exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan 
 
 (5) by any combination of the foregoing or 
 
 (6) by any other method of payment as is permitted by applicable law. 
 
 The Committee may limit the availability of any method of payment, to the extent the Committee determines, in its discretion, such limitation is necessary or advisable to comply with applicable law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. 
 
 10 

13. GRANTS TO NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS . 
 
 13.a. General . Non-Employee Directors are eligible to receive any type of Award offered under this Plan except ISOs. Awards pursuant to this Section 13 may be automatically made pursuant to policy adopted by the Board, or made from time to time as determined in the discretion of the Board. No Non- Employee Director may receive Awards under the Plan that, when combined with cash compensation received for service as a Non-Employee Director, exceed Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars 750,000.00) in value (as described below) in any fiscal year. The value of Awards for purposes of complying with this maximum will be determined as follows (a) for Options and SARs, grant date fair value will be calculated using the Company s regular valuation methodology for determining the grant date fair value of Options for reporting purposes, and (b) for all other Awards other than Options and SARs, grant date fair value will be determined by either (i) calculating the product of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant and the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Award, or (ii) calculating the product using an average of the Fair Market Value over a number of trading days and the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Award as determined by the Committee. Awards granted to an individual while he or she was serving in the capacity as an Employee or while he or she was a Consultant but not a Non- Employee Director will not count for purposes of the limitations set forth in this Section 13.1. 
 
 13.b. Eligibility . Awards pursuant to this Section 13 will be granted only to Non-Employee Directors. A Non-Employee Director who is elected or re-elected as a member of the Board will be eligible to receive an Award under this Section 13. 
 
 13.c. Vesting, Exercisability and Settlement . Except as set forth in Section 22, Awards will vest, become exercisable, and be settled as determined by the Board. With respect to Options and SARs, the exercise price granted to Non-Employee Directors will not be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time that such Option or SAR is granted. 
 
 13.d. Election to Receive Awards in Lieu of Cash . A Non-Employee Director may elect to receive his or her annual retainer payments and or meeting fees from the Company in the form of cash or Awards or a combination thereof, if permitted, and as determined, by the Committee. Such Awards will be issued under the Plan. An election under this Section 13.4 will be filed with the Company on the form prescribed by the Company. 
 
 14. WITHHOLDING TAXES . 
 
 14.a. Withholding Generally . Whenever Shares are to be issued in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan or a tax event occurs, the Company may require the Participant to remit to the Company, or to the Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate, as applicable, employing the Participant an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable U.S. federal, state, local, and international income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items (the Tax-Related Items legally due from the Participant prior to the delivery of Shares pursuant to exercise or settlement of any Award. Whenever payments in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan are to be made in cash, such payment will be net of an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld and such Shares will be valued based on the value of the actual trade or, if there is none, the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the previous trading day. 
 
 14.b. Stock Withholding . The Committee, or its delegate(s), as permitted by applicable law, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time and to limitations of local law, may require or permit a Participant to satisfy such Tax Related Items legally due from the Participant, in whole or in part by (without limitation) (a) paying cash, (b) having the Company withhold 
 
 11 

otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax-Related Items to be withheld, (c) delivering to the Company already-owned shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax-Related Items to be withheld, or (d) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of otherwise deliverable Shares acquired pursuant to an Award either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company. The Company may withhold or account for these Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including up to the maximum permissible statutory tax rate for the applicable tax jurisdiction, to the extent consistent with applicable laws. 
 
 15. TRANSFERABILITY . Unless determined otherwise by the Committee, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. If the Committee makes an Award transferable, including, without limitation, by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in which the Awards are to be passed to beneficiaries upon the death of the trustor (settlor) or by gift or by domestic relations order to a Permitted Transferee, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Committee deems appropriate. All Awards will be exercisable (a) during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative (b) after the Participant s death, by the legal representative of the Participant s heirs or legatees and (c) in the case of all awards except ISOs, by a Permitted Transferee. 
 
 16. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES . 
 
 16.a. Voting and Dividends . No Participant will have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are issued to the Participant, except for any Dividend Equivalent Rights permitted by an applicable Award Agreement. Any Dividend Equivalent Rights will be subject to the same vesting or performance conditions as the underlying Award. In addition, the Committee may provide that any Dividend Equivalent Rights permitted by an applicable Award Agreement will be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or otherwise reinvested. After Shares are issued to the Participant, the Participant will be a stockholder and have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to such Shares, including the right to vote and receive all dividends or other distributions made or paid with respect to such Shares provided , that if such Shares are Restricted Stock, then any new, additional or different securities the Participant may become entitled to receive with respect to such Shares by virtue of a stock dividend, stock split or any other change in the corporate or capital structure of the Company will be subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock provided , further , that the Participant will have no right to such stock dividends or stock distributions with respect to Unvested Shares, and any such dividends or stock distributions will be accrued and paid only at such time, if any, as such Unvested Shares become vested Shares. The Committee, in its discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement evidencing any Award that the Participant will be entitled to Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Shares underlying an Award during the period beginning on the date the Award is granted and ending, with respect to each Share subject to the Award, on the earlier of the date on which the Award is exercised or settled or the date on which it is forfeited provided , that no Dividend Equivalent Right will be paid with respect to the Unvested Shares, and such dividends or stock distributions will be accrued and paid only at such time, if any, as such Unvested Shares become vested Shares. Such Dividend Equivalent Rights, if any, will be credited to the Participant in the form of additional whole Shares as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on Shares. 
 
 16.b. Restrictions on Shares . At the discretion of the Committee, the Company may reserve to itself and or its assignee(s) a right to repurchase (a Right of Repurchase a portion of any or all Unvested Shares held by a Participant following such Participant s termination of Service at any time within ninety 
 (90) days (or such longer or shorter time determined by the Committee) after the later of the date Participant s Service terminates and the date the Participant purchases Shares under this Plan, for cash 
 
 12 

and or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness, at the Participant s Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the case may be. 
 
 17. CERTIFICATES . All Shares or other securities whether or not certificated, delivered under this Plan will be subject to such stock transfer orders, legends, and other restrictions as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable, including restrictions under any applicable U.S. federal, state, or foreign securities law, or any rules, regulations, and other requirements of the SEC or any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may be listed or quoted, and any non-U.S. exchange controls or securities law restrictions to which the Shares are subject. 
 
 18. ESCROW PLEDGE OF SHARES . To enforce any restrictions on a Participant s Shares, the Committee may require the Participant to deposit all certificates representing Shares, together with stock powers or other instruments of transfer approved by the Committee, appropriately endorsed in blank, with the Company or an agent designated by the Company to hold in escrow until such restrictions have lapsed or terminated, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends referencing such restrictions to be placed on the certificates. Any Participant who is permitted to execute a promissory note as partial or full consideration for the purchase of Shares under this Plan will be required to pledge and deposit with the Company all or part of the Shares so purchased as collateral to secure the payment of the Participant s obligation to the Company under the promissory note, provided, however, that the Committee may require or accept other or additional forms of collateral to secure the payment of such obligation and, in any event, the Company will have full recourse against the Participant under the promissory note notwithstanding any pledge of the Participant s Shares or other collateral. In connection with any pledge of the Shares, the Participant will be required to execute and deliver a written pledge agreement in such form as the Committee will from time to time approve. The Shares purchased with the promissory note may be released from the pledge on a pro rata basis as the promissory note is paid. 
 
 19. REPRICING EXCHANGE AND BUYOUT OF AWARDS . Without prior stockholder approval the Committee may (a) reprice Options or SARs (and where such repricing is a reduction in the Exercise Price of outstanding Options or SARs, the consent of the affected Participants is not required provided written notice is provided to them, notwithstanding any adverse tax consequences to them arising from the repricing), and (b) with the consent of the respective Participants (unless not required pursuant to Section 5.9 of the Plan), pay cash or issue new Awards in exchange for the surrender and cancellation of any, or all, outstanding Awards. 
 
 20. SECURITIES LAW AND OTHER REGULATORY COMPLIANCE . An Award will not be 
 effective unless such Award is in compliance with all applicable U.S. and foreign federal and state securities and exchange control and other laws, rules, and regulations of any governmental body, and the requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may then be listed or quoted, as they are in effect on the date of grant of the Award and also on the date of exercise or other issuance. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, the Company will have no obligation to issue or deliver certificates for Shares under this Plan prior to (a) obtaining any approvals from governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary or advisable and or (b) completion of any registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state, federal, or foreign law or ruling of any governmental body that the Company determines to be necessary or advisable. The Company will be under no obligation to register the Shares with the SEC or to effect compliance with the registration, qualification, or listing requirements of any foreign or state securities laws, exchange control laws, stock exchange, or automated quotation system, and the Company will have no liability for any inability or failure to do so. 
 
 21. NO OBLIGATION TO EMPLOY . Nothing in this Plan or any Award granted under this Plan will confer or be deemed to confer on any Participant any right to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other relationship with, the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate or limit in any way the 
 
 13 

right of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate to terminate Participant s employment or other relationship at any time. 
 
 22. CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS . 
 
 22.a. Assumption or Replacement of Awards by Successor . In the event that the Company is subject to a Corporate Transaction, outstanding Awards acquired under the Plan shall be subject to the agreement evidencing the Corporate Transaction, which need not treat all outstanding Awards in an identical manner. Such agreement, without the Participant s consent, shall provide for one or more of the following with respect to all outstanding Awards as of the effective date of such Corporate Transaction 
 
 (i) The continuation of an outstanding Award by the Company (if the Company is the successor entity). 
 
 (ii) The assumption of an outstanding Award by the successor or acquiring entity (if any) of such Corporate Transaction (or by its parents, if any), which assumption, will be binding on all selected Participants provided that the exercise price and the number and nature of shares issuable upon exercise of any such option or stock appreciation right, or any award that is subject to Section 409A of the Code, will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code and or Section 409A of the Code, as applicable. 
 
 (iii) The substitution by the successor or acquiring entity in such Corporate Transaction (or by its parents, if any) of equivalent awards with substantially the same terms for such outstanding Awards (except that the exercise price and the number and nature of shares issuable upon exercise of any such option or stock appreciation right, or any award that is subject to Section 409A of the Code, will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code and or Section 409A of the Code, as applicable). 
 
 (iv) The full or partial acceleration of exercisability or vesting and accelerated expiration of an outstanding Award and lapse of the Company s right to repurchase or re-acquire shares acquired under an Award or lapse of forfeiture rights with respect to shares acquired under an Award. 
 
 (v) The settlement of the full value of such outstanding Award (whether or not then vested or exercisable) in cash, cash equivalents, or securities of the successor entity (or its parent, if any) with a fair market value equal to the required amount, followed by the cancellation of such Awards provided however, that such Award may be cancelled if such Award has no value, as determined by the Committee, in its discretion. Subject to Section 409A of the Code, such payment may be made in installments and may be deferred until the date or dates the Award would have become exercisable or vested. Such payment may be subject to vesting based on the Participant s continued service, provided that the vesting schedule shall not be less favorable to the Participant than the schedule under which the Award would have become vested or exercisable. For purposes of this Section 22.1(e), the fair market value of any security shall be determined without regard to any vesting conditions that may apply to such security. 
 
 (vi) The cancellation of outstanding Awards in exchange for no consideration. 
 
 The Board shall have full power and authority to assign the Company s right to repurchase or re- acquire or forfeiture rights to such successor or acquiring corporation. In addition, in the event such successor or acquiring corporation (if any) refuses to assume, convert, replace or substitute Awards, as provided above, pursuant to a Corporate Transaction, the Committee will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that such Participant s Award will, if exercisable, be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and such Award will terminate upon the expiration of such period. Awards need not be treated similarly in a Corporate Transaction and treatment may vary from 
 
 14 

Award to Award and or from Participant to Participant. 
 
 22.b. Assumption of Awards by the Company . The Company, from time to time, also may substitute or assume outstanding awards granted by another company, whether in connection with an acquisition of such other company or otherwise, by either (a) granting an Award under this Plan in substitution of such other company s award, or (b) assuming such award as if it had been granted under this Plan if the terms of such assumed award could be applied to an Award granted under this Plan. Such substitution or assumption will be permissible if the holder of the substituted or assumed award would have been eligible to be granted an Award under this Plan if the other company had applied the rules of this Plan to such grant. In the event the Company assumes an award granted by another company, the terms and conditions of such award will remain unchanged except that the Purchase Price or the Exercise Price, as the case may be, and the number and nature of Shares issuable upon exercise or settlement of any such Award will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code). In the event the Company elects to grant a new Option in substitution rather than assuming an existing option, such new Option may be granted with a similarly adjusted Exercise Price. Substitute Awards will not reduce the number of Shares authorized for grant under the Plan or authorized for grant to a Participant in a calendar year. 
 
 22.c. Non-Employee Directors Awards . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, in the event of a Corporate Transaction, the vesting of all Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors will accelerate and such Awards will become exercisable (as applicable) in full prior to the consummation of such event at such times and on such conditions as the Committee determines. 
 
 23. ADOPTION AND STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL . This Plan will be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders, consistent with applicable laws, within twelve (12) months before or after the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. 
 
 24. TERM OF PLAN GOVERNING LAW . Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Plan will become effective on the Effective Date and will terminate ten (10) years from the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. This Plan and all Awards granted hereunder will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (excluding its conflict of laws rules). 
 
 25. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN . The Board may at any time terminate or amend this Plan in any respect, including, without limitation, amendment of any form of Award Agreement or instrument to be executed pursuant to this Plan, provided, however, that the Board will not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, amend this Plan in any manner that requires such stockholder approval, provided further that a Participant s Award will be governed by the version of this Plan then in effect at the time such Award was granted. No termination or amendment of the Plan will affect any then- outstanding Award unless expressly provided by the Committee. In any event, no termination or amendment of the Plan or any outstanding Award may adversely affect any then outstanding Award without the consent of the Participant, unless such termination or amendment is necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, or rule. 
 
 26. NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN . Neither the adoption of this Plan by the Board, the submission of this Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval, nor any provision of this Plan will be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock awards and bonuses otherwise than under this Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 
 
 27. INSIDER TRADING POLICY . Each Participant who receives an Award will comply with any policy adopted by the Company from time to time covering transactions in the Company s securities by 
 
 15 

Employees, officers, and or Directors of the Company, as well as with any applicable insider trading or market abuse laws to which the Participant may be subject. 
 
 28. ALL AWARDS SUBJECT TO COMPANY CLAWBACK OR RECOUPMENT 
 POLICY . All Awards, subject to applicable law, will be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of Participant s employment or other service with the Company that is applicable to officers, Employees, Directors or other service providers of the Company, and in addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law, may require the cancellation of outstanding Awards and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to Awards. 
 
 29. DEFINITIONS . As used in this Plan, and except as elsewhere defined herein, the following terms will have the following meanings 
 
 29.a. Affiliate means (a) any entity that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by, controls, or is under common control with, the Company, and (b) any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case as determined by the Committee, whether now or hereafter existing. 
 
 29.b. Award means any award under the Plan, including any Option, Performance Award, Cash Award, Restricted Stock, Stock Bonus, Stock Appreciation Right, or Restricted Stock Unit. 
 
 29.c. Award Agreement means, with respect to each Award, the written or electronic agreement between the Company and the Participant setting forth the terms and conditions of the Award, and country-specific appendix thereto for grants to non-U.S. Participants, which will be in substantially a form (which need not be the same for each Participant) that the Committee (or in the case of Award agreements that are not used for Insiders, the Committee s delegate(s)) has from time to time approved, and will comply with and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan. 
 
 29.d. Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 29.e. Cash Award means an award as defined in Section 11 and granted under the Plan. 
 
 29.f. Cause means a determination by the Company that the Participant has committed an act or acts constituting any of the following (i) dishonesty, fraud, misconduct or negligence in connection with Participant s duties to the Company, (ii) unauthorized disclosure or use of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, (iii) misappropriation of a business opportunity of the Company, (iv) materially aiding Company competitor, (v) a felony conviction, (vi) failure or refusal to attend to the duties or obligations of the Participant s position (vii) violation or breach of, or failure to comply with, the Company s code of ethics or conduct, any of the Company s rules, policies or procedures applicable to the Participant or any agreement in effect between the Company and the Participant or (viii) other conduct by such Participant that could be expected to be harmful to the business, interests or reputation of the Company. The determination as to whether Cause for a Participant s termination exists will be made in good faith by the Company and will be final and binding on the Participant. This definition does not in any way limit the Company s or any Parent s or Subsidiary s ability to terminate a Participant s employment or services at any time as provided in Section 21 above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the foregoing definition of Cause may, in part or in whole, be modified or replaced in each individual employment agreement, Award Agreement, or other applicable agreement with any Participant, provided that such document supersedes the definition provided in this Section 29.6. 
 
 29.g. Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 16 

29.h. Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or those persons to whom administration of the Plan, or part of the Plan, has been delegated as permitted by law. 
 
 29.i. Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 
 
 29.j. Company means BILL Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor corporation. 
 
 29.k. Consultant means any natural person, including an advisor or independent contractor, engaged by the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate to render services to such entity. 
 
 29.l. Corporate Transaction means the occurrence of any of the following events (a) any Person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the Company s then- outstanding voting securities, provided, however, that for purposes of this subclause (a) the acquisition of additional securities by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the securities of the Company will not be considered a Corporate Transaction (b) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets 
 (c) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation (d) any other transaction which qualifies as a corporate transaction under Section 424(a) of the Code wherein the stockholders of the Company give up all of their equity interest in the Company (except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company), or (e) a change in the effective control of the Company that occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by members of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purpose of this subclause (e), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Corporate Transaction. For purposes of this definition, Persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase, or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any amount constituting deferred compensation (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) would become payable under this Plan by reason of a Corporate Transaction, such amount will become payable only if the event constituting a Corporate Transaction would also qualify as a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, each as defined within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time. 
 
 29.m. Director means a member of the Board. 
 
 29.n. Disability means in the case of incentive stock options, total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code and in the case of other Awards, that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. 
 
 17 

29.o. Dividend Equivalent Right means the right of a Participant, granted at the discretion of the Committee or as otherwise provided by the Plan, to receive a credit for the account of such Participant in an amount equal to the cash, stock, or other property dividends in amounts equal equivalent to cash, stock, or other property dividends for each Share represented by an Award held by such Participant. 
 
 29.p. Effective Date means the day immediately prior to the Company s IPO Registration Date, subject to approval of the Plan by the Company s stockholders. 
 
 29.q. Employee means any person, including officers and Directors, providing services as an employee to the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company. 
 
 29.r. Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 29.s. Exchange Program means a program pursuant to which (a) outstanding Awards are surrendered, cancelled, or exchanged for cash, the same type of Award, or a different Award (or combination thereof) or (b) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is increased or reduced. 
 
 29.t. Exercise Price means, with respect to an Option, the price at which a holder may purchase the Shares issuable upon exercise of an Option and with respect to a SAR, the price at which the SAR is granted to the holder thereof. 
 
 29.u. Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a Share, determined as follows 
 
 (i) if such Common Stock is publicly traded and is then listed on a national securities exchange, its closing price on the date of determination on the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable 
 
 (ii) if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is neither listed nor admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable 
 
 (iii) in the case of an Option or SAR grant made on the IPO Registration Date, the price per share at which Shares are initially offered for sale to the public by the Company s underwriters in the initial public offering of Shares as set forth in the Company s final prospectus included within the registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC under the Securities Act or 
 
 (iv) by the Board or the Committee in good faith. 
 
 29.v. Insider means an officer or Director of the Company or any other person whose transactions in the Company s Common Stock are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 29.w. IPO Registration Date means the date on which the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 in connection with its initial public offering of common stock is declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act. 
 
 29.x. IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 29.y. Non-Employee Director means a Director who is not an Employee of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate. 
 
 18 

29.z. Option means an award of an option to purchase Shares pursuant to Section 5. 
 
 29.aa. Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of such corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 
 29.ab. Participant means a person who holds an Award under this Plan. 
 
 29.ac. Performance Award means an Award as defined in Section 10 and granted under the Plan, the payment of which is contingent upon achieving certain performance goals established by the Committee. 
 
 29.ad. Performance Factors means any of the factors selected by the Committee and specified in an Award Agreement, from among the following measures, either individually, alternatively or in any combination, applied to the Company as a whole or any business unit or Subsidiary, either individually, alternatively, or in any combination, on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis, and measured, to the extent applicable on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to determine whether the performance goals established by the Committee with respect to applicable Awards have been satisfied 
 
 (i) profit before tax 
 
 (ii) billings 
 
 (iii) revenue 
 
 (iv) net revenue 
 
 (v) earnings (which may include earnings before interest and taxes, earnings before taxes, net earnings, stock-based compensation expenses, depreciation, and amortization) 
 
 (vi) operating income 
 
 (vii) operating margin 
 
 (viii) operating profit 
 
 (ix) controllable operating profit or net operating profit 
 
 (x) net profit 
 
 (xi) gross margin 
 
 (xii) operating expenses or operating expenses as a percentage of revenue 
 
 (xiii) net income 
 
 (xiv) earnings per share 
 
 (xv) total stockholder return 
 
 (xvi) market share 
 
 19 

(xvii) return on assets or net assets 
 
 (xviii) the Company s stock price 
 
 (xix) growth in stockholder value relative to a pre-determined index 
 
 (xx) return on equity 
 
 (xxi) return on invested capital 
 
 (xxii) cash flow (including free cash flow or operating cash flows) 
 
 (xxiii) cash conversion cycle 
 
 (xxiv) economic value added 
 
 (xxv) individual confidential business objectives 
 
 (xxvi) contract awards or backlog 
 
 (aa) overhead or other expense reduction (bb) credit rating 
 (cc) strategic plan development and implementation (dd) succession plan development and implementation (ee) improvement in workforce diversity 
 (ff) customer indicators and or satisfaction (gg) new product invention or innovation 
 (hh) attainment of research and development milestones 
 
 (ii) improvements in productivity (jj) bookings 
 (kk) attainment of objective operating goals and employee metrics (ll) sales 
 (mm) expenses 
 
 (nn) balance of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (oo) completion of an identified special project 
 (pp) completion of a joint venture or other corporate transaction 
 
 20 

(qq) employee satisfaction and or retention (rr) research and development expenses 
 (ss) working capital targets and changes in working capital and 
 
 (tt) any other metric that is capable of measurement as determined by the Committee. 
 
 1. The Committee may provide for one or more equitable adjustments to the Performance Factors to preserve the Committee s original intent regarding the Performance Factors at the time of the initial award grant, such as but not limited to, adjustments in recognition of unusual or non-recurring items such as acquisition related activities or changes in applicable accounting rules. It is within the sole discretion of the Committee to make or not make any such equitable adjustments. 
 
 29.ae. Performance Period means one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and overlapping durations, as the Committee may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Factors will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to, and the payment of, a Performance Award. 
 
 29.af. Performance Share means an Award as defined in Section 10 and granted under the Plan, the payment of which is contingent upon achieving certain performance goals established by the Committee. 
 
 29.ag. Performance Unit means an Award as defined in Section 10 and granted under the Plan, the payment of which is contingent upon achieving certain performance goals established by the Committee. 
 
 29.ah. Permitted Transferee means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law (including adoptive relationships) of the Employee, any person sharing the Employee s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons (or the Employee) have more than 50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Employee) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Employee) own more than 50 of the voting interests. 
 
 29.ai. Plan means this BILL Holdings, Inc., 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 29.aj. Purchase Price means the price to be paid for Shares acquired under the Plan, other than Shares acquired upon exercise of an Option or SAR. 
 
 29.ak. Restricted Stock Award means an Award as defined in Section 6 and granted under the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 
 
 29.al. Restricted Stock Unit means an Award as defined in Section 9 and granted under the 
 Plan. 
 
 29.am. SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 29.an. Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 21 

29.ao. Service will mean service as an Employee, Consultant, Director, or Non-Employee Director, to the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate, subject to such further limitations as may be set forth in the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement. An Employee will not be deemed to have ceased to provide Service in the case of (a) sick leave, (b) military leave, or (c) any other leave of absence approved by the Company, provided that such leave is for a period of not more than ninety (90) days unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, an Employee will not be deemed to have ceased to provide Service if a formal policy adopted from time to time by the Company and issued and promulgated to employees in writing provides otherwise. In the case of any Employee on an approved leave of absence or a reduction in hours worked (for illustrative purposes only, a change in schedule from that of full-time to part-time), the Committee may make such provisions respecting suspension or modification of vesting of the Award while on leave from the employ of the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate or during such change in working hours as it may deem appropriate, except that in no event may an Award be exercised after the expiration of the term set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. In the event of military or other protected leave, if required by applicable laws, vesting will continue for the longest period that vesting continues under any other statutory or Company approved leave of absence and, upon a Participant s returning from military leave, he or she will be given vesting credit with respect to Awards to the same extent as would have applied had the Participant continued to provide Service to the Company throughout the leave on the same terms as he or she was providing Service immediately prior to such leave. An employee will have terminated employment as of the date he or she ceases to provide Service (regardless of whether the termination is in breach of local employment laws or is later found to be invalid) and employment will not be extended by any notice period or garden leave mandated by local law, provided, however , that a change in status from an Employee to a Consultant or Non-Employee Director (or vice versa) will not terminate the Participant s Service, unless determined by the Committee, in its discretion. The Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether a Participant has ceased to provide Service and the effective date on which the Participant ceased to provide Service. 
 
 29.ap. Shares means shares of the Common Stock and the common stock of any successor entity of the Company. 
 
 29.aq. Stock Appreciation Right means an Award defined in Section 8 and granted under the 
 Plan. 
 
 29.ar. Stock Bonus means an Award defined in Section 7 and granted under the Plan. 
 
 29.as. Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 
 29.at. Treasury Regulations means regulations promulgated by the United States Treasury Department. 
 
 29.au. Unvested Shares means Shares that have not yet vested or are subject to a right of repurchase in favor of the Company (or any successor thereto). 
 22 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the BILL Holdings, Inc. (the Company 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same meanings in this Notice of Stock Option Grant and the electronic representation of this Notice of Stock Option Grant established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (this Notice ). 
 Name 
 Address 
 You (the Optionee have been granted an option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Option under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice, and the Stock Option Agreement (the Option Agreement ). 
 Grant Number 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Commencement Date 
 Exercise Price per Share 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Type of Option Non-Qualified Stock Option 
 
 Incentive Stock Option 
 Expiration Date , 20 the Option expires earlier if Optionee s Service terminates earlier, as described in the Option Agreement. 
 Vesting Schedule Subject to the limitations set forth in this Notice, the Plan, and the Agreement, the Option will vest in accordance with the following schedule insert applicable vesting schedule, which may include performance metrics 
 By accepting (whether in writing, electronically, or otherwise) the Option, Optionee acknowledges and agrees to the following 
 1) Optionee understands that Optionee s Service is for an unspecified duration, can be terminated at any time i.e. , is at-will except where otherwise prohibited by applicable law, and that nothing in this Notice, the Option Agreement, or the Plan changes the nature of that relationship. Optionee acknowledges that the vesting of the Option pursuant to this Notice is subject to Optionee s continuing Service. Optionee agrees and acknowledges that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event that Optionee s Service status changes between full- and part-time and or in the event the Optionee is on a leave of absence, in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of Awards or as determined by the Committee. Optionee 
 2) This grant is made under and governed by the Plan, the Agreement, and this Notice, and this Notice is subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the Plan, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. Optionee has read the Notice, the Option Agreement and, the Plan. 
 3) Optionee has read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Optionee acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 
 4) By accepting the Option, Optionee consents to electronic delivery and participation as set forth in the Option Agreement. 

23 

OPTIONEE BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Signature 
 By Print Name 
 Its 

24 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 Unless otherwise defined in this Stock Option Agreement (this Option Agreement ), any capitalized terms used herein will have the same meaning ascribed to them in the BILL Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 
 Optionee has been granted an option to purchase Shares (the Option of BILL Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), subject to the terms, restrictions, and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice ), and this Option Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of the Notice or this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 
 a. Vesting Rights . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, the Option may be exercised, in whole or in part, in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice. Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event Optionee s Service status changes between full and part-time and or in the event Optionee is on a leave of absence, in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of Awards or as determined by the Committee. Optionee acknowledges that the vesting of the Option pursuant to this Notice and Agreement is subject to Optionee s continuing Service. 
 
 b. Grant of Option . Optionee has been granted an Option for the number of Shares set forth in the Notice at the exercise price per Share in U.S. Dollars set forth in the Notice (the Exercise Price ). If designated in the Notice as an Incentive Stock Option ISO ), the Option is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code. However, if the Option is intended to be an ISO, to the extent that it exceeds the U.S. 100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d) it will be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option NSO ). 
 
 c. Termination Period . 
 
 (i) General Rule . If Optionee s Service terminates for any reason except death or Disability, and other than for Cause, then the Option will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date three (3) months after Optionee s Termination Date (as defined below) (with any exercise beyond three (3) months after the date Optionee s employment terminates deemed to be the exercise of an NSO). The Company determines when Optionee s Service terminates for all purposes under this Option Agreement. 
 
 (ii) Death Disability . If Optionee dies before Optionee s Service terminates (or Optionee dies within three (3) months of Optionee s termination of Service other than for Cause), then the Option will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date twelve (12) months after the date of death (subject to the expiration details in Section 7). If Optionee s Service terminates because of Optionee s Disability, then the Option will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date twelve (12) months after Optionee s Termination Date (subject to the expiration details in Section 7). 
 
 (iii) Cause . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Option (whether or not vested) will terminate immediately upon the Optionee s cessation of Services if the Company reasonably determines in good faith that such cessation of Services has resulted in connection with an act or failure to act constituting Cause (or the Optionee s Services could have been terminated for Cause (without regard to the lapsing of any required notice or cure periods in connection therewith) at the time the Optionee terminated Services). 
 25 

(iv) No Notification of Exercise Periods . Optionee is responsible for keeping track of these exercise periods following Optionee s termination of Service for any reason. The Company will not provide further notice of such periods. In no event will the Option be exercised later than the Expiration Date set forth in the Notice. 
 
 (v) Termination . For purposes of this Option, Optionee s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Optionee is no longer providing Service to the Company, its Parent or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or the terms of Optionee s employment agreement, if any) (the Termination Date ). The Committee will have the exclusive discretion to determine when Optionee is no longer actively providing services for purposes of Optionee s Option (including whether Optionee may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence). Unless otherwise provided in this Option Agreement or determined by the Company, Optionee s right to vest in this Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of the Termination Date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , Optionee s period of Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or the terms of Optionee s employment agreement, if any). Following the Termination Date, Optionee may exercise the Option only as set forth in the Notice and this Section, provided that the period (if any) during which Optionee may exercise the Option after the Termination Date, if any, will commence on the date Optionee ceases to provide services and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or terms of Optionee s employment agreement, if any. If Optionee does not exercise this Option within the termination period set forth in the Notice or the termination periods set forth above, the Option will terminate in its entirety. In no event, may any Option be exercised after the Expiration Date of the Option as set forth in the Notice. 
 
 d. Exercise of Option . 
 
 (i) Right to Exercise . The Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. In the event of Optionee s death, Disability, termination for Cause, or other cessation of Service, the exercisability of the Option is governed by the applicable provisions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement. The Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 
 
 (ii) Method of Exercise . The Option is exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice in a form specified by the Company (the Exercise Notice ), which will state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares ), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice will be delivered in person, by mail, via electronic mail or facsimile or by other authorized method to the Secretary of the Company or other person designated by the Company. The Exercise Notice will be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares together with any applicable Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 8 below). The Option will be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by such aggregate Exercise Price and payment of any applicable Tax-Related Items. No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Option unless such issuance and exercise complies with all relevant provisions of law and the requirements of any stock exchange or quotation service upon which the Shares are then listed. Assuming such compliance, for United States income tax purposes the Exercised Shares will be considered transferred to Optionee on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares. 
 
 (iii) Exercise by Another . If another person wants to exercise the Option after it has been transferred to him or her in compliance with this Option Agreement, that person must prove to the Company s satisfaction that he or she is entitled to exercise the Option. That person must also complete the proper Exercise Notice form (as described above) and pay the Exercise Price (as described below) and any applicable Tax-Related Items (as described below). 
 
 26 

e. Method of Payment . Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of Optionee 
 
 (i) Optionee s personal check (or readily available funds), wire transfer, or a cashier s 
 check 
 
 (ii) certificates for shares of Company stock that Optionee owns, along with any forms needed to effect a transfer of those shares to the Company the value of the shares, determined as of the effective date of the Option exercise, will be applied to the Exercise Price. Instead of surrendering shares of Company stock, Optionee may attest to the ownership of those shares on a form provided by the Company and have the same number of shares subtracted from the Option shares issued to Optionee. However, Optionee may not surrender, or attest to the ownership of, shares of Company stock in payment of the Exercise Price of Optionee s Option if Optionee s action would cause the Company to recognize compensation expense (or additional compensation expense) with respect to this Option for financial reporting purposes 
 
 (iii) cashless exercise through irrevocable directions to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell all or part of the Shares covered by the Option and to deliver to the Company from the sale proceeds an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price and any applicable Tax-Related Items. The balance of the sale proceeds, if any, will be delivered to Optionee. The directions must be given by signing a special notice of exercise form provided by the Company or 
 
 (iv) other method authorized by the Company 
 
 provided, however, that the Company may restrict the available methods of payment to facilitate compliance with applicable law or administration of the Plan. 
 
 f. Non-Transferability of Option . In general, except as provided below, only Optionee may exercise this Option prior to Optionee s death. Optionee may not transfer or assign this Option, except as provided below. For instance, Optionee may not sell this Option or use it as security for a loan. If Optionee attempts to do any of these things, this Option will immediately become invalid. However, if Optionee is a U.S. taxpayer, Optionee may dispose of this Option in Optionee s will. If Optionee is a U.S. taxpayer and this Option is designated as a NSO in the Notice of Grant, then the Committee may, in its sole discretion, allow Optionee to transfer this Option as a gift to one or more family members. For purposes of this Agreement, family member means a child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in- law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law (including adoptive relationships), any individual sharing Optionee s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which one or more of these individuals have more than 50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which Optionee or one or more of these persons control the management of assets, and any entity in which Optionee or one or more of these persons own more than 50 of the voting interest. In addition, if Optionee is a U.S. taxpayer and this Option is designated as a NSO in the Notice of Grant, then the Committee may, in its sole discretion, allow Optionee to transfer this Option to Optionee s spouse or former spouse pursuant to a domestic relations order in settlement of marital property rights. The Committee will allow Optionee to transfer this Option only if both Optionee and the transferee(s) execute the forms prescribed by the Committee, which include the consent of the transferee(s) to be bound by this Agreement. This Option may not be transferred in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution or court order and may be exercised during Optionee s lifetime only by Optionee, Optionee s guardian, or legal representative, as permitted in the Plan and applicable local laws. The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of Optionee. 
 
 g. Term of Option . The Option will in any event expire on the expiration date set forth in the Notice, which date is no more than ten (10) years after the Date of Grant (five (5) years after the Date of Grant if this option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of Stock Option Grant and Section 5.3 of the Plan applies). 
 
 27 

h. Taxes . 
 
 (i) Responsibility for Taxes . Optionee acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate employing or retaining Optionee (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, or other tax related items related to Optionee s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Optionee Tax-Related Items is and remains Optionee s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Optionee further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of this Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting, or exercise of this Option the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Option to reduce or eliminate Optionee s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Optionee is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Optionee acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. OPTIONEE SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER APPROPRIATELY QUALIFIED IN THE COUNTRY OR COUNTRIES IN WHICH OPTIONEE RESIDES OR IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION. 
 
 (ii) Withholding. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Optionee agrees to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax- Related Items. In this regard, Optionee authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following, all under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance with the Company s Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, if applicable 
 
 1. withholding from Optionee s wages or other cash compensation paid to Optionee by the Company and or the Employer or 
 
 2. withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at exercise of this Option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Optionee s behalf pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) 
 
 3. withholding Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option, provided the Company only withholds the number of Shares necessary to satisfy no more than applicable statutory withholding amounts 
 
 4. Optionee s payment of a cash amount (including by check representing readily available funds or a wire transfer) or 
 
 5. any other arrangement approved by the Committee and permitted under applicable law 
 
 provided, however, that if Optionee is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the method of withholding shall be a mandatory sale (unless the Committee as constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act shall establish an alternate method from alternatives (i) (v) above prior to the Tax-Related Items withholding event). 
 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax- Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including up to the maximum permissible statutory rate for Optionee s tax jurisdiction(s) in which case Optionee will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Shares and will receive a refund of any over- withheld amount in cash in accordance with applicable law. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Optionee is deemed to have been issued the full number 
 
 28 

of Exercised Shares notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of satisfying the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Finally, Optionee agrees to pay to the Company and or the Employer any amount of Tax- Related Items that the Company and or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Optionee s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if Optionee fails to comply with Optionee s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 (iii) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares . If Optionee is subject to Tax- Related Items in the United States and sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to an ISO on or before the later of (i) two (2) years after the grant date, or (ii) one (1) year after the exercise date, Optionee will immediately notify the Company in writing of such disposition. Optionee agrees that he or she may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation income recognized from such early disposition of ISO Shares by payment in cash or out any wages or other cash compensation paid to Optionee by the Company and or the Employer. 
 
 i. Nature of Grant . By accepting the Option, Optionee acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (i) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature, and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (ii) the grant of the Option is exceptional, voluntary, and occasional, and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past 
 
 (iii) all decisions with respect to future options or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 (iv) Optionee is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (v) the Option and Optionee s participation in the Plan will not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Employer, and will not interfere with the ability of the Company or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate Optionee s employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (vi) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (vii) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long- service awards, pension or retirement, or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (viii) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Option, and the Shares subject to the Option, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Optionee may provide as a director of a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate 
 
 (ix) the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value if Optionee exercises the Option and acquires Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease, even below the Exercise Price 
 
 29 

(x) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages will arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from Optionee s termination of Service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or the terms of Optionee s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Option to which Optionee is otherwise not entitled, Optionee irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim and releases the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate from any such claim if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Optionee will be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim 
 
 (xi) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits evidenced by this Option Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Shares and 
 
 (xii) neither the Employer, the Company, or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate will be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Optionee s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Optionee pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise. 
 
 (xiii) the following provisions apply only if Optionee is providing services outside the 
 United States 
 
 1. the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and 
 
 2. Optionee acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company, the Employer nor any Parent or Subsidiary or Affiliate will be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Optionee s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Optionee pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercised 
 
 j. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Optionee s participation in the Plan or Optionee s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Optionee acknowledges, understands, and agrees that he or she should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 k. Language . If Optionee has received this Option Agreement, or any other document related to the Option and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 l. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Optionee s participation in the Plan, on the Option, and on any Shares purchased upon exercise of the Option, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Optionee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 m. Acknowledgement . The Company and Optionee agree that the Option is granted under and governed by the Notice, this Option Agreement and the Plan (incorporated herein by reference). Optionee (a) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Plan prospectus, (b) represents that 
 
 30 

Optionee has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the Plan and the Notice. 
 
 n. Entire Agreement Enforcement of Rights . This Option Agreement, the Plan, and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder are superseded. No adverse modification of, or adverse amendment to, this Option Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Option Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Option Agreement (which writing and signing may be electronic). The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Option Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 
 o. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The issuance of Shares and the sale of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and Optionee with all applicable state, federal, local and foreign laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Shares may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. Optionee understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Common Stock with any state, federal, or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, Optionee agrees that the Company will have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Option Agreement without Optionee s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. Finally, the Shares issued pursuant to this Option Agreement will be endorsed with appropriate legends, if any, determined by the Company. 
 
 p. Severability . If one or more provisions of this Option Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision will be excluded from this Option Agreement, (b) the balance of this Option Agreement will be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of this Option Agreement will be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 
 q. Governing Law and Venue . This Option Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto will be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to such state s conflict of laws rules. 
 
 Any and all disputes relating to, concerning or arising from this Option Agreement, or relating to, concerning or arising from the relationship between the parties evidenced by the Plan or this Option Agreement, will be brought and heard exclusively in the United States District Court for the District of Northern California or the Santa Clara Superior Court, Santa Clara County. Each of the parties hereby represents and agrees that such party is subject to the personal jurisdiction of said courts hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts in any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute, and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which such party may now or hereafter have that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute which is brought in such courts is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 
 r. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this Option Agreement will affect in any manner whatsoever any right or power of the Employer or the Company to terminate Optionee s Service, for any reason, with or without Cause. 
 
 s. Lock-Up Agreement . In connection with the initial public offering of the Company s securities and upon request of the Company or the underwriters managing any underwritten offering of the Company s securities, Optionee hereby agrees not to sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any securities of the Company however and whenever acquired 
 
 31 

(other than those included in the registration), except pursuant to a transfer for no consideration in accordance with Section 6 above, without the prior written consent of the Company or such underwriters, as the case may be, for such period of time (not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days) from the effective date of such registration as may be requested by the Company or such managing underwriters and to execute an agreement reflecting the foregoing as may be requested by the underwriters at the time of the public offering provided however that, if during the last seventeen (17) days of the restricted period the Company issues an earnings release or material news or a material event relating to the Company occurs, or prior to the expiration of the restricted period the Company announces that it will release earnings results during the sixteen (16)-day period beginning on the last day of the restricted period, then, upon the request of the managing underwriter, to the extent required by any Financial Industry Regulatory Authority rules, the restrictions imposed by this Section shall continue to apply until the end of the third trading day following the expiration of the fifteen (15)-day period beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of the material news or material event. In no event will the restricted period extend beyond two hundred sixteen (216) days after the effective date of the registration statement. 
 
 t. Consent to Electronic Delivery of All Plan Documents and Disclosures . By Optionee s acceptance of the Notice (whether in writing or electronically), Optionee and the Company agree that the Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement. Optionee has reviewed the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing the Notice and Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice, and this Option Agreement. Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Optionee s residence address. By acceptance of the Option, Optionee agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company and consents to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this Option Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements), or other communications or information related to the Option and current or future participation in the Plan. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to the Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail, or such other delivery determined at the Company s discretion. Optionee acknowledges that Optionee may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if Optionee contacts the Company by telephone, through a postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Optionee further acknowledges that Optionee will be provided with a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails similarly, Optionee understands that Optionee must provide on request to the Company or any designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, Optionee understands that Optionee s consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic mail address to which documents are delivered (if Optionee has provided an electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Finally, Optionee understands that Optionee is not required to consent to electronic delivery if local laws prohibit such consent. 
 
 u. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . Optionee acknowledges that, depending on Optionee s country, Optionee may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect Optionee s ability to acquire or sell the Shares or rights to Shares under the Plan during such times as Optionee is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in Optionee s country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Optionee acknowledges that it is Optionee s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions and understands that Optionee should consult his or her personal legal advisor on such matters. In addition, Optionee acknowledges that he or she has read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and 
 32 

agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Optionee acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 
 
 v. Award Subject to Company Clawback or Recoupment . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Option will be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of Optionee s employment or other Service that is applicable to Optionee. In addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law, the Company may require the cancellation of Optionee s Option (whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to Optionee s Option. 
 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS OPTION, OPTIONEE AGREES TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 
 
 33 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the BILL Holdings, Inc. (the Company 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same meanings in this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award and the electronic representation of this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (this Notice ). 
 Name 
 Address 
 You (the Participant have been granted an award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the attached Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 Grant Number 
 
 Number of RSUs 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Commencement Date 
 Expiration Date The earlier to occur of (a) the date on which settlement of all RSUs granted 
 hereunder occurs, and (b) the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. This RSU expires earlier if Participant s Service terminates earlier, as described in the Agreement. 
 Vesting Schedule Subject to the limitations set forth in this Notice, the Plan, and the Agreement, 
 the RSUs will vest in accordance with the following schedule insert applicable vesting schedule, which may include performance metrics 
 By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the RSUs, Participant acknowledges and agrees to the following 
 
 1) Participant understands that Participant s Service is for an unspecified duration, can be terminated at any time i.e. , is at-will ), except where otherwise prohibited by applicable law, and that nothing in this Notice, the Agreement, or the Plan changes the nature of that relationship. Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the RSUs pursuant to this Notice is subject to Participant s continuing Service. Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event that Participant s Service status changes between full- and part- time and or in the event the Participant is on a leave of absence, in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of Awards or as determined by the Committee. 
 2) This grant is made under and governed by the Plan, the Agreement, and this Notice, and this Notice is subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the Plan, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. Participant has read the Notice, the Agreement, and the Plan. 
 3) Participant has read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Participant acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 
 4) By accepting the RSUs, Participant consents to electronic delivery and participation as set forth in the Agreement. 

34 

PARTICIPANT BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 Signature By 
 
 Print Name Its 
 35 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Unless otherwise defined in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement ), any capitalized terms used herein will have the same meaning ascribed to them in the BILL Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 
 Participant has been granted Restricted Stock Units RSUs subject to the terms, restrictions, and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice ), and this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of the Notice or this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 
 a. Settlement . Settlement of RSUs shall be made in the same calendar year as the applicable date of vesting under the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice provided, however, that if a vesting date under the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice occurs in December, then settlement of any RSUs that vest in December shall be made within 30 days of vesting. Settlement of RSUs shall be in Shares. Settlement means the delivery to Participant of the Shares vested under the RSUs. No fractional RSUs or rights for fractional Shares will be created pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 b. No Stockholder Rights . Unless and until such time as Shares are issued in settlement of vested RSUs, Participant will have no ownership of the Shares allocated to the RSUs and will have no rights to dividends or to vote such Shares. 
 
 c. Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents, if any (whether in cash or Shares), will not be credited to Participant, except as permitted by the Committee. 
 
 d. Non-Transferability of RSUs . The RSUs and any interest therein will not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution or court order or unless otherwise permitted by the Committee on a case-by- case basis. 
 
 e. Termination Leave of Absence Change in Status . If Participant s Service terminates for any reason, all unvested RSUs will be forfeited to the Company immediately, and all rights of Participant to such RSUs automatically terminate without payment of any consideration to Participant. Participant s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer providing services (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any) and will not, subject to the laws applicable to Participant s Award, be extended by any notice period mandated under local laws (e.g., Service would not include a period of garden leave or similar period). Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event Participant s service status changes between full- and part-time status and or in the event Participant is on an approved leave of absence in accordance the Company s policies relating to work schedules and vesting of awards or as determined by the Committee. Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the Shares pursuant to this Notice and Agreement is subject to Participant s continued Service. In case of any dispute as to whether termination of Service has occurred, the Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether such termination of Service has occurred and the effective date of such termination (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence). 
 
 f. Taxes . 
 
 (i) Responsibility for Taxes . Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining Participant (the 
 36 

Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the RSUs and the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. PARTICIPANT SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER APPROPRIATELY QUALIFIED IN THE COUNTRY OR COUNTRIES IN WHICH PARTICIPANT RESIDES OR IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION. 
 
 (ii) Withholding . Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following 
 
 1. withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and or the Employer or 
 
 2. withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the RSUs either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) 
 
 3. withholding Shares to be issued upon settlement of the RSUs, provided the Company only withholds the number of Shares necessary to satisfy no more than the maximum applicable statutory withholding amounts 
 
 4. Participant s payment of a cash amount (including by check representing readily available funds or a wire transfer) or 
 5. any other arrangement approved by the Committee and permitted under applicable law all under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance with the Company s 
 Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, if applicable provided however, that if Participant is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the method of withholding shall be a mandatory sale (unless the Committee (as constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall establish an alternate method prior to the taxable or withholding event). 
 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including up to the maximum permissible statutory rate for Participant s tax jurisdiction(s) in which case Participant will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Shares and will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash in accordance with applicable law. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of satisfying the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items. 
 37 

Finally, Participant agrees to pay to the Company and or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company and or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company has no obligation to deliver Shares or proceeds from the sale of Shares to Participant until Participant has satisfied the obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Obligations as described in this Section. 
 
 g. Nature of Grant . By accepting the RSUs, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (i) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (ii) the grant of the RSUs is exceptional, voluntary, and occasional, and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs have been granted in the past 
 
 (iii) all decisions with respect to future RSUs or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 (iv) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (v) the RSUs and Participant s participation in the Plan will not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Employer and will not interfere with the ability of the Company or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate Participant s employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (vi) the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (vii) the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement, or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (viii) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the RSUs, and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate 
 
 (ix) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (x) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages will arise from forfeiture of the RSUs resulting from Participant s termination of Service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the RSUs to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim and releases the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate from any such claim if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant will be deemed 
 
 38 

irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim 
 
 (xi) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the RSUs and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the RSUs or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Shares and 
 
 (xii) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United 
 States 
 
 1. the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose 
 
 2. Participant acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company, the Employer nor any Parent or Subsidiary or Affiliate will be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the RSUs or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 
 
 h. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees he or she should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 i. Language . If Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the RSU and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 j. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 k. Acknowledgement . The Company and Participant agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the Notice, this Agreement, and the Plan (incorporated herein by reference). Participant (a) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Plan prospectus, (b) represents that Participant has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accepts the RSUs subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the Plan and the Notice. 
 
 l. Entire Agreement Enforcement of Rights . This Agreement, the Plan, and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder are superseded. No adverse modification of or adverse amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement (which writing and signing may be electronic). The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 39 

m. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The issuance of Shares and the sale of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and Participant with all applicable state, federal, local and foreign laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Shares may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Common Stock with any state, federal, or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, Participant agrees that the Company will have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this RSU Agreement without Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. Finally, the Shares issued pursuant to this RSU Agreement will be endorsed with appropriate legends, if any, determined by the Company. 
 
 n. Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision will be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of this Agreement will be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of this Agreement will be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 
 o. Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto will be governed, construed, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to such state s conflict of laws rules. 
 Any and all disputes relating to, concerning or arising from this Option Agreement, or relating to, concerning or arising from the relationship between the parties evidenced by the Plan or this Option Agreement, will be brought and heard exclusively in the United States District Court for the District of Northern California or the Santa Clara Superior Court, Santa Clara County. Each of the parties hereby represents and agrees that such party is subject to the personal jurisdiction of said courts hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts in any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute, and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which such party may now or hereafter have that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute which is brought in such courts is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 p. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this Agreement shall create a right to employment or other Service or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment, service contract or relationship with the Company and this Agreement shall not affect in any manner whatsoever any right or power of the Company, or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, to terminate Participant s Service, for any reason, with or without Cause. 
 
 q. Consent to Electronic Delivery of All Plan Documents and Disclosures . By Participant s acceptance of the Notice (whether in writing or electronically), Participant and the Company agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Notice and Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participant s residence address. By acceptance of the RSUs, Participant agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company and consents to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 
 U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to 
 40 

its security holders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements), or other communications or information related to the RSUs and current or future participation in the Plan. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to the Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail, or such other delivery determined at the Company s discretion. Participant acknowledges that Participant may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if Participant contacts the Company by telephone, through a postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Participant further acknowledges that Participant will be provided with a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails similarly, Participant understands that Participant must provide on request to the Company or any designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, Participant understands that Participant s consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic mail address to which documents are delivered (if Participant has provided an electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Finally, Participant understands that Participant is not required to consent to electronic delivery if local laws prohibit such consent. 
 
 r. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that, depending on Participant s country, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or sell the Shares or rights to Shares under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in Participant s country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions and understands that Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor on such matters. In addition, Participant acknowledges that he or she read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Participant acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 
 
 s. Code Section 409A . For purposes of this Agreement, a termination of employment will be determined consistent with the rules relating to a separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder Section 409A ). Notwithstanding anything else provided herein, to the extent any payments provided under this RSU Agreement in connection with Participant s termination of employment constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and Participant is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A, then such payment will not be made or commence until the earlier of (a) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from Participant s separation from service to the Employer or the Company, or (b) the date of Participant s death following such a separation from service provided, however, that such deferral will only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Participant including, without limitation, the additional tax for which Participant would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) in the absence of such a deferral. To the extent any payment under this RSU Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment will be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this section are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 
 t. Lock-Up Agreement . In connection with the initial public offering of the Company s securities and upon request of the Company or the underwriters managing any underwritten offering of the Company s securities, Participant hereby agrees not to sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any securities of the Company however and whenever acquired (other than those included in the registration), except pursuant to a transfer for no consideration in accordance with Section 4 above, without the prior written consent of the Company or such underwriters, 
 
 41 

as the case may be, for such period of time (not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days) from the effective date of such registration as may be requested by the Company or such managing underwriters and to execute an agreement reflecting the foregoing as may be requested by the underwriters at the time of the public offering provided however that, if during the last seventeen (17) days of the restricted period the Company issues an earnings release or material news or a material event relating to the Company occurs, or prior to the expiration of the restricted period the Company announces that it will release earnings results during the sixteen (16)-day period beginning on the last day of the restricted period, then, upon the request of the managing underwriter, to the extent required by any Financial Industry Regulatory Authority rules, the restrictions imposed by this Section shall continue to apply until the end of the third trading day following the expiration of the fifteen (15)-day period beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of the material news or material event. In no event will the restricted period extend beyond two hundred sixteen (216) days after the effective date of the registration statement. 
 
 u. Award Subject to Company Clawback or Recoupment . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the RSUs will be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of Participant s employment or other Service that is applicable to Participant. In addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law, the Company may require the cancellation of Participant s RSUs (whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to Participant s RSUs. 
 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS AWARD OF RSUS, PARTICIPANT AGREES TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 
 42 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 GLOBAL NOTICE OF PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the BILL Holdings, Inc. (the Company 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same meanings in this Global Notice of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award and the electronic representation of this Global Notice of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (this Notice and the Agreement (as defined below). 
 
 Name 
 Address 
 You (the Participant have been granted an award of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PSUs under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice, the performance and vesting terms set forth in Appendix A attached hereto Appendix A and the Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement attached hereto as Appendix B (the Agreement ), and any applicable country-specific provisions set forth in Appendix C attached hereto Appendix C ). This Notice, Appendix A and Appendix C, as applicable, constitute part of the Agreement. 
 Grant Number 
 
 Number of PSUs 
 
 Performance Metric 
 Target Number of PSUs 
 Maximum Number of PSUs 
 ______________ 
 ______________ 
 ______________ 
 Total Number of PSUs 
 ______________ 
 Total Target Number of PSUs 
 ____________ 

Performance Period As set forth in Appendix A. 
 Performance Metric As set forth in Appendix A. 
 Date of Grant 
 Expiration Date The earlier to occur of (a) the date on which settlement of all PSUs granted 
 hereunder occurs, and (b) determination by the Committee that the Performance Metric (as defined in Appendix A) has not been satisfied as of the end of the Performance Period (as defined in Appendix A) and (c) the date that is years after the Date of Grant. This PSU expires earlier if Participant s Service terminates earlier, as described in the Agreement. 
 Vesting Schedule Subject to the limitations set forth in this Notice, the Plan, and the Agreement, 
 the PSUs will vest as set forth in Appendix A. 
 By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the PSUs, Participant acknowledges and agrees to the following 
 
 1) Participant understands that Participant s Service is for an unspecified duration, can be terminated at any time i.e. , is at-will ), except where otherwise prohibited by applicable law, and that nothing in this Notice, the Agreement, or the Plan changes the nature of that relationship. Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the PSUs pursuant 
 
 43 

to this Notice is subject to achievement of the Performance Metric, the certification of such achievement by the Committee, and Participant s continuing Service. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event that Participant s Service status changes between full- and part-time and or in the event the Participant is on a leave of absence, in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of Awards or as determined by the Committee. 
 2) This grant is made under and governed by the Plan, the Agreement, and this Notice, and this Notice is subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the Plan, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. Participant has read the Notice, the Agreement, and the Plan. 
 3) Participant has read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Participant acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 
 4) By accepting the PSUs, Participant consents to electronic delivery and participation as set forth in the Agreement. 

PARTICIPANT BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 Signature By Print Name Its 

Attachments 
 Appendix A Performance and Vesting Terms 
 Appendix B Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Appendix C Country-Specific Provisions for Employees Outside the U.S. (if applicable) 
 44 

APPENDIX A PERFORMANCE AND VESTING TERMS 
 Applicable performance and vesting metrics to be inserted 

45 

APPENDIX B BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 GLOBAL PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Unless otherwise defined in this Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement ), any capitalized terms used herein will have the same meaning ascribed to them in the BILL Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 
 Participant has been granted Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PSUs subject to the terms, restrictions, and conditions of the Plan, the Global Notice of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice ), the performance-based terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A Appendix A ), any applicable country-specific provisions set forth in Appendix C Appendix C and this Agreement. The Notice, Appendix A and Appendix C constitutes part of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of the Notice or this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 
 
 a. Settlement . Settlement of PSUs shall be made in the same calendar year as the applicable date of vesting under the vesting schedule set forth in Appendix A provided, however, that if a vesting date under the vesting schedule set forth in Appendix A occurs in December, then settlement of any PSUs that vest in December shall be made within 30 days of vesting. Settlement of PSUs shall be in Shares. Settlement means the delivery to Participant of the Shares vested under the PSUs. No fractional PSUs or rights for fractional Shares will be created pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 b. No Stockholder Rights . Unless and until such time as Shares are issued in settlement of vested PSUs, Participant will have no ownership of the Shares allocated to the PSUs and will have no rights to dividends or to vote such Shares. 
 
 c. Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents, if any (whether in cash or Shares), will not be credited to Participant, except as permitted by the Committee. 
 
 d. Non-Transferability of PSUs . The PSUs and any interest therein will not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution or court order or unless otherwise permitted by the Committee on a case-by- case basis. 
 
 e. Termination Leave of Absence Change in Status . Subject to Appendix A, If Participant s Service terminates for any reason, all unvested PSUs will be forfeited to the Company immediately, and all rights of Participant to such PSUs automatically terminate without payment of any consideration to Participant. Participant s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer providing services (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any) and will not, subject to the laws applicable to Participant s Award, be extended by any notice period mandated under local laws (e.g., Service would not include a period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any). Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event Participant s service status changes between full- and part-time status and or in the event Participant is on an approved leave of absence in accordance the Company s policies relating to work schedules and vesting of awards or as determined by the Committee. Participant acknowledges that the vesting of the Shares pursuant to this Notice and Agreement is subject to Participant s continued Service. In case of any dispute as to whether termination of Service has occurred, the Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether such 
 46 

termination of Service has occurred and the effective date of such termination (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence). 
 
 f. Taxes . 
 
 (i) Responsibility for Taxes . Participant acknowledges that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining Participant (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the PSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the PSUs and the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the PSUs to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. PARTICIPANT SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER APPROPRIATELY QUALIFIED IN THE COUNTRY OR COUNTRIES IN WHICH PARTICIPANT RESIDES OR IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION. 
 
 (ii) Withholding . Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as applicable, Participant agrees to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following 
 
 1. withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and or the Employer or 
 
 2. withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the PSUs either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) 
 
 3. withholding Shares to be issued upon settlement of the PSUs, provided the Company only withholds the number of Shares necessary to satisfy no more than the maximum applicable statutory withholding amounts 
 
 4. Participant s payment of a cash amount (including by check representing readily available funds or a wire transfer) or 
 5. any other arrangement approved by the Committee and permitted under applicable law all under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance with the Company s 
 Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, if applicable provided however, that if Participant 
 is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the method of withholding shall be a mandatory sale (unless the Committee (as constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall establish an alternate method prior to the taxable or withholding event). 
 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including 
 47 

up to the maximum permissible statutory rate for Participant s tax jurisdiction(s) in which case Participant will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Shares and will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash in accordance with applicable law. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested PSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of satisfying the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Finally, Participant agrees to pay to the Company and or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company and or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company has no obligation to deliver Shares or proceeds from the sale of Shares to Participant until Participant has satisfied the obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Obligations as described in this Section. 
 
 g. Nature of Grant . By accepting the PSUs, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (i) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (ii) the grant of the PSUs is exceptional, voluntary, and occasional, and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of PSUs, or benefits in lieu of PSUs, even if PSUs have been granted in the past 
 
 (iii) all decisions with respect to future PSUs or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 (iv) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (v) the PSUs and Participant s participation in the Plan will not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Employer and will not interfere with the ability of the Company or the Employer, as applicable, to terminate Participant s employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (vi) the PSUs and the Shares subject to the PSUs, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (vii) the PSUs and the Shares subject to the PSUs, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement, or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (viii) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the PSUs, and the Shares subject to the PSUs, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of a Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate 
 
 (ix) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (x) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages will arise from forfeiture of the PSUs resulting from Participant s termination of Service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration 
 48 

of the grant of the PSUs to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim and releases the Employer, the Company, and any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate from any such claim if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant will be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim 
 
 (xi) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the PSUs and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the PSUs or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Shares and 
 
 (xii) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United 
 States 
 
 1. the PSUs and the Shares subject to the PSUs are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose 
 
 2. Participant acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company, the Employer nor any Parent or Subsidiary or Affiliate will be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the PSUs or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the PSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 
 
 h. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees he or she should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 i. Data Privacy . Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other PSU grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport number or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all PSUs or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 
 Participant understands that Data will be transferred to the Company s broker, or other third party Online Administrator and its affiliated companies or such other stock plan service provider as may be designated by the Company from time to time that is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting his or her local human resources 
 49 

representative. Participant authorizes the Company, the Company s broker, or such other stock plan service provider as may be designated by the Company from time to time, and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her employment status or service with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant PSUs or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 
 Finally, upon request of the Company or the Employer, Participant agrees to provide an executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents) that the Company or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from Participant for the purpose of administering Participant s participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in Participant s country, either now or in the future. Participant understands and agrees that Participant will not be able to participate in the Plan if Participant fails to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 
 j. Language . Participant acknowledges that he or she is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Furthermore, if Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the PSU and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 k. Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the PSUs will be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in Appendix C for Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix C, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix C constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 
 l. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the PSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 m. Acknowledgement . The Company and Participant agree that the PSUs are granted under and governed by the Notice, this Agreement, and the Plan (incorporated herein by reference). Participant (a) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Plan prospectus, (b) represents that Participant has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accepts the PSUs subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the Plan and the Notice. 
 50 

n. Entire Agreement Enforcement of Rights . This Agreement, the Plan, and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder are superseded. No adverse modification of or adverse amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement (which writing and signing may be electronic). The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 
 o. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The issuance of Shares and the sale of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and Participant with all applicable state, federal, local and foreign laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Shares may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Common Stock with any state, federal, or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, Participant agrees that the Company will have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this PSU Agreement without Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. Finally, the Shares issued pursuant to this PSU Agreement will be endorsed with appropriate legends, if any, determined by the Company. 
 
 p. Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision will be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of this Agreement will be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of this Agreement will be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 
 q. Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto will be governed, construed, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to such state s conflict of laws rules. 
 Any and all disputes relating to, concerning or arising from this Option Agreement, or relating to, concerning or arising from the relationship between the parties evidenced by the Plan or this Option Agreement, will be brought and heard exclusively in the United States District Court for the District of Northern California or the Santa Clara Superior Court, Santa Clara County. Each of the parties hereby represents and agrees that such party is subject to the personal jurisdiction of said courts hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts in any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute, and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which such party may now or hereafter have that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning, or arising from such dispute which is brought in such courts is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 r. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this Agreement shall create a right to employment or other Service or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment, service contract or relationship with the Company and this Agreement shall not affect in any manner whatsoever any right or power of the Company, or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, to terminate Participant s Service, for any reason, with or without Cause. 
 
 s. Consent to Electronic Delivery of All Plan Documents and Disclosures . By Participant s acceptance of the Notice (whether in writing or electronically), Participant and the Company agree that the PSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Notice and Agreement, and fully 
 51 

understands all provisions of the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice, and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participant s residence address. By acceptance of the PSUs, Participant agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company and consents to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 
 U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements), or other communications or information related to the PSUs and current or future participation in the Plan. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to the Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail, or such other delivery determined at the Company s discretion. Participant acknowledges that Participant may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if Participant contacts the Company by telephone, through a postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Participant further acknowledges that Participant will be provided with a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails similarly, Participant understands that Participant must provide on request to the Company or any designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, Participant understands that Participant s consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic mail address to which documents are delivered (if Participant has provided an electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service, or electronic mail to Stock Administration. Finally, Participant understands that Participant is not required to consent to electronic delivery if local laws prohibit such consent. 
 
 t. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that, depending on Participant s country of residence, the broker s country, or the country in which the Shares are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to, directly or indirectly, acquire or sell the Shares or rights to Shares under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdiction). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant placed before possessing the inside information. Furthermore, Participant may be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions and understands that Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor on such matters. In addition, Participant acknowledges that he or she read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Participant acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions and understands that Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor on such matters. In addition, Participant acknowledges that he or she read the Company s Insider Trading Policy, and agrees to comply with such policy, as it may be amended from time to time, whenever Participant acquires or disposes of the Company s securities. 
 
 u. Foreign Asset Account, Exchange Control and Tax Reporting . Participant may be subject to foreign asset account, exchange control and or tax reporting requirements as a result of the acquisition, holding and or transfer of Shares or cash resulting from his or her participation in the Plan. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in Participant s country and or repatriate funds received in 
 52 

connection with the Plan within certain time limits or according to specified procedures. Participant acknowledges that he or she is responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable foreign asset account, exchange control and tax reporting requirements and should consult his or her personal legal and tax advisors on such matters. 
 
 v. Code Section 409A . For purposes of this Agreement, a termination of employment will be determined consistent with the rules relating to a separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder Section 409A ). Notwithstanding anything else provided herein, to the extent any payments provided under this PSU Agreement in connection with Participant s termination of employment constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and Participant is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A, then such payment will not be made or commence until the earlier of (a) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from Participant s separation from service to the Employer or the Company, or (b) the date of Participant s death following such a separation from service provided, however, that such deferral will only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Participant including, without limitation, the additional tax for which Participant would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) in the absence of such a deferral. To the extent any payment under this PSU Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment will be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this section are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 
 w. Award Subject to Company Clawback or Recoupment . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the PSUs will be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of Participant s employment or other Service that is applicable to Participant. In addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law, the Company may require the cancellation of Participant s PSUs (whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to Participant s PSUs. 
 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS AWARD OF PSUS, PARTICIPANT AGREES TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 
 53 

APPENDIX C 
 
 BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 GLOBAL PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT COUNTRY SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEES OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 At such time as the Committee issues an PSU under the Plan to a Participant who resides and or works outside of the United States, the Committee may adopt and include in this Appendix additional terms and conditions that govern such PSU. This Appendix forms part of the Agreement. Any capitalized term used in this Appendix without definition will have the meaning ascribed to it in the Notice, the Agreement or the Plan, as applicable. 
 
 If Participant is a citizen or resident of a country, or is considered resident of a country, other than the one in which Participant is currently working, or Participant transfers employment and or residency between countries after the Date of Grant, the Company will, in its sole discretion, determine to what extent the additional terms and conditions included herein will apply to Participant under these circumstances. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 This Appendix also includes information relating to exchange control, securities laws, foreign asset account reporting and other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to Participant s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, foreign asset account reporting and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of the dates set forth below. Such laws are complex and change frequently. As a result, Participant should not rely on the information herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that Participant vests in the PSUs, sells Shares acquired under the Plan or takes any other action in connection with the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to Participant s situation. Participant also should review the tax summary for his or her country which the Company will provide as a supplement to the Plan prospectus. 
 
 Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country, or is considered resident of a country, other than the one in which Participant is currently working and or residing, or Participant transfers employment and or residency after the Date of Grant, the information contained herein may not apply to Participant in the same manner. 
 
 Non-U.S. Country-Specific Provisions 
 
 AUSTRALIA 
 
 As permitted by provision 4.5 of the Plan, the offer and issue of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units to Participants who are resident in Australia Australian Participants will be subject to the rules of the Plan as amended by the terms and conditions below. 

54 

Terms and Conditions 
 
 Risk s. In considering the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units and the Shares that the Australian Participant will hold, you should consider the risk factors that could affect the performance of the Company. You should be aware that there are risks associated with any stock market investment. It is important to recognize that stock prices and dividends might fall or rise. Factors affecting the market price include domestic and international economic conditions and outlook, changes in government fiscal, monetary and regulatory policies, changes in interest rates and inflation rates, the announcement of new technologies and variations in general market conditions and or market conditions which are specific to a particular industry. In addition, share prices of many companies are affected by factors which might be unrelated to the operating performance of the relevant company. Such factors might adversely affect the market price of the Common Stock in the Company. Further, there is no guarantee that the Company s Common Stock will trade at a particular volume or that there will be an ongoing liquid market for the Common Stock, accordingly there is a risk that, should the market for the Common Stock become illiquid, you will be unable to realise your investment. 
 
 You should carefully consider these risks in light of your investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs (including financial and tax issues) and seek professional guidance from your stockbroker, solicitor, accountant, financial adviser or other independent professional adviser before deciding whether to accept the offer of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units or to acquire Shares. 
 
 No financial advice . The Plan and any documents referred to therein do not constitute financial advice. Any advice given by the Company or any of its associated bodies corporate, in relation to Performance- Based Restricted Stock Units, Shares, the Plan and any the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement does not constitute financial advice and does not take into account your objectives, financial situation and needs. 
 
 Calculating values in Australian dollars . Common Stock will be issued in accordance with the terms of the Plan and any the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 
 You can ascertain the market price of a share of Common Stock in the Company in USD from time to time by visiting the NYSE website and completing a price search. 
 
 To determine the par value or the market value of a share of Common Stock in Australian Dollars AUD ), you will need to apply the prevailing USD AUD exchange rate. For example, if the exchange rate is 1 USD 1.5 AUD, and one share of Common Stock has a value of USD 1 on NASDAQ its equivalent value will be AUD 1.50. Please contact your bank for the prevailing USD AUD exchange rate or for an approximate exchange rate published by the Reserve Bank of Australia you can follow this link http www.rba.gov.au statistics frequency exchange-rates.html. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information. If Participant acquires Shares under the Plan upon the vesting of the PSUs and subsequently offers the Shares for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, such an offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law, and Participant should obtain legal advice regarding any applicable disclosure requirements prior to making any such offer. 
 
 Exchange Control Information . If Participant is an Australian resident, exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding A 10,000 and international fund transfers coming into or going 
 55 

out of Australia. If an Australian bank is assisting with the transaction, the bank will file the report on Participant s behalf. If there is no Australian bank involved in the transfer, Participant will be required to file the report. 
 
 Tax Information . Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) applies to the Plan. 
 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 
 As permitted by Section 4.5 of the Plan, the offer and issue of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units to Participants who are resident in New Zealand New Zealand Participants will be subject to the rules of the Plan as amended by the terms and conditions below. 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Warning . This is an offer of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units. Performance-Based Restricted stock units give you a stake in the ownership of BILL Holdings, Inc. If BILL Holdings, Inc. runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. Ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing yourself. The performance-based restricted stock units are not quoted. Accordingly, the trading market for the investment is likely to be limited and you may not be able to sell it. However, shares issued upon vesting of the performance-based restricted stock units will be quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Further information You have a right to receive from BILL Holdings, Inc., free of charge, a copy of BILL Holdings, Inc. s latest annual report, its audited consolidated group financial statements that are prepared for the most recently completed accounting period, and a copy of the auditor s report on those financial statements upon request to BILL Holdings, Inc.. You may obtain a copy of those documents by electronic means on request by contacting stockadmin hq.bill.com or from https investor.bill.com financials quarterly-results default.aspx . 
 Plan rules You can obtain a copy of the Plan here https www.sec.gov Archives edgar data 1786352 000119312519303670 d710902dex104.htm 
 
 Risks. In considering the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units and the Shares that the New Zealand Participant will hold, you should consider the risk factors that could affect the performance of the Company. You should be aware that there are risks associated with any stock market investment. It is important to recognise that stock prices and dividends might fall or rise. Factors affecting the market price include domestic and international economic conditions and outlook, changes in government fiscal, monetary and regulatory policies, changes in interest rates and inflation rates, the announcement of new technologies and variations in general market conditions and or market conditions which are specific to a particular industry. In addition, share prices of many companies are affected by factors which might be unrelated to the operating performance of the relevant company. Such factors might adversely affect the market price of the Common Stock in the Company. Further, there is no guarantee that the Common Stock will trade at a particular volume or that there will be an ongoing liquid market for the Common Stock, accordingly there is a risk that, should the market for the Common Stock become illiquid, you will be unable to realise your investment. 
 
 56 

You should carefully consider these risks in light of your investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs (including financial and tax issues) and seek professional guidance from your stockbroker, solicitor, accountant, financial adviser or other independent professional adviser before deciding whether to accept the offer of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units or to acquire Shares. 
 
 No financial advice . The Plan and any documents referred to therein do not constitute financial advice. Any advice given by the Company or any of its associated bodies corporate, in relation to Performance- Based Restricted Stock Units, Shares, the Plan and any the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement does not constitute financial advice and does not take into account your objectives, financial situation and needs. 
 
 Calculating values in New Zealand dollars . Common Stock will be issued in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Notice and this Agreement. 
 
 You can ascertain the market price of a share of Common Stock in the Company in USD from time to time by visiting the NYSE website and completing a price search. 
 
 To determine the par value or the market value of a share of Common Stock in New Zealand Dollars AUD ), you will need to apply the prevailing USD NZD exchange rate. For example, if the exchange rate is 1 USD 1.5 NZD, and one share of Common Stock has a value of USD 1 on NASDAQ its equivalent value will be NZD 1.50. Please contact your bank for the prevailing USD NZD exchange rate or for an approximate exchange rate published by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand you can follow this link http www.rba.gov.au statistics frequency exchange-rates.html. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . If a New Zealand Participant acquires Shares under the Plan upon the vesting of the PSUs and subsequently offers the Shares for sale to a person or entity resident in New Zealand or in any other jurisdiction, such an offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under New Zealand or other applicable laws, and the New Zealand Participant should obtain legal advice regarding any applicable disclosure requirements prior to making any such offer. 
 
 Tax Information . New Zealand Participants who acquire Shares under the Plan will have tax obligations. New Zealand Participants should obtain professional advice regarding their tax obligations. 
 
 CANADA 
 
 In accordance with section 4.5 of the Plan, the grant of PSUs to a Participant who is a director, officer, or employee and who is an individual who is resident or deemed to be a resident of Canada Canadian Participant for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the Tax Act ), will be subject to the rules of the Plan as amended by the terms and conditions below. 
 
 Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or the Plan Prospectus to the contrary, for Canadian Participants, a Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit shall mean any unit granted under Section 6 of the Plan evidencing the right to receive a Share equal to the fair market value of the Shares of the Company at some future date. Settlement of the PSUs shall only be made in Shares, which have not been previously issued by the Company, and not in whole or in part, in the form of cash or other consideration. 
 
 All amounts related to the acquisition, holding or disposition of Shares must be expressed in Canadian dollars. Amounts denominated in a foreign currency must be converted into Canadian dollars using the appropriate exchange rate determined in accordance with the detailed rules contained in the Tax Act in this 
 
 57 

regard. 
 
 For Canadian federal income tax purposes, the PSU is intended to be treated as an agreement by the Company to sell or issue shares to the Canadian Employee and, as such, is intended to be subject to the rules in section 7 of the Tax Act. Canadian Participants who acquire Shares under the Plan will be subject to tax in Canada in accordance with the Tax Act. Under these rules, you will be considered to have received an employment benefit at the time of settlement equal to the full value of the Shares received, which amount will be taxed as employment income and will be subject to withholding at source. You will be required to make arrangements with the Company to pay for such tax withholdings as contemplated in Section 14 of the Plan. 
 
 Ownership of certain foreign property (including shares of foreign corporations) in excess of 100,000 may be subject to ongoing annual reporting obligations. Please refer to Canada Revenue Agency Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) and consult with your tax advisor for further details. It is your responsibility to comply with all applicable tax reporting requirements. 
 
 Canadian Participants should consult their own financial advisor, legal counsel or accountant regarding the Canadian federal and provincial tax consequences of participation in the Plan. 
 58 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 bill-20230630xex105.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 

Exhibit 10.5 
 BILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 2019 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 1. PURPOSE. BILL Holdings, Inc. adopted the Plan effective as of the Effective Date. The purpose of this Plan is to provide eligible employees of the Company and the Participating Corporations with a means of acquiring an equity interest in the Company, to enhance such employees sense of participation in the affairs of the Company. Capitalized terms not defined elsewhere in the text are defined in Section 28. 
 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF PLAN. The Company proposes to grant rights to purchase shares of Common Stock to eligible employees of the Company and its Participating Corporations pursuant to this Plan. The Company intends this Plan to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Code (including any amendments to or replacements of such Section), and this Plan shall be so construed, although the Company makes no undertaking or representation to maintain such qualification. Any term not expressly defined in this Plan but defined for purposes of Section 423 of the Code shall have the same definition herein. In addition, with regard to offers of options to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan to employees working for a Subsidiary or an Affiliate outside the United States, this Plan authorizes the grant of options under a Non- Section 423 Component that is not intended to meet Section 423 requirements, provided, to the extent necessary under Section 423 of the Code, the other terms and conditions of the Plan are met. 
 Subject to Section 14, a total of One Million Four Hundred Thousand (1,400,000) shares of Common Stock is reserved for issuance under this Plan. In addition, on each July 1 of each fiscal year, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan shall be increased automatically by the number of shares equal to one percent (1 of the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock and shares of preferred stock of the Company outstanding (on an as converted to common stock basis) on the immediately preceding June 30 th (rounded down to the nearest whole share) provided, that the Board or the Committee may in its sole discretion reduce the amount of the increase in any particular year. Subject to Section 14, no more than Fourteen Million (14,000,000) shares of Common Stock may be issued over the term of this Plan. The number of shares initially reserved for issuance under this Plan and the maximum number of shares that may be issued under this Plan shall be subject to adjustments effected in accordance with Section 14. Any or all such shares may be granted under the Section 423 Component. 
 3. ADMINISTRATION. The Plan will be administered by the Committee. Subject to the provisions of this Plan and the limitations of Section 423 of the Code or any successor provision in the Code, all questions of interpretation or application of this Plan shall be determined by the Committee and its decisions shall be final and binding upon all eligible employees and Participants. The Committee will have full and exclusive discretionary authority to construe, interpret and apply the terms of the Plan, to determine eligibility, to designate the Participating Corporations, to determine whether Participating Corporations shall participate in the Section 423 Component or Non-Section 423 Component and to decide upon any and all claims filed under the Plan. Every finding, decision and determination made by the Committee will, to the full extent permitted by law, be final and binding upon all parties. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Plan, the Committee may adopt rules, sub-plans, and or procedures relating to the operation and administration of the Plan designed to comply with local laws, regulations or customs or to achieve tax, securities law or other objectives for eligible employees outside of the United States. The Committee will have the authority to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock (which determination shall be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes) in 
 - 1 - 

accordance with Section 8 below and to interpret Section 8 of the Plan in connection with circumstances that impact the Fair Market Value. Members of the Committee shall receive no compensation for their services in connection with the administration of this Plan, other than standard fees as established from time to time by the Board for services rendered by Board members serving on Board committees. All expenses incurred in connection with the administration of this Plan shall be paid by the Company. For purposes of this Plan, the Committee may designate separate offerings under the Plan (the terms of which need not be identical) in which eligible employees of one or more Participating Corporations will participate, and the provisions of the Plan will separately apply to each such separate offering even if the dates of the applicable Offering Periods of each such offering are identical. To the extent permitted by Section 423 of the Code, the terms of each separate offering under the Plan need not be identical, provided that the rights and privileges established with respect to a particular offering are applied in an identical manner to all employees of every Participating Corporation whose employees are granted options under that particular offering. The Committee may establish rules to govern the terms of the Plan and the offering that will apply to Participants who transfer employment between the Company and Participating Corporations or between Participating Corporations, in accordance with requirements under Section 423 of the Code to the extent applicable. 
 4. ELIGIBILITY. 
 (a) Any employee of the Company or the Participating Corporations is eligible to 
 participate in an Offering Period under this Plan, except that one or more of the following categories of employees shall be excluded from coverage under the Plan by the Committee (other than where such exclusion is prohibited by applicable law) 
 (i) employees who do not meet eligibility requirements that the Committee may choose to impose (within the limits permitted by the Code) and 
 
 (ii) individuals who provide services to the Company or any of its Participating Corporations who are reclassified as common law employees for any reason except for federal income and employment tax purposes. 
 The foregoing notwithstanding, an individual shall not be eligible if his or her participation in the Plan is prohibited by the law of any country that has jurisdiction over him or her, if complying with the laws of the applicable country would cause the Plan to violate Section 423 of the Code, or if he or she is subject to a collective bargaining agreement that does not provide for participation in the Plan. 
 (b) No employee who, together with any other person whose stock would be 
 attributed to such employee pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code, owns stock or holds options to purchase stock possessing five percent (5 or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or its Parent or Subsidiary or who, as a result of being granted an option under this Plan with respect to such Offering Period, would own stock or hold options to purchase stock possessing five percent (5 or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or its Parent or Subsidiary shall be granted an option to purchase Common Stock under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code shall apply in determining share ownership and the extent to which shares held under outstanding equity awards are to be treated as owned by the employee. 
 5. OFFERING DATES. 
 - 2 - 

(a) Each Offering Period of this Plan may be of up to twenty-seven (27) months 
 duration and shall commence and end at the times designated by the Committee. Each Offering Period shall consist of one or more Purchase Periods during which Contributions made by Participants are accumulated under this Plan. 
 (b) The initial Offering Period shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end 
 with the Purchase Date that occurs on a date selected by the Committee which is no more than twenty-seven (27) months after the commencement of the initial Offering period. The initial Offering Period may consist of one to four Purchase Periods. Thereafter, a new Offering Period shall commence on such date selected by the Committee, with each such Offering Period also consisting of one to four separate six (6)-month Purchase Periods, except as otherwise provided by an applicable sub-plan, or on such other date determined by the Committee. The Committee may at any time establish a different duration for an Offering Period or Purchase Period to be effective after the next scheduled Purchase Date, up to a maximum duration of twenty-seven (27) months. 
 6. PARTICIPATION IN THIS PLAN. 
 (a) Any employee who is an eligible employee determined in accordance with Section 4 immediately prior to the initial Offering Period will be automatically enrolled in the initial Offering Period under this Plan for the maximum number of shares of Common Stock purchasable. With respect to subsequent Offering Periods, any eligible employee determined in accordance with Section 4 will be eligible to participate in this Plan, subject to the requirement of Section 6(b) hereof and the other terms and provisions of this Plan. 
 (b) With respect to Offering Periods after the initial Offering Period, a Participant 
 may elect to participate in this Plan by submitting an enrollment agreement prior to the commencement of the Offering Period (or such earlier date as the Committee may determine) to which such agreement relates. 
 (c) Once an employee becomes a Participant in an Offering Period, then such Participant will automatically participate in each subsequent Offering Period commencing immediately following the last day of the prior Offering Period unless the Participant withdraws or is deemed to withdraw from this Plan or terminates further participation in an Offering Period as set forth in Section 11 
 below. A Participant who is continuing participation pursuant to the preceding sentence is not required to file any additional enrollment agreement in order to continue participation in this Plan a Participant who is not continuing participation pursuant to the preceding sentence is required to file an enrollment agreement prior to the commencement of the Offering Period (or such earlier date as the Committee may determine) to which such agreement relates. 
 7. GRANT OF OPTION ON ENROLLMENT. Becoming a Participant with respect to an Offering Period will constitute the grant (as of the Offering Date) by the Company to such Participant of an option to purchase on the Purchase Date up to that number of shares of Common Stock determined by a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount accumulated for such Participant s Contribution book account during such Purchase Period and the denominator of which is the lower of (i) eighty-five percent (85 of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Offering Date (but in no event less than the par value of a share of the Common Stock), or (ii) eighty-five percent (85 of the Fair Market Value of a share of the Common Stock on the Purchase Date provided, however , that for the Purchase Period within the initial Offering Period the numerator shall be fifteen percent (15 of the Participant s compensation for such Purchase Period, or such lower percentage as determined by the Committee prior 
 - 3 - 

to the start of the Offering Period, and provided , further , that the number of shares of Common Stock subject to any option granted pursuant to this Plan shall not exceed the lesser of (x) the maximum number of shares set by the Committee pursuant to Section 10(b) below with respect to the applicable Purchase Date, or (y) the maximum number of shares which may be purchased pursuant to Section 10(a) below with respect to the applicable Purchase Date. 
 8. PURCHASE PRICE. The Purchase Price per share at which a share of Common Stock will be sold in any Offering Period shall be eighty-five percent (85 of the lesser of (a) The Fair Market Value on the Offering Date or 
 (b) The Fair Market Value on the Purchase Date. 
 9. PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE CONTRIBUTION CHANGES SHARE ISSUANCES. 
 (a) The Purchase Price shall be accumulated by regular payroll deductions made 
 during each Offering Period, unless the Committee determines that contributions may be made in another form (including but not limited to with respect to categories of Participants outside the United States that Contributions may be made in another form due to local legal requirements). The Contributions are made as a percentage of the Participant s Compensation in one percent (1 increments not less than one percent (1 ), nor greater than fifteen percent (15 or such lower limit set by the Committee. Compensation shall mean base salary or regular hourly wages however, the Committee shall have discretion to adopt a definition of Compensation from time to time of all cash compensation reported on the employee's Form W-2 or corresponding local country tax return, including without limitation base salary or regular hourly wages, bonuses, incentive compensation, commissions, overtime, shift premiums, pay during leaves of absence, and draws against commissions (or in foreign jurisdictions, equivalent cash compensation). For purposes of determining a Participant s Compensation, any election by such Participant to reduce his or her regular cash remuneration under Sections 125 or 401(k) of the Code (or in foreign jurisdictions, equivalent deductions) shall be treated as if the Participant did not make such election. Contributions shall commence on the first payday following the last Purchase Date (with respect to the initial Offering Period, as soon as practicable following the effective date of filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a securities registration statement for the Plan) and shall continue to the end of the Offering Period unless sooner altered or terminated as provided in this Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of any sub-plan may permit matching shares without the payment of any purchase price. 
 (b) A Participant may decrease the rate of Contributions during an Offering Period 
 by filing with the Company or a third party designated by the Company a new authorization for Contributions, with the new rate to become effective no later than the second payroll period commencing after the Company s receipt of the authorization and continuing for the remainder of the Offering Period unless changed as described below. A decrease in the rate of Contributions may be made twice during the initial Offering Period and once during any subsequent Offering Periods, or more frequently under rules determined by the Committee. A Participant may increase or decrease the rate of Contributions for any subsequent Offering Period by filing with the Company or a third party designated by the Company a new authorization for Contributions prior to the beginning of such Offering Period, or such other time period as specified by the Committee. 
 (c) A Participant may reduce his or her Contribution percentage to zero during an Offering Period by filing with the Company or a third party designated by the Company a request for 
 - 4 - 

cessation of Contributions. Such reduction shall be effective beginning no later than the second payroll period after the Company s receipt of the request and no further Contributions will be made for the duration of the Offering Period. Contributions credited to the Participant s account prior to the effective date of the request shall be used to purchase shares of Common Stock in accordance with Subsection (e) below. A reduction of the Contribution percentage to zero shall be treated as such Participant s withdrawal from such Offering Period and the Plan, effective as of the day after the next Purchase Date following the filing date of such request with the Company. 
 (d) All Contributions made for a Participant are credited to his or her book account 
 under this Plan and are deposited with the general funds of the Company, except to the extent local legal restrictions outside the United States require segregation of such Contributions. No interest accrues on the Contributions, except to the extent required due to local legal requirements. All Contributions received or held by the Company may be used by the Company for any corporate purpose, and the Company shall not be obligated to segregate such Contributions, except to the extent necessary to comply with local legal requirements outside the United States. 
 (e) On each Purchase Date, so long as this Plan remains in effect and provided that 
 the Participant has not submitted a signed and completed withdrawal form before that date which notifies the Company that the Participant wishes to withdraw from that Offering Period under this Plan and have all Contributions accumulated in the account maintained on behalf of the Participant as of that date returned to the Participant, the Company shall apply the funds then in the Participant s account to the purchase of whole shares of Common Stock reserved under the option granted to such Participant with respect to the Offering Period to the extent that such option is exercisable on the Purchase Date. The Purchase Price per share shall be as specified in Section 8 of this Plan. Any fractional share, as calculated under this Subsection (e), shall be rounded down to the next lower whole share, unless the Committee determines with respect to all Participants that any fractional share shall be credited as a fractional share. Any amount remaining in a Participant s account on a Purchase Date which is less than the amount necessary to purchase a full share of the Common Stock shall be carried forward without interest (except to the extent necessary to comply with local legal requirements outside the United States) into the next Purchase Period or Offering Period, as the case may be however, the Committee may determine that such amounts should be refunded without interest. In the event that this Plan has been oversubscribed, all funds not used to purchase shares on the Purchase Date shall be returned to the Participant, without interest (except to the extent required due to local legal requirements outside the United States). No Common Stock shall be purchased on a Purchase Date on behalf of any employee whose participation in this Plan has terminated prior to such Purchase Date, except to the extent required due to local legal requirements outside the United States. 
 (f) As promptly as practicable after the Purchase Date, the Company shall issue 
 shares for the Participant s benefit representing the shares purchased upon exercise of his or her option. 
 (g) During a Participant s lifetime, his or her option to purchase shares hereunder is 
 exercisable only by him or her. The Participant will have no interest or voting right in shares covered by his or her option until such option has been exercised. 
 (h) To the extent required by applicable federal, state, local or foreign law, a Participant shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and the Participating Corporation employing the Participant for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with the Plan. The Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, may withhold, by any method permissible under the applicable law, the amount necessary for the Company or Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, to meet applicable withholding obligations, including any withholding required to make 
 - 5 - 

available to the Company or Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, any tax deductions or benefits attributable to the sale or early disposition of shares of Common Stock by a Participant. The Company shall not be required to issue any shares of Common Stock under the Plan until such obligations are satisfied. 
 10. LIMITATIONS ON SHARES TO BE PURCHASED. 
 (a) Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, no Participant shall purchase Common Stock with a Fair Market Value in excess of the following limit 
 (i) In the case of Common Stock purchased during an Offering Period that 
 commenced in the current calendar year, the limit shall be equal to (A) 25,000 minus (B) the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock that the Participant previously purchased in the current calendar year (under this Plan and all other employee stock purchase plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary). 
 (ii) In the case of Common Stock purchased during an Offering Period that 
 commenced in the immediately preceding calendar year, the limit shall be equal to (A) 50,000 minus (B) the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock that the Participant previously purchased (under this Plan and all other employee stock purchase plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) in the current calendar year and in the immediately preceding calendar year. 
 (iii) In the case of Common Stock purchased during an Offering Period that 
 commenced two calendar years prior, the limit shall be equal to (A) 75,000 minus (B) the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock that the Participant previously purchased (under this Plan and all other employee stock purchase plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) in the current calendar year and in the two immediately preceding calendar years. 
 
 For purposes of this Subsection (a), the Fair Market Value of Common Stock shall be determined in each case as of the beginning of the Offering Period in which such Common Stock is purchased. Employee stock purchase plans not described in Section 423 of the Code shall be disregarded. If a Participant is precluded by this Subsection (a) from purchasing additional Common Stock under the Plan, then his or her Contributions shall automatically be discontinued and shall automatically resume at the beginning of the earliest Purchase Period that will end in the next calendar year (if he or she then is an eligible employee), provided that when the Company automatically resumes such Contributions, the Company must apply the rate in effect immediately prior to such suspension. 
 (b) In no event shall a Participant be permitted to purchase more than Five thousand (5,000) shares on any one Purchase Date or such lesser number as the Committee shall determine. If a lower limit is set under this Subsection (b), then all Participants will be notified of such limit prior to the commencement of the next Offering Period for which it is to be effective. 
 (c) If the number of shares to be purchased on a Purchase Date by all Participants 
 exceeds the number of shares then available for issuance under this Plan, then the Company will make a pro rata allocation of the remaining shares in as uniform a manner as shall be reasonably practicable and as the Committee shall determine to be equitable. In such event, the Company will give notice of such reduction of the number of shares to be purchased under a Participant s option to each Participant affected. 
 (d) Any Contributions accumulated in a Participant s account which are not used to 
 - 6 - 

purchase stock due to the limitations in this Section 10, and not covered by Section 9(e), shall be returned to the Participant as soon as practicable after the end of the applicable Purchase Period, without interest (except to the extent required due to local legal requirements outside the United States). 
 11. WITHDRAWAL. 
 (a) Each Participant may withdraw from an Offering Period under this Plan pursuant 
 to a method specified for such purpose by the Company. Such withdrawal may be elected at any time prior to the end of an Offering Period, or such other time period as specified by the Committee. 
 (b) Upon withdrawal from this Plan, the accumulated Contributions shall be returned 
 to the withdrawn Participant, without interest (except to the extent required due to local legal requirements outside the United States), and his or her interest in this Plan shall terminate. In the event a Participant voluntarily elects to withdraw from this Plan, he or she may not resume his or her participation in this Plan during the same Offering Period, but he or she may participate in any Offering Period under this Plan which commences on a date subsequent to such withdrawal by filing a new authorization for Contributions in the same manner as set forth in Section 6 above for initial participation in this Plan. 
 (c) To the extent applicable, if the Fair Market Value on the first day of the current Offering Period in which a participant is enrolled is higher than the Fair Market Value on the first day of any subsequent Offering Period, the Company will automatically enroll such participant in the subsequent Offering Period. Any funds accumulated in a Participant s account prior to the first day of such subsequent Offering Period will be applied to the purchase of shares on the Purchase Date immediately prior to the first day of such subsequent Offering Period, if any. 
 12. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. Termination of a Participant s employment for any reason, including retirement, death, disability, or the failure of a Participant to remain an eligible employee of the Company or of a Participating Corporation, immediately terminates his or her participation in this Plan (except as required due to local legal requirements outside the United States). In such event, accumulated Contributions credited to the Participant s account will be returned to him or her or, in the case of his or her death, to his or her legal representative, without interest (except to the extent required due to local legal requirements outside the United States). For purposes of this Section 12, an employee will not be deemed to have terminated employment or failed to remain in the continuous employ of the Company or of a Participating Corporation in the case of sick leave, military leave, or any other leave of absence approved by the Company provided that such leave is for a period of not more than three (3) months or reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute. The Company will have sole discretion to determine whether a Participant has terminated employment and the effective date on which the Participant terminated employment, regardless of any notice period or garden leave required under local law. 
 13. RETURN OF CONTRIBUTIONS. In the event a Participant s interest in this Plan is terminated by withdrawal, termination of employment or otherwise, or in the event this Plan is terminated by the Board, the Company shall deliver to the Participant all accumulated Contributions credited to such Participant s account. No interest shall accrue on the Contributions of a Participant in this Plan (except to the extent required due to local legal requirements outside the United States). 
 14. CAPITAL CHANGES. If the number of outstanding shares is changed by a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, without consideration, then the Committee shall adjust the number and class of Common Stock that may be delivered under the Plan, the Purchase Price 
 - 7 - 

per share and the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each option under the Plan which has not yet been exercised, and the numerical limits of Sections 2 and 10 shall be proportionately adjusted, subject to any required action by the Board or the stockholders of the Company and in compliance with the applicable securities laws provided that fractions of a share will not be issued. 
 15. NONASSIGNABILITY. Neither Contributions credited to a Participant s account nor any rights with regard to the exercise of an option or to receive shares under this Plan may be assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of in any way (other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or as provided in Section 22 below) by the Participant. Any such attempt at assignment, transfer, pledge or other disposition shall be void and without effect. 
 16. USE OF PARTICIPANT FUNDS AND REPORTS. The Company may use all Contributions received or held by it under the Plan for any corporate purpose, and the Company will not be required to segregate Participant Contributions (except to the extent required due to local legal requirements outside the United States). Until shares are issued, Participants will only have the rights of an unsecured creditor unless otherwise required under local law. Each Participant shall receive, or have access to, promptly after the end of each Purchase Period a report of his or her account setting forth the total Contributions accumulated, the number of shares purchased, the per share price thereof and the remaining cash balance, if any, carried forward to the next Purchase Period or Offering Period, as the case may be. 
 17. NOTICE OF DISPOSITION. Each U.S. taxpayer Participant shall notify the Company in writing if the Participant disposes of any of the shares purchased in any Offering Period pursuant to this Plan if such disposition occurs within two (2) years from the Offering Date or within one (1) year from the Purchase Date on which such shares were purchased (the Notice Period ). The Company may, at any time during the Notice Period, place a legend or legends on any certificate representing shares acquired pursuant to this Plan requesting the Company s transfer agent to notify the Company of any transfer of the shares. The obligation of the Participant to provide such notice shall continue notwithstanding the placement of any such legend on the certificates. 
 18. NO RIGHTS TO CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT. Neither this Plan nor the grant of any option hereunder shall confer any right on any employee to remain in the employ of the Company or any Participating Corporation, or restrict the right of the Company or any Participating Corporation to terminate such employee s employment. 
 19. EQUAL RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES. All eligible employees granted an option under the Section 423 Component of this Plan shall have equal rights and privileges with respect to this Plan or within any separate offering under the Plan so that this Plan qualifies as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 or any successor provision of the Code and the related regulations. Any provision of this Plan which is inconsistent with Section 423 or any successor provision of the Code, without further act or amendment by the Company, the Committee or the Board, shall be reformed to comply with the requirements of Section 423. This Section 19 shall take precedence over all other provisions in this Plan. 
 20. NOTICES. All notices or other communications by a Participant to the Company under or in connection with this Plan shall be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the receipt thereof. 
 - 8 - 

21. TERM STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. This Plan will become effective on the Effective Date. This Plan shall be approved by the stockholders of the Company, in any manner permitted by applicable corporate law, within twelve (12) months before or after the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. No purchase of shares that are subject to such stockholder approval before becoming available under this Plan shall occur prior to stockholder approval of such shares and the Board or Committee may delay any Purchase Date and postpone the commencement of any Offering Period subsequent to such Purchase Date as deemed necessary or desirable to obtain such approval (provided that if a Purchase Date would occur more than six (6) months after commencement of the Offering Period to which it relates, then such Purchase Date shall not occur and instead such Offering Period shall terminate without the purchase of such shares and Participants in such Offering Period shall be refunded their Contributions without interest). This Plan shall continue until the earlier to occur of (a) termination of this Plan by the Board (which termination may be effected by the Board at any time pursuant to Section 25 below), (b) issuance of all of the shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under this Plan, or (c) the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 22. DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY. 
 (a) If authorized by the Committee, a Participant may file a written designation of a 
 beneficiary who is to receive any cash from the Participant s account under this Plan in the event of such Participant s death prior to a Purchase Date. Such form shall be valid only if it was filed with the Company at the prescribed location before the Participant s death. 
 (b) If authorized by the Company, such designation of beneficiary may be changed 
 by the Participant at any time by written notice filed with the Company at the prescribed location before the Participant s death. In the event of the death of a Participant and in the absence of a beneficiary validly designated under this Plan who is living at the time of such Participant s death, the Company shall deliver such cash to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant or to the legal heirs of the Participant. 
 23. CONDITIONS UPON ISSUANCE OF SHARES LIMITATION ON SALE OF 
 SHARES. Shares shall not be issued with respect to an option unless the exercise of such option and the issuance and delivery of such shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all applicable provisions of law, domestic or foreign, including, without limitation, the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the shares may then be listed, exchange control restrictions and or securities law restrictions outside the United States, and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. Shares may be held in trust or subject to further restrictions as permitted by any subplan. 
 24. APPLICABLE LAW. The Plan shall be governed by the substantive laws (excluding 
 the conflict of laws rules) of the State of Delaware. 
 25. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan, or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the Plan is terminated, the Committee, in its discretion, may elect to terminate all outstanding Offering Periods either immediately or upon completion of the purchase of shares of Common Stock on the next Purchase Date (which may be sooner than originally scheduled, if determined by the Committee in its discretion), or may elect to permit Offering Periods to expire in accordance with their terms (and subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 14). If an Offering Period is terminated prior to its previously-scheduled expiration, all amounts then credited to Participants book 
 - 9 - 

accounts for such Offering Period, which have not been used to purchase shares of Common Stock, shall be returned to those Participants (without interest thereon, except as otherwise required under local laws) as soon as administratively practicable. Further, the Committee will be entitled to change the Purchase Periods and Offering Periods, limit the frequency and or number of changes in the amount contributed during an Offering Period, establish the exchange ratio applicable to amounts contributed in a currency other than U.S. dollars, permit payroll withholding in excess of the amount designated by a Participant in order to adjust for delays or mistakes in the administration of the Plan, establish reasonable waiting and adjustment periods and or accounting and crediting procedures to ensure that amounts applied toward the purchase of Common Stock for each Participant properly correspond with amounts contributed from the Participant s base salary and other eligible compensation, and establish such other limitations or procedures as the Committee determines in its sole discretion advisable which are consistent with the Plan. Such actions will not require stockholder approval or the consent of any Participants. However, no amendment shall be made without approval of the stockholders of the Company (obtained in accordance with Section 21 above) within twelve (12) months of the adoption of such amendment (or earlier if required by Section 21) if such amendment would (a) increase the number of shares that may be issued under this Plan or (b) change the designation of the employees (or class of employees) eligible for participation in this Plan. In addition, in the event the Board or Committee determines that the ongoing operation of the Plan may result in unfavorable financial accounting consequences, the Board or Committee may, in its discretion and, to the extent necessary or desirable, modify, amend or terminate the Plan to reduce or eliminate such accounting consequences including, but not limited to (i) amending the definition of compensation, including with respect to an Offering Period underway at the time (ii) altering the Purchase Price for any Offering Period including an Offering Period underway at the time of the change in Purchase Price (iii) shortening any Offering Period by setting a Purchase Date, including an Offering Period underway at the time of the Committee s action (iv) reducing the maximum percentage of Compensation a participant may elect to set aside as Contributions and (v) reducing the maximum number of shares a Participant may purchase during any Offering Period. Such modifications or amendments will not require approval of the stockholders of the Company or the consent of any Participants. 
 26. CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, the 
 Offering Period for each outstanding right to purchase Common Stock will be shortened by setting a new Purchase Date and will end on the new Purchase Date. The new Purchase Date shall occur on or prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction, as determined by the Board or Committee, and the Plan shall terminate on the consummation of the Corporate Transaction. 
 27. CODE SECTION 409A TAX QUALIFICATION. 
 (a) Options granted under the Plan generally are exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code. However, options granted to U.S. taxpayers which are not intended to meet the Code Section 423 requirements are intended to be exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code under the short-term deferral exception and any ambiguities shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Subject to Subsection (b), options granted to U.S. taxpayers outside of the Code Section 423 requirements shall be subject to such terms and conditions that will permit such options to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral exception available under Section 409A of the Code, including the requirement that the shares of Common Stock subject to an option be delivered within the short-term deferral period. Subject to Subsection (b), in the case of a Participant who would otherwise be subject to Section 409A of the Code, to the extent the Committee determines that an option or the exercise, payment, settlement or deferral thereof is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the option shall be granted, exercised, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will comply with Section 409A of the Code, including Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without 
 - 10 - 

limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no liability to a Participant or any other party if the option that is intended to be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A of the Code is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Committee with respect thereto. 
 (b) Although the Company may endeavor to (i) qualify an option for favorable tax 
 treatment under the laws of the United States or jurisdictions outside of the United States or (ii) avoid adverse tax treatment e.g. , under Section 409A of the Code), the Company makes no representation to that effect and expressly disavows any covenant to maintain favorable or avoid unfavorable tax treatment, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, including Subsection (a). The Company shall be unconstrained in its corporate activities without regard to the potential negative tax impact on Participants under the Plan. 
 28. DEFINITIONS. 
 (a) Affiliate means any entity, other than a Subsidiary or Parent, (i) that, directly 
 or indirectly, is controlled by, controls or is under common control with, the Company and (ii) in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case as determined by the Committee, whether now or hereafter existing. 
 (b) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (c) Code shall mean the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (d) Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board that consists 
 exclusively of one or more members of the Board appointed by the Board. 
 (e) Common Stock shall mean the common stock of the Company. 
 (f) Company shall mean BILL Holdings, Inc. 
 (g) Contributions means payroll deductions taken from a Participant's Compensation and used to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan and, to the extent payroll deductions are not permitted by applicable laws (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) contributions by other means, provided, however, that allowing such other contributions does not jeopardize the qualification of the Plan as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Plan. 
 (h) Corporate Transaction means the occurrence of any of the following events (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities or (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation. 
 - 11 - 

(i) Effective Date shall mean the date on which the Registration Statement 
 covering the initial public offering of the shares of Common Stock is declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (j) Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (k) Fair Market Value shall mean, as of any date, the value of a share of Common Stock determined as follows 
 i. if such Common Stock is then quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market (collectively, the Nasdaq Market ), its closing price on the Nasdaq Market on the date of determination, or if there are no sales for such date, then the last preceding business day on which there were sales, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Board or the Committee deems reliable 
 ii. if such Common Stock is publicly traded and is then listed on a national 
 securities exchange, its closing price on the date of determination on the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Board or the Committee deems reliable 
 iii. if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is neither quoted on the Nasdaq Market nor listed or admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Board or the Committee deems reliable 
 iv. with respect to the initial Offering Period, Fair Market Value on the Offering Date shall be the price at which shares of Common Stock are offered to the public pursuant to the Registration Statement covering the initial public offering of shares of Common Stock or 
 v. if none of the foregoing is applicable, by the Board or the Committee in 
 good faith. 
 (l) Non-Section 423 Component means the part of the Plan which is not intended 
 to meet the requirements set forth in Section 423 of the Code. 
 (m) Notice Period shall mean within two (2) years from the Offering Date or 
 within one (1) year from the Purchase Date on which such shares were purchased. 
 (n) Offering Date shall mean the first business day of each Offering Period. However, for the initial Offering Period the Offering Date shall be the Effective Date. 
 (o) Offering Period shall mean a period with respect to which the right to 
 purchase Common Stock may be granted under the Plan, as determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 5(a). 
 - 12 - 

(p) Parent shall have the same meaning as parent corporation in Sections 424(e) 
 and 424(f) of the Code. 
 (q) Participant shall mean an eligible employee who meets the eligibility 
 requirements set forth in Section 4 and who is either automatically enrolled in the initial Offering Period or who elects to participate in this Plan pursuant to Section 6(b). 
 (r) Participating Corporation shall mean any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate that 
 the Committee designates from time to time as eligible to participate in this Plan. For purposes of the Section 423 Component, only the Parent and Subsidiaries may be Participating Corporations, provided, however, that at any given time a Parent or Subsidiary that is a Participating Corporation under the Section 423 Component shall not be a Participating Corporation under the Non-Section 423 Component. The Committee may provide that any Participating Corporation shall only be eligible to participate in the Non-Section 423 Component. 
 (s) Plan shall mean this BILL Holdings, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as 
 may be amended from time to time. 
 (t) Purchase Date shall mean the last business day of each Purchase Period. 
 (u) Purchase Period shall mean a period during which Contributions may be made 
 toward the purchase of Common Stock under the Plan, as determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 5(b). 
 (v) Purchase Price shall mean the price at which Participants may purchase shares 
 of Common Stock under the Plan, as determined pursuant to Section 8. 
 (w) Section 423 Component means the part of the Plan, which excludes the NonSection 423 Component, pursuant to which options to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan that satisfy the requirements for employee stock purchase plans set forth in Section 423 of the Code may be granted to eligible employees. 
 (x) Subsidiary shall have the same meaning as subsidiary corporation in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code. 
 
 - 13 - 

BILL HOLDINGS, INC. (THE COMPANY 2019 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN ENROLLMENT CONFIRMATION CHANGE FORM Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall Have the meaning given to them in the ESPP. 
 
 Section 1 
 Personal Data 
 Name Home Address 
 Section 2 
 Enroll in the ESPP 
 Elect 
 Change 
 I hereby elect and authorize the Company to withhold from each of my paychecks during each Purchase Period the specified percentage of my compensation, as long as I continue to participate in the ESPP. 
 Opt-out of ESPP 
 Elect to enroll at a contribution level of (must be a whole number between 1 and 15 
 Change Contribution Level 
 Change my contribution level to (must be a whole number between 0 and 15 
 Note You may only decrease your contributions once during this Offering Period. Such a change will be effective as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company receives this form. You may not increase your contributions during this Offering Period. Any increase in your contribution percentage can only take effect with the next Offering Period. 
 Withdraw from ESPP 
 I hereby elect to withdraw from the ESPP and stop my contributions under the ESPP , effective as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company receives this form. Accumulated contributions will be returned to me without interest, pursuant to Section 11 of the ESPP. Note If you withdraw, you cannot resume 
 participation until the start of the next Offering Period 
 Section 3 
 Compliance With Law 
 Unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the shares of Common Stock, the Company shall not be required to deliver any shares under the ESPP prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the shares under any applicable law, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. I agree that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the ESPP and this Agreement 
 without my consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to the issuance of shares. 
 Section 4 
 No Advice Regarding Grant 
 The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding my participation in the ESPP or my acquisition or sale of shares of Common Stock. 
 I understand that I should consult with my own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding my participation in the ESPP before taking any action related to the ESPP. 
 Section 5 
 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the ESPP by electronic means. I hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the ESPP through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 Section 6 
 Acknowledgment and Signature 
 I acknowledge that I have received the ESPP Prospectus (which summarizes the major features of the ESPP) and that the ESPP is available online at sec.gov. I have read the ESPP Prospectus and my signature below indicates that I hereby agree to be bound by the terms of the ESPP. 
 
 Signature Date 
 
 - 14 - 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.10>
 7
 bill-20230630xex1010.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

Exhibit 10.10 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 Between 
 
 BILL.COM CANADA, INC., 
 an Ontario corporation (the Company 
 -and- 
 
 LOREN PADELFORD, 
 an individual residing in the Province of Ontario the Employee 
 
 Whereas the Company wishes to employ the Employee and the Employee wishes to be employed by the Company 
 And whereas the Company is an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of Bill.com Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Parent ), and together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries, the Group 
 And whereas the Company and the Employee have agreed that it is desirable that they enter into this agreement to confirm the terms and conditions of employment 
 Now therefore this Agreement witnesses that in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency whereof are hereby acknowledged), the parties covenant and agree with each other as follows 
 
 1. TERM 
 
 1.a The Employee's employment with the Company will commence on September 12, 2022 or such later date as the Company may advise is necessary to enable verification of the conditions of offer set out herein (the Start Date ). The Employee's employment shall commence thereafter and continue for an indefinite term, unless terminated in accordance with this agreement. 
 
 2. CONDITIONS OF OFFER 
 
 2.a This Agreement is expressly conditional on the Employee's legal eligibility to work both in Canada and the U.S. In the event that this condition is not satisfied as of the Start Date, then this Agreement will be considered null and void and the Company shall not be responsible for any payments to the Employee. The Employee agrees to provide evidence of the Employee's legal eligibility to work in Canada, if requested by the Company. Because of employer regulations adopted in the U.S. Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, within three (3) business days of starting the Employee's new position, the Employee will also need to present documentation demonstrating that the Employee has authorization to work in the United States. If the Employee has any questions about this requirement, which applies to 
 U.S. citizens and non-U.S. citizens alike, the Employee may contact the Company's personnel office. 

1.a This Agreement is also conditional upon the Company conducting and receiving a background check confirmation and a satisfactory reference check. By signing below. Employee hereby authorizes the Company and or its agents to conduct a background and reference check, subject to applicable law, and likewise consents to the collection, use and disclosure of Employee's personal information as required for conducting such background and reference checks. Should the Company determine, in its discretion, that the results of such background or reference checks are unsatisfactory, the Company shall have the right to rescind this offer of employment in which case this Agreement will be considered null and void and the Company shall have no further obligation to the Employee. 
 
 3. POSITION AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 3.a The Employee will hold the full-time position of Chief Commercial Officer CCO ), reporting to Parent CEO, Rene Lacerte, or such other person(s) as the Company may designate from time to time. This reporting structure may be subject to change, at the discretion of the Company. 
 
 3.b The Employee shall perform all duties commensurate with the role of Chief Commercial Officer. The Employee's job title, duties and responsibilities and reporting relationship may be amended from time to time in the discretion of the Company. 
 
 3.c In the role of Chief Commercial Officer, the Employee will work primarily from the Employee's home office located in Toronto, Ontario but will be expected to travel frequently in support of the Company's operations, particularly to Parent's offices in the United States of America, as authorized and directed from time to time by the Parent CEO. The Company reserves the right to change the Employee's work location from time to time in its sole discretion. 
 
 3.d As an exempt professional under the Ontario Employment Standards Act, 2000, the Employee acknowledges that the Employee shall not be eligible for overtime. 
 
 3.e Throughout the time in which the Employee is employed by the Company, the Employee shall devote the Employee's full-time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company, Parent and the Group, and shall perform all assigned duties diligently, faithfully, and to the best of the Employee's abilities. The Employee shall at all times perform all assigned duties with undivided loyalty and shall not knowingly perform any act contrary to the Company's best interests. 
 
 3.f The Employee shall be subject to the Company's employment policies in effect from time to time, including but not limited to those contained in the Employee Handbook (a copy of which is provided herewith), and shall at all times comply fully with applicable standards of professional conduct and practices. The Company reserves the right to modify its policies and rules from time to time in its sole and exclusive discretion. 
 
 3.g Without limiting the generality of Section 3.6 above, the Employee agrees that the Employee shall use the Company's corporate email or other electronic means of communication provided to the Employee by the Company for any and all business-related electronic communication only and shall do so at all times in accordance with Company policies. The Employee shall have no reasonable expectation of privacy in the use of such corporate email or other digital accounts and channels. 
 2 

4 REMUNERATION 
 
 4.a Base Salary The Company shall pay the Employee an annual salary of CAD 577,000, less all applicable statutory deductions and withholdings. This amount will be paid semi monthly in accordance with the Company's payroll policy, as amended from time to time. 
 
 4.b Performance Bonus Additionally, the Employee will have the opportunity to receive an annual performance bonus of up to 100 of base salary, paid annually on achievement of company and individual performance goals. The Employee's individual performance goals will be finalized with the Employee's manager within 45 days of the Employee's hire date. The annual performance bonus is subject to the terms of the bonus plan as applicable from time to time and as determined in the Company's sole discretion. 
 
 Except as may be set out in Section 5 hereof (or, as may be applicable, in the Change in Control and Severance Agreement to be entered into between the Company, Parent and the Employee appended hereto as Schedule B (the CIC Severance Agreement )), the Employee will not be eligible to receive any performance bonus in the event the Employee's employment voluntarily or involuntarily terminates for any reason before the date on which a performance bonus, if any, is paid out. For the purpose of this section, termination of employment shall mean the date of notification and shall not include reasonable notice, any period of payment in lieu of notice, termination pay or severance pay, except for the period during which the Employee may be deemed to be actively employed under Ontario Employment Standards Act, 2000, as amended or other applicable employment standards legislation. 
 
 4.c Sign-On Bonus The Employee will also receive a one-time sign-on bonus of CAD 192,350, less applicable tax withholdings and deductions, payable 30 days post Start Date. In the event the Employee voluntarily resigns or the Company terminates Employee's employment for Cause (as defined in the CIC Severance Agreement) from the Employee's employment with the Company within twelve (12) months of the Start Date, the Employee agrees to repay the sign-on bonus in full and agrees that the Employee shall be liable for same. 
 
 4.d Equity Grants 
 
 i. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) Subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee of Parent's Board of Directors, the Employee will be granted restricted stock units RSUs under Parent's 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The number of shares subject to the RSU grant will be calculated on the date of grant Grant Date and will equal USD 7,000,000 divided by the average of the closing prices of Bill.com, lnc.'s Common Stock in the 30 trading days immediately preceding the Grant Date and ending on and including, the Grant Date, rounded to the nearest whole share. The RSUs will vest over 4 years, 25 of the total grant to vest on the first anniversary of your Vesting Commencement Date, and the remainder to vest, ratably, quarterly for the subsequent 3 years, provided the Employee remains in Service (as defined in the Plan) through each such vesting date, as set forth in the award agreement evidencing the RSU. The Employee's Vesting Commencement Date will be the first of the following dates which occur after the Employee's Start Date February 28, May 28, August 28, or November 28. For example, if the Employee starts work on September 8, the Employee's Vesting Commencement Date will be November 28. Vested RSUs will settle, 
 3 

and shares will be issued to the Employee, after each vesting date in accordance with the policies of Parent and the terms and conditions of the Plan and the RSU agreement. 
 
 ii. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (PSUs) Subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee of Parent's Board of Directors, the Employee will be granted performance-based restricted stock units Fiscal 2023 PSUs under the Plan with a grant target value of USD 3,000,000. The target number of shares subject to the Fiscal 2023 PSU grant (assuming target-level achievement of the applicable performance metrics) will be calculated on the date of grant Grant Date by dividing the grant target value by the average of the closing prices of Parent's Common Stock in the 30 trading days immediately preceding the Grant Date and ending on, and including, the PSU Grant Date, rounded to the nearest whole share. The Fiscal 2023 PSUs will vest over three years with 113rd to vest at the first Parent quarterly vesting date following the Board's certification of Parent's FY23 performance and the remainder to vest ratably quarterly over the subsequent eight Parent quarterly vesting dates, provided the Employee remains in Service (as defined in the Plan) as set forth in the award agreement evidencing the Fiscal 2023 PSUs. The Fiscal 2023 PSUs will be subject to the same terms and conditions, including performance metrics and vesting requirements, as the PSUs that were granted to certain of Parent's executive officers in July 2022. The Fiscal 2023 PSU will be further subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable award agreement between the Employee and Parent and the Plan. Vested Fiscal 2023 PSUs will settle, and shares issued to the Employee, after each vesting date in accordance with the policies of Parent and the terms and conditions of the Plan and the PSU agreement. 
 
 iii. Except as may be otherwise provided in the CIC Severance Agreement, in the event the Employee's employment is voluntarily or involuntarily terminated, whether lawfully or unlawfully, prior to any applicable vesting date referred to in Sections 4.4(a) or 4.4(b) hereof, any unvested RSUs or PSUs as of the date of such termination of employment will expire. 
 
 iv. For the purposes of this Section 4.4, the date the Employee's employment is terminated shall mean the date of notification and shall not include reasonable notice, any period of payment in lieu of notice, termination pay or severance pay, except for the period during which the Employee may be deemed to be actively employed under the Ontario Employment Standards Act, 2000, as amended. 
 
 4.e Vacation The Employee shall be entitled to such minimum paid vacation time each calendar year to which the Employee is entitled under applicable employment standards legislation. Vacation shall be taken at times mutually agreed to by the Employee and the Company, acting reasonably. Unused vacation will not carry over from one year to the next, except as specifically required by the Ontario Employment Standards Act, 2000. Given Employee's position, Employee is also eligible for time off under the Company's Paid Time Off Policy, which is a flexible, no accrual program that covers personal time and sick time. 
 
 4.f Benefits The Employee will be eligible to participate in the Company's standard benefits package, subject to the terms and conditions of those plans, as may be amended from time to time in the discretion of the Company. The details of the benefits package will be provided to the Employee at the time of eligibility. Any insured benefits are subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable benefit plans. The Employee agrees that the Company may cancel, substitute or modify its benefit plans or their terms and conditions and the cost-sharing arrangement with the Employee without notice, and that any such modification will not constitute a constructive or otherwise wrongful termination of employment. 
 4 

4.g Business Expenses The Company shall reimburse the Employee for all reasonable business expenses (including any authorized travel or out-of-pocket expenses) that the Employee incurs in the course of his employment that are approved in advance by the Employee's manager. The Employee shall provide any statements, receipts, invoices and other documentation that the Company may reasonably require in order to process such reimbursements. 
 
 4.h Personal Information The Employee acknowledges that to fulfill his or her obligations under this Agreement, the Company has or will be required to collect, use or disclose personal information for the purposes of processing payroll and benefits and for issuing RSUs and PSUs (where applicable) and the Employee consents the collection, use, and disclosure of the Employee's personal information for these purposes. The Employee acknowledges that the Company may from time to time use service providers located outside of Canada to collect, process or store the Employee's personal information. 
 
 4.i Use of Name and Likeness During the Employee's employment and following the termination of the Employee's employment with the Company, the Employee consents to the Company's use of the Employee's image, name, likeness, voice, photograph, and biographical material (the Characteristics in the Company's products, services, marketing or informational materials. The Employee acknowledges that this is a perpetual right, throughout the universe. The Employee releases the Company from any cause of action which the Employee has or may have arising out of the use, distribution, adaptation, reproduction, broadcast, or exhibition of the Characteristics. 
 
 5. TERMINATION 
 
 5.a Termination by the Employee The Employee may terminate his or her employment under this Agreement at any time by providing the Company with one (1) month's written notice. The Company may waive this notice period in whole or in part, in which case the Employee shall be provided pay in lieu of any waived portion of the resignation notice period. 
 
 5.b Termination by the Company with Cause Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, the Company may terminate the Employee's employment at any time for Cause (as defined in the CIC Severance Agreement) without notice, termination pay or severance pay, unless required by the Employment Standards Act, 2000. 
 
 5.c Termination by the Company without Cause The Company may terminate the Employee's employment at any time without Cause in accordance with the CIC Severance Agreement, in which case the Employee's entitlements shall be as set out therein. 
 
 5.d Termination by the Employee for Good Reason The Employee may terminate his employment under this Agreement for Good Reason in accordance with the CIC Severance Agreement, in which case the Employee's entitlements shall be as set out therein. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, or in the CIC Severance Agreement, to the contrary, Employee's travel between the Province of Ontario, Canada and San Jose, California, or any change in the proportion of the aggregate time Employee spends between the foregoing two locations, shall not constitute grounds for Employee to terminate his employee for Good Reason in accordance with the CIC Severance Agreement. 
 
 5 

5.e The Employee agrees that the Employee has waived his or her entitlement to common law notice of termination. 
 5.f These termination provisions (and the Schedules referred to herein) will continue to apply throughout the Employee's employment notwithstanding any changes to the Employee's title, duties, responsibilities, location, reporting structure, compensation, benefits, work schedule or overtime eligibility and regardless of whether any such change is material or otherwise. 
 5.g At no time will the Employee receive less than the Employee's minimum entitlements under the Ontario Employment Standards Act, 2000. If any provision of this section 5 or of this Agreement should fall below the minimum standards prescribed by the Ontario Employment Standards Act, 2000 or other applicable labour and employment legislation, those minimum standards shall be substituted for and shall completely replace the impugned section. 
 
 6 TEMPORARY LAYOFFS 
 
 6.a The Company reserves the right to temporarily lay the Employee off from his her employment in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Standards Act, 2000. A temporary layoff will not be considered a termination of the Employee's employment unless it is deemed to be one under the Employment Standards Act, 2000. 
 
 7. CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 7.a In this Section the following terms have the following meanings 
 
 (1) Confidential Information means all information, data, documents, agreements, files and other materials in whatever form (including, without limitation, in written, oral, visual or electronic form), which is disclosed or otherwise furnished by the Group to the Employee in the course of the Employee's employment (and, where previously engaged by the Group in a capacity other than as an employee of the Group, during such earlier period of engagement) whether or not such information is marked confidential, that relates directly or indirectly to the Groups business, clients, customers, products, services, affairs, finances and trade secrets, including, without limitation 
 a. information concerning the Group's and its customers', suppliers' and other third parties', past, present and future business affairs including, without limitation, finances, supplier information, services, customer information, products, organizational structure and internal practices, forecasts, sales and other financial results, records and budgets, and business, marketing, development, sales and other commercial strategies 
 
 b. all or any portion of analysis, notations, plans, compilations, reports, forecasts, studies, samples, statistics, summaries, interpretations and other documents created, developed, prepared, received, obtained, or generated or derived from such information, data, documents, agreements, files or other materials by the Employee in connection with the Employee's employment and 
 6 

c. other information that is marked or otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential or proprietary in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used. 
 
 (2) Copies means copies or records of any Confidential Information in whatever form including without limitation, notations, extracts, analysis, studies, plans, compilations or any other way of representing, recording or recalling information which contains, reflects, or is derived or generated from Confidential Information. 
 
 7.b The Employee shall only use the Confidential Information or Copies for the purpose of the Employee's employment and, without prejudice to the duties of confidentiality owed by the Employee at common law, the Employee shall not directly or indirectly, without the written authorization of the Company, either during the employment or at any time after termination of the employment, howsoever arising 
 
 (3) use any Confidential Information or make or use any Copies for the Employee's own benefit or purposes, or for the benefit or purposes of any other person, company or organization whatsoever or 
 
 (4) disclose any Confidential Information or Copies to any person, company or other organization whatsoever. 
 
 7.c The restrictions in section 7.2 above do not apply to any Confidential Information which is or becomes generally available to and known by the public, other than as a result of the Employee's unauthorized disclosure or material breach of this Agreement, or which was already in the Employee's possession or available to the Employee on a non-confidential basis before his or her employment commenced (or, where previously engaged by the Company in a capacity other than as an employee, before his or her first engagement with the Company commenced). 
 
 7.d The Employee shall be responsible for protecting the confidentiality of the Confidential Information and shall 
 (5) keep the Confidential Information and Copies strictly confidential 
 
 (6) use the Employee's best endeavours to prevent the use or communication of any Confidential Information by any person, company or organization (except for the purpose of the employment or as authorized in writing by the Company) and 
 
 (7) inform the Company immediately on becoming aware of or suspecting that any such person, company or organization improperly knows or has used any Confidential Information or Copies. 
 
 7.e If, either during or after the Employee's employment, the Employee is compelled or required to disclose any Confidential Information by law or court order or pursuant to any requirement, request or process of any legal, regulatory or governmental authority, the Employee shall give the Company prompt prior written notice of such requirement, request or process so that the Group may seek an appropriate protective order or other remedy, and the Employee shall cooperate with the Company to obtain such protective order or other remedy. 
 
 7 

8. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
 
 8.a The Employee is required to sign the Intellectual Property Agreement attached as Schedule A , the terms of which form part of this Agreement. 
 
 9. RETURN OF PROPERTY 
 
 9.a Upon termination of the Employee's employment with the Company for any reason, or at any other time requested by the Company, the Employee shall promptly return all Group property in the Employee's possession or control, including any Confidential Information (or Copies thereof), Assets or any other documents or information, whether in physical or electronic form. 
 
 10 RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
 
 10.a In this Section, the following terms have the following meanings 
 
 (1) Business means the business of designing, creating, marketing and distributing cloud-based software in respect of back-office financial processes for sole proprietors and small and medium-sized businesses, including, without limitation, provision of accounts payable solutions, accounts receivable solutions, invoice or payment processing or expense management solutions, such as was carried on by the Group during the period of the Employee's employment. 
 
 (2) Customer means a customer, spending business or subscriber, or accounting or financial customer channel partner of, the Group at the date of the termination of the Employee's employment that the Employee serviced or managed, directly or indirectly through Employee's management oversight responsibilities, on behalf of the Group at any time within the 12 months preceding the termination of the Employee's employment and that is a customer, spending business or subscriber, or accounting or financial customer channel partner, of the Group at the time of any direct or indirect post-termination solicitation by the Employee. 
 
 (3) employee of the Group means an employee who is employed by the Group at the date of the termination of the Employee's employment or any time during the 12 month period prior to the date of the termination of the Employee's employment and at the time of the attempted or actual recruitment, solicitation or inducement. 
 
 (4) Prospective Customer means a potential customer, spending business or subscriber, or accounting or financial customer channel partner, of the Group that the Employee pursued or contacted or was negotiating with, directly or indirectly through Employee's management oversight responsibilities, on behalf of the Group for the purpose of the Business, at any time within the 12 months preceding the termination of the Employee's employment, and with whom the Group has not ceased such pursuit, contact or negotiations as of the date of the termination of the Employee's employment, and as of the date of the Employee's direct or indirect post-termination solicitation. 
 (5) Supplier means a supplier, independent contractor or dependent contractor who is contracted with or by the Group to supply goods or services at the date of the 
 8 

termination of the Employee's employment or at any time during the 12 month period prior to the date of the termination of the Employee's employment and at the time of the attempted or actual recruitment, solicitation or inducement. 
 
 (6) Territory means anywhere that Employee had responsibility or oversight for, or where Employee provided services for, had material contact with, or learned material information about, any Customers or Prospective Customers of the Group, including but not limited to the United States, Canada, and Australia. 
 
 10.b The Employee agrees and understands that the employees of the Group are an integral part of the Group's Business and it is necessary to afford fair protection to the Group and the Company from the loss of any of its employees. 
 
 10.c The Employee understands and agrees that during the Employee's employment the Employee will be encouraged to maintain close contact and a close working relationship with the Group's Customers and will gain a knowledge of the Group's Customers which could injure the Group and the Company if such knowledge was made available to a competitor or used for a competitive purpose. 
 
 10.d Non-Solicitation of Employees and Suppliers The Employee agrees that during the Employee's employment and for 12 months after termination of the Employee's employment for any reason, the Employee shall not, either directly or indirectly, on the Employee's own behalf or on the behalf of any other person, firm or business identity, recruit, solicit, persuade or otherwise induce or attempt to recruit, solicit, persuade or induce any Supplier or any person who is an employee of the Group to terminate their Supplier contract or contract of employment with the Group. 
 
 10.e Non-Solicitation of Customers and Prospective Customers The Employee agrees that during the Employee's employment and for 12 months after termination of the Employee's employment for any reason, the Employee shall not, either directly or indirectly, on the Employee's own behalf or on the behalf of any other person, firm or business identity, solicit any Customer or Prospective Customer of the Group for the purpose of offering products or services that are the same as, substantially similar to or competitive with the Business. 

11. NO BREACH OF OBLIGATIONS TO PRIOR EMPLOYERS 
 
 11.a The Employee represents that the Employee's execution of this Employment Agreement and all Schedules and Appendices hereto, any agreements concerning equity awards granted under the Plan, and the Employee's commencement of employment with Bill.com will not violate any agreement currently in place between the Employee and current or past employers. 
 
 12. SEVERABILITY 
 
 12.a The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision, and any invalid provision will be severable from this agreement. 
 9 

13. GOVERNING LAW 
 
 13.a This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein. 
 
 14. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
 
 14.a The parties irrevocably attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ontario, which will have exclusive jurisdiction over any matter arising out of this Agreement. 
 
 15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 
 15.a The Employee acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement contains the whole understanding between the Employee and the Company and supersedes and replaces all oral or written prior negotiations, representations or agreements. The Employee acknowledges that the Employee's agreement to the terms and conditions in this agreement have not been induced by, nor does the Employee rely upon or regard as material, any representations or writings whatsoever not incorporated into or made a part of this agreement. The Employee further agrees that the terms and conditions of this Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by subsequent written agreement signed by the Employee and the Company. 
 
 16. CONTINUED APPLICATION 
 
 16.a Except to such limited extent as is required to give effect to such change(s), the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall continue to govern the Employee's employment, regardless of the Employee's length of employment or any changes to the Employee's title, duties, responsibilities, location, reporting structure, compensation, benefits, work schedule or overtime eligibility and regardless of whether any such change is material or otherwise. 
 
 17. HEADINGS 
 
 17.a The headings appearing in this Agreement have been inserted for reference and as a matter of convenience and in no way, define, limit, or enlarge the scope of any provision of this Agreement. 
 
 18. INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE 
 
 18.a The Employee acknowledges that he or she has had independent legal advice or the opportunity to receive same in connection with the execution of this Agreement, has read this Agreement in its entirety, understands its contents, and is signing this agreement voluntarily and without duress or undue influence from any party. 
 
 19. COUNTERPARTS 
 
 19.a This Agreement may be signed in as many counterparts as may be necessary, or by facsimile, or by other electronic means producing a printed copy, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts, facsimiles or other electronic copies shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this agreement to be effective as of the date of Employee's signature below. 
 
 BILL.COM CANADA, INC. s Ren Lacerte Authorized Signatory Name Ren Lacerte Title Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Date 8 11 22 EMPLOYEE s Loren Padelford Loren Padelford Date 8 11 22 

11 

SCHEDULE A 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 
 12 

APPENDIX A 
 PRIOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 13 

SCHEDULE B 
 CIC SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 14 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 bill-20230630xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Name of Entity Ownership Jurisdiction Bill.com LLC 100 owned by BILL Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Bill.com Australia Holdings Pty Ltd 100 owned by Bill.com International, Inc. Sydney, Australia Level 27, 161 Castlereagh Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia Bill.com Canada, Inc. 100 owned by Bill.com International, Inc. Ontario, Canada 40 King Street West, Suite 2100 Toronto, Ontario M5H 3C2 Canada Bill.com Canada, LLC 100 owned by BILL Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Bill.com Capital Holdings, LLC 100 owned by BILL Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Bill.com Capital 1, LLC 100 owned by Bill.com Capital Holdings, LLC Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Bill.com Capital 2, LLC 100 owned by Bill.com Capital Holdings, LLC Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Bill.com Capital 3, LLC 100 owned by Bill.com Capital Holdings, LLC Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Bill.com Capital 4, LLC 100 owned by Bill.com Capital Holdings, LLC Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Bill.com International, Inc. 100 owned by BILL Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Bill.com International, LLC 100 owned by BILL Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 BILL Operations, LLC 100 owned by BILL Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA 

6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Cimrid Pty, Ltd 100 owned by Bill.com Australia Holdings Pty Ltd Sydney, Australia Level 27, 161 Castlereagh Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia DivvyPay, LLC 100 owned by BILL Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA 13707 South 200 West Draper, UT 84020 Divvy Credit 1, LLC 100 owned by DivvyPay, LLC Delaware, USA 13707 South 200 West Draper, UT 84020 Divvy Peach, LLC 100 owned by DivvyPay, LLC Delaware, USA 13707 South 200 West Draper, UT 84020 Finmark Financial, Inc. 100 owned by BILL Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Invoice2Go, LLC 100 owned by BILL Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA 6220 America Center Drive, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95022 Phlo, Inc. 100 owned by DivvyPay, LLC Delaware, USA 13707 South 200 West Draper, UT 84020 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 bill-20230630xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-267008) pertaining to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of BILL Holdings, Inc., 
 2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-259178) pertaining to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and DivvyPay, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, 
 3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-259420) pertaining to the Invoice2go, Inc. 2014 Stock Plan, 
 4) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-259681) of BILL Holdings, Inc., 
 5) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-259419) of BILL Holdings, Inc., 
 6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-235459) pertaining to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and 2019 Equity Incentive Plan of BILL Holdings, Inc., 
 7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-249935) pertaining to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of BILL Holdings, Inc., 
 8) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333- 256709) of BILL Holdings, Inc. 

of our reports dated August 29, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of BILL Holdings, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of BILL Holdings, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of BILL Holdings, Inc., for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Mateo, California 
 August 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 bill-20230630xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ren Lacerte, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BILL Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 August 29, 2023 
 BILL Holdings, Inc. s Ren Lacerte Ren Lacerte Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 bill-20230630xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Rettig, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BILL Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 August 29, 2023 
 BILL Holdings, Inc. s John Rettig John Rettig Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance and Operations (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 bill-20230630xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ren Lacerte, Chief Executive Officer of BILL Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition, and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 August 29, 2023 
 BILL Holdings, Inc. s Ren Lacerte Ren Lacerte Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 bill-20230630xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Rettig, Chief Financial Officer of BILL Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition, and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 August 29, 2023 
 BILL Holdings, Inc. s John Rettig John Rettig Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance and Operations (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 bill-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 bill-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 bill-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 bill-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 bill-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

