<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230921_10-K_edgar_data_33533_0001174947-23-001137.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4702736</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91884</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1034444</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>964069</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1309133</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1204130</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-23-001137.hdr.sgml : 20230921
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230921160143
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-23-001137
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230921
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230921

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESPEY MFG & ELECTRONICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000033533
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		IRS NUMBER:				141387171
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04383
		FILM NUMBER:		231269134

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 BALLSTON AVE
		STREET 2:		COR. CONGRESS & BALLSTON AVES.
		CITY:			SARATOGA SPRINGS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12866
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5185844100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 BALLSTON AVE
		CITY:			SARATOGA SPRINGS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12866

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESPEY MANUFACTURING & ELECTRONICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-23-001137.txt : 20230921

10-K
 1
 esp-20230630.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D. C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15
(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer's Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive
offices) 

- 

(Registrant's telephone
number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered American 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 (g) of the Act 

None 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company. Yes No 

The aggregate market value
of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based upon the closing sale price of 14.20 on the NYSE American
on December 31, 2022. 

At September 19, 2023
there were shares outstanding of the registrant's Common stock, .33-1/3 par value. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement
relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, are incorporated by reference
in Part III, Items 10 through 14 on Form 10-K as indicated herein. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that are based on management s expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. Words such as expects, 
 anticipates, plans, believes, scheduled, estimates and variations
of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant
to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future results and
trends may differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: 

Changing priorities or decreases in the U.S. government s defense budget (including changes in priorities
in response to terrorist threats, improvement of homeland security and general U.S. Government budgetary issues); 

Termination of government contracts due to unilateral government action; 

Differences in anticipated and actual program performance, including the ability to perform under long-term
fixed-price contracts within estimated costs, and performance issues with key suppliers and subcontractors; 

Potential of changing prices for energy and raw materials; 

General strength of the industry sectors in which our customers transact business 

All forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. All subsequent written and oral
forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or any person acting on the Company s behalf are qualified by the cautionary
statements in this section. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking
statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report. 

1 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Espey is a power electronics design and original equipment manufacturing (OEM) company with a long history of developing and delivering highly
reliable products for use in military and severe environment applications. Design, manufacturing, and testing is performed in our 150,000+
square foot facility located at 233 Ballston Ave., Saratoga Springs, New York. Espey is classified as a smaller reporting company 
for purposes of the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Espey s common stock is publicly-traded
on the NYSE American under the symbol ESP. 

Espey began operations after incorporation in
New York in 1928. We strive to remain competitive as a leader in high power energy conversion and transformer solutions through the design
and manufacture of new and improved products by using advanced and cutting edge electronics technologies. 

Espey is ISO 9001:2015 and AS9100:2016 certified.
Our primary products are power supplies, power converters, filters, power transformers, magnetic components, power distribution equipment,
UPS systems, antennas and high power radar systems. The applications of these products include AC and DC locomotives, shipboard power,
shipboard radar, airborne power, ground-based radar, and ground mobile power. 

Espey s services include design and development
to specification, build to specifications provided by the customer build to print , design services, design studies, environmental
testing services, metal fabrication, painting services, and development of automatic testing equipment. Espey is vertically integrated,
meaning that the Company produces individual components (including inductors), populates printed circuit boards, fabricates metalwork,
paints, wires, qualifies, and fully tests items, mechanically, electrically and environmentally, in house. Portions of the manufacturing
and testing process are subcontracted to vendors from time to time. 

In fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
the Company's total sales were 35,592,323 and 32,104,774, respectively. Sales to five domestic customers accounted for 23 , 18 , 16 ,
13 and 11 , respectively, of total sales in 2023. Sales to four domestic customers accounted for 17 , 16 , 14 and 11 , respectively,
of total sales in 2022. This concentration level presents significant risk. A loss of one of these customers or programs related to these
customers could significantly impact the financial performance of the Company. Historically, a small number of customers have accounted
for a large percentage of the Company s total sales in any given fiscal year. In some instances, our sales may include shipments
to more than one business unit of a particular customer. 

Export sales in fiscal years 2023 and 2022 were
approximately 549,510 and 1,644,000, respectively. The decrease is primarily due to the decrease in power supply sales resulting from
the timing of contractual delivery schedules. 

Sources of Raw Materials 

The Company has at least two potential sources
of supply for a majority of its raw materials. However, certain components used in its products are available from a single or a limited
number of sources. Despite the risk associated with single or limited source suppliers, the benefits of higher quality goods and timely
delivery minimize and often limit any potential risk and can eliminate problems with part failures during production. At times, replacements
are required to cover obsolete parts. 

The growth and continuing demand in the power
electronics industry across multiple manufacturing sectors, coupled with resulting supply chain disruptions from the effects of global
events, has created volatility and unpredictability in the availability of certain electronic components and, in some cases, continues
to create industry shortages. These shortages will likely continue to impact our ability to support our customer s schedule demands,
as lead times for these components have, in some instances, increased from readily available to waiting times of nearly a year or more.
We continue to work with our customers to mitigate any adverse impact upon our ability to service their requirements. These issues, if
they persist, may cause us to miss projected delivery dates. 

The President of the United States continued
the imposition of tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from various countries in 2022. Although we are not currently experiencing any
significant financial or raw material sourcing issues resulting from the product tariffs, the Company cannot provide any assurance that
the existing tariffs, the potential of additional tariffs, and the associated volatility arising from the Administration s foreign
trade policies, will not have a negative impact on our future earnings by increasing our raw material prices and augmenting the lead
time for the availability of raw materials. From time to time the Company must identify parts to replace
parts which are no longer produced. 

2 

Sales Backlog 

The total backlog at June 30, 2023 was approximately
 83.6 million compared to approximately 76.8 million at June 30, 2022. The Company s total backlog represents the estimated remaining
sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts. The funded portion of this backlog at June 30, 2023 was approximately 83.5 million.
This includes items that have been authorized and appropriated by Congress and/or funded by the customer. The unfunded backlog at June 30, 2023 was approximately 32 thousand and represents a small amount under one firm multi-year
order from a single customer. While there is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations
will provide funding for individual programs, management has included in unfunded backlog only those programs that it believes are likely
to receive funding based on discussions with customers and program status. The unfunded backlog at June 30, 2022 was approximately 0.4
million and represented two firm multi-year orders from a single customer for which funding had not yet been appropriated by Congress
and/or funded by our customer. Contracts are subject to modification, change or cancellation, and the Company accounts for these changes
as they are probable and estimable. The Company evaluates the impact of any scope modifications and will adjust reserves as information
is known and estimable. 

It is presently anticipated that a minimum of
 39.5 million of orders comprising the June 30, 2023 backlog will be filled during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 2024. The minimum of 39.5 million does not include any shipments which may be
made against orders received subsequently to the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. The estimate of the June 30, 2023 backlog to be shipped
in fiscal year 2024 is subject to future events, which may cause the amount of the backlog actually shipped to differ from such estimate. 

Marketing and Competition 

The Company markets its products primarily through
its own direct sales organization and through outside sales representatives. Business is solicited from large industrial manufacturers
and defense companies, the government of the United States, foreign governments and major foreign electronic equipment companies. Espey
is also on the eligible list of contractors with the United States Department of Defense. We pursue opportunities for prime contracts
directly with the Department of Defense and are generally automatically solicited by Department of Defense procurement agencies for their
needs falling within the major classes of products produced by the Company. Espey contracts with the Federal Government under cage code
20950 as Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

There is competition in all classes of products
manufactured by the Company ranging from divisions of the largest electronic companies, to many small companies. The Company's sales do
not represent a significant share of the industry's market for any class of its products. The principal methods of competition for electronic
products of both a military and industrial nature include, among other factors, price, product performance, the experience of the particular
company and history of its dealings in such products. 

Our business is not seasonal. However, the concentration
of our business in the rail industry, and in equipment for military applications and industrial applications and our customer concentrations
expose us to on-going associated risks. These risks include, without limitation, requirements for power supplies in the rail industry,
dependence on appropriations from the United States Government and the governments of foreign nations, program allocations, the potential
of governmental termination of orders for convenience, and the general strength of the industry sectors in which our customers transact
business. 

Future procurement needs supporting the military and
the rail industry continue to drive competition. Many of our competitors have invested, and they continue to invest aggressively in upfront
product design costs and accept lower profit margins as a strategic means of maintaining existing business and enhancing market share.
This continues to put pressure on the pricing of our current products and has lowered our profit margins on some of our new business.
In order to compete effectively for new business, in some cases we have invested in upfront design costs, thereby reducing initial profitability
as a means of procuring new long-term programs. As part of our strategy, we adjust our pricing in order to achieve a balance which enables
us both to retain repeat programs while being more competitive in bidding on new programs. 

Our sales strategy includes identifying and obtaining
multiple new engineering design and development contracts in any given fiscal year to ensure optimal utilization of our engineering personnel
in addition to securing follow-on production awards for product previously designed in-house, as well as, build to print opportunities.
The Company targets those programs and opportunities which will generate future longer-term production tails in ensuing years. From time to time, we accept work associated with engineering design studies. While unlikely to result in near-term follow-on orders,
this positions us competitively on future awards and expands our engineering team s skillset. 

3 

Research and Development 

Some of the Company's engineers and technicians
spend varying amounts of time on either the development of new products or improvements to existing products. A majority of the resulting
costs we incur relate to research that is required to support a request for quotation from a customer product-specific need usually associated
with stringent size and weight requirements. We do very little pure research as our business primarily is driven by customer product
needs and custom product development with some customer funding. The Company's expenditures for research and development were approximately
 65,427 and 32,362 in fiscal year 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Employees 

The Company had 153 employees as of August
31, 2023 . Approximately 35 of the employees are represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers. The current
collective bargaining agreement expires on June 30, 2025. Relations with the Union are considered good. 

Government Regulations 

Compliance with federal, state and local laws
regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, did not in fiscal
year 2023, and the Company believes will not in fiscal year 2024, have a material effect upon the capital expenditures, net income, or
competitive position of the Company. 

The Company s U.S. Government contract
and subcontract orders are funded by government budgets, which operate on an October-to-September fiscal year. Normally, in February of
each year, the President of the United States presents to Congress a proposed budget for the upcoming fiscal year. This budget includes
recommended appropriations for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the executive
branch. From February through September of each year, the appropriations and authorization committees of Congress review the President s
budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year in appropriations and authorization legislation. Once these
levels are enacted into law, the Executive Office of the President administers the funds to the agencies. 

There are two primary risks associated with
this process. First, the process may be delayed or disrupted because of congressional schedules, negotiations over funding levels for
programs or unforeseen world events, which could, in turn, alter the funding for a program or contract. Second, funding for multi-year
contracts can be changed by future appropriations, which could affect the timing of funds, schedules and program content. 

Also, our international sales are denominated
in United States dollars. Consequently, a strengthening of the United States dollar against foreign currencies could increase the price
in local currencies of our products in foreign markets and make our products relatively more expensive than competitors products. 

U.S. Government
Defense Contracts and Subcontracts 

Generally, U.S. Government contracts are subject to
procurement laws and regulations. Some of the Company s contracts are governed by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), which
lays out uniform policies and procedures for acquiring goods and services by the U.S. Government, and agency-specific acquisition regulations
that implement or supplement the FAR. For example, the Department of Defense implements the FAR through the Defense Federal Acquisition
Regulation (DFAR). 

The FAR also contains guidelines and regulations for
managing a contract after award, including conditions under which contracts may be terminated, in whole or in part, at the government s
convenience or for default. If a contract is terminated for the convenience of the government, a contractor is entitled to receive payments
for its allowable costs and, in general, the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work done. If a contract is terminated for
default, the government generally pays for only the work it has accepted. These regulations also subject the Company to financial audits
and other reviews by the government of its costs, performance, accounting and general business practices relating to its contracts, which
may result in adjustment of the Company s contract-related costs and fees. 

Cyber or Other Security Threats or Other Disruptions 

We routinely experience cybersecurity threats in
the form of unauthorized attempts to gain access to our sensitive information. The threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries
to more advanced attacks with the specific objective of accessing national security information. We believe our threat detection and
mitigation processes and procedures are above adequate. The processes and procedures in place are designed to detect, manage and prevent
current threats and respond quickly to detect and mitigate new threats. To ensure our systems remain protected, we continually assess
and acquire, as appropriate, new available technology and provide employee training to utilize effectively our technological assets.
Prior cyberattacks directed at us have not had a material impact on our financial results nor restricted us from being awarded contracts
from other defense companies or directly from the United States Department of Defense. However, we can provide no assurance that the
occurrence of any future event would not adversely affect our internal operations, our reputation and competitive advantage, and our
future financial results. 

4 

Item 2. Property 

The Company's entire operation, including administrative,
manufacturing and engineering facilities, is located in Saratoga Springs, New York. 

The Saratoga Springs plant, which the Company
owns, consists of various adjoining buildings on a 22 acre site, approximately eight acres of which is unimproved. The property is not
subject to mortgage indebtedness or any other material encumbrance. The plant has a sprinkler system throughout and contains approximately
151,000 square feet of floor space, of which 90,000 is used for manufacturing, 24,000 for engineering,
33,000 for shipping and climatically secured storage, and 4,000 for offices. The offices, engineering and some manufacturing areas are
air-conditioned. In addition to assembly and wiring operations, the plant includes facilities for varnishing, potting, impregnation and
spray-painting operations. The manufacturing operation also includes a complete machine shop, with welding and sheet metal fabrication
facilities adequate for substantially all of the Company's current operations. Besides normal test equipment, the Company maintains a
sophisticated on-site environmental test facility. In addition to meeting all of the Company's in-house needs, the machine shop and environmental
facilities are available to other companies on a contract basis. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are party to various litigation matters
and claims arising from time to time in the ordinary course of business. While the results of such matters cannot be predicted
with certainty, we believe that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. Currently, there are no matters pending. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

5 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities 

Price Range of Common Stock 

The table below shows the range of high and
low prices for the Company's common stock on the NYSE American (symbol "ESP"), the principal market for trading in the common
stock, for each quarterly period for the last two fiscal years ended June 30: 

2023 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 15.54 
 13.05 
 
 Second Quarter 
 14.49 
 13.02 
 
 Third Quarter 
 20.59 
 14.17 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 22.96 
 15.81 

2022 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 15.40 
 13.72 
 
 Second Quarter 
 16.57 
 12.76 
 
 Third Quarter 
 14.34 
 12.92 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 15.79 
 12.39 

Holders 

The approximate number of holders of record
of the common stock was 58 on September 18, 2023 according to records of the Company's transfer agent. Included in this number are shares
held in "nominee" or "street" name and, therefore, the number of beneficial owners of the common stock is believed
to be substantially in excess of the foregoing number. 

Dividends 

Effective March 13, 2023, the Company reinstated
payment of a quarterly dividend. The Company had suspended dividend payments effective March 9, 2021. The Company paid regular cash dividends
on common stock of 0.20 per share for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and paid no cash dividends for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2022. Our Board of Directors assesses the Company s dividend policy periodically. There is no assurance that the Board of Directors
will maintain the amount of the regular cash dividend during any future years. 

During fiscal year 2023, the Company did not
sell any of its common stock to the Trustees of The Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust (the ESOP ). 

The Company did not make any open market purchases
of equity securities in the fiscal year 2023 fourth quarter. 

The following table sets forth information as
of June 30, 2023 with respect to compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company may be issued. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of securities to 
 Weighted-average 
 Number of Securities remaining 

be issued upon exercise 
 exercise price of 
 available for future issuance under 

of outstanding options, 
 outstanding options, 
 equity compensation plan (excluding 
 
 Plan Category 
 warrants and rights 
 warrants and rights 
 securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 296,331 
 19.15 
 154,169 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 296,331 
 
 154,169 

6 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Business Outlook 

Management expects revenues in fiscal year 2024 to
be higher than revenues during fiscal year 2023 and expects net income per share to be higher in fiscal 2024 as compared to the net income
per share realized during fiscal year 2023. 

We successfully navigated through many of the
issues which constrained our ability to recognize revenue in fiscal 2023 related to select engineering design contracts and build to
print contracts which relied upon customer-owned designs to execute. While supply chain disruptions, including extended lead times
and part obsolescence, continue to affect our production, we are better able to manage these factors and adequately factor lead
times into internal planning schedules and new customer quotations. Inflationary costs are expected to continue but are not expected
to have a significant impact on operating income in fiscal year 2024. Successful conversion of engineering program backlog into
sales is largely dependent on the execution and completion of our engineering design efforts. It is not uncommon to experience
technical or scheduling delays which arise from time to time as a result of, among other reasons, design complexity, the
availability of personnel with the requisite expertise, and the requirements to obtain customer approval at various
milestones. Cost overruns which may arise from technical and schedule delays and increased raw material costs could negatively
impact the timing of the conversion of backlog into sales, or the profitability of such sales. Engineering programs in both the
funded and unfunded portions of the current backlog aggregate 8.4 million. 

We made significant improvement in filling many
of our open positions in the second half of the year. The labor workforce remains stable. Management continues to closely monitor
workforce labor requirements to support our sales backlog and planned delivery schedules. Longer time-to-hire challenges remain for
certain positions due to specific skillsets required for those positions and the fact fewer workers, in general, are seeking
employment. Unemployment rates in the local geographic region are lower than the national average. Where possible, the Company
continues to offer on-the-job training and when necessary continues to recruit personnel outside the local region. Combined with
supply chain constraints, future unforeseen labor disruptions could delay shipments and result in missing our backlog fulfillment
projections and recognizing lower operating income. 

The Company currently expects new orders in fiscal
2024 to be greater than those received in fiscal year 2023. As market factors including competition and product costs impact gross profit
margins, management will continue to evaluate our sales strategy, employment levels, and facility costs. 

During fiscal year 2023, the Company received approximately
 42.4 million in new orders. Our total backlog at June 30, 2023 was approximately 83.6 million, as compared to approximately 76.8 million
at June 30, 2022. Currently, we expect a minimum of 39.5 million of orders comprising the June 30, 2023 backlog will be filled during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024. This 39.5 million will be supplemented by shipments which may be made against orders received
during the 2024 fiscal year. In addition to the backlog, the Company currently has outstanding opportunities representing in excess of
 69 million in the aggregate as of August 31, 2023, for both repeat and new programs. The outstanding quotations encompass various new
and previously manufactured power supplies, transformers, and subassemblies. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will
acquire any of the anticipated orders described above, many of which are subject to allocations of the United States defense spending
and factors affecting the defense industry. 

Our sales strategy includes identifying and obtaining
multiple new engineering design and development contracts in any given fiscal year to ensure optimal utilization of our engineering personnel
in addition to securing follow-on production awards for product previously designed in-house, as well as, build to print opportunities.
The Company targets those programs and opportunities which will generate future longer-term production tails in ensuing years. From time to time, we accept work associated with engineering design studies. While unlikely to result in near-term follow-on orders,
this positions us competitively on future awards and expands our engineering team's skillset. 

Management continues to pursue opportunities with
current and new customers with an overall objective of lowering the concentration of sales, mitigating excessive reliance upon a single
major product of a particular program and minimizing the impact of the loss of a single significant customer. Given the nature of our
business, we believe our existing sales order backlog is fairly diversified in terms of customers and the category of products on order.

7 

Management, along with the Board of Directors,
continues to evaluate the need and use of the Company s working capital. Capital expenditures, primarily for machinery and
equipment and facility upgrades are not expected to exceed 300,000 for fiscal year 2024. A majority of these expenditures will be
made to stay competitive in the marketplace and to meet the needs of current contracts. In addition, the Company is expected to
spend an amount, not to exceed 7.1 million, towards a facility and capital equipment upgrade under an award issued to us by the
United States Navy. Incurred spending is reimbursable through a milestone plan. The Company is expected to have an initial
cash outlay to satisfy income tax obligations arising from the value of the award. Expectations are that the working capital will be
required to fund orders, general operations of the business and dividend payments when applicable. Management along with the Legal
Affairs, Strategic Planning, and M A Committee of the Board of Directors will examine opportunities involving acquisitions or
other strategic options, including buying certain products or product lines, provided that such opportunities demonstrate synergies
with the Company s existing product base and accretion to earnings. 

Results of Operations 

Net sales for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022
were 35,592,323 and 32,104,774, respectively, an approximate 10.9 increase. In general, sales fluctuations within product categories
will occur during a comparable fiscal period as the direct result of product mix, influenced by the duration of specific programs and
the contractual terms of firm orders placed for product and services under those programs including contract value, scope of work and
duration. Deliverables within firm contracts are often subject to delivery schedules which also contributes to sales fluctuations between
comparable periods. The increase in net sales in fiscal year 2023 is primarily due to an increase in shipments on contracts related to
a family of power distribution transformers for a single customer when compared to sales recognized in the prior year. Sales in the current
year increased on multiple new and repeat contracts which had no or significantly fewer comparable sales in the same period last year,
primarily related to build to print contracts and, to a lesser extent, magnetic and power supply deliverables. In addition, sales
increased in the current year from a large production contract for a power supply previously designed by the Company which had no comparable
sales in the prior period and from greater sales on a large engineering design and production contract which had significantly fewer
sales in the prior year. These increases were offset, in part, by decreases in sales, between the comparable periods, due to contract
completion, timing of contractual delivery schedules and certain programs impeded by longer material lead times. 

Gross profits for the twelve months ended June 30,
2023 and 2022 were 8,050,538 and 5,472,158, respectively. Gross profit as a percentage of sales was 22.6 and 17.0 , for the same periods,
respectively. The primary factors in determining the change in gross profit and net income are overall sales levels and product mix.
The gross profits on mature products and build to print contracts are typically higher as compared to products which are still in the
engineering development stage or in early stages of production. In the case of the latter, the Company can incur what it refers to as
 loss contracts, primarily on engineering design contracts in which the Company invests with the objective of developing
future product sales. In any given accounting period, the mix of product shipments between higher margin programs and less mature programs,
and expenditures associated with loss contracts, has a significant impact on gross profit and net income. 

The improvement in gross profit for the twelve months
ended June 30, 2023 when compared to the same period last year resulted from an increase in sales and a higher overall gross profit percentage
comprising those shipments which was influenced by product mix. In the current period, gross profit was favorably impacted from higher
sales and improved margins on a specific magnetics contract and certain build to print contracts, resulting from manufacturing improvements.
The current period gross profit was negatively impacted by significant costs incurred on a certain fixed-priced engineering design contract
for a power supply due to the ongoing unforeseen complexity of the design and the identification of additional costs due to the unavailability
of mil-spec rated parts in the marketplace resulting from part obsolescence or exceptionally long lead times. The prior year gross profit
was negatively impacted by certain programs which had higher sales in the prior year and contributed less to gross profit as the result
of cost overruns when compared to the same period this year. These cost overruns included labor from both production and engineering
efforts made and the impact of inflationary pricing on materials for certain fixed-price contracts. In addition, to a lesser extent,
specific to the prior year, gross profit was negatively impacted by the expensing of remaining development costs formerly capitalized
in inventory on a specific engineering design program in which our customer had delayed unit qualification testing and for which production
units were not expected to be manufactured in the near term. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were
 3,750,524 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023; a decrease of 192,467 compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Lower costs
were incurred for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023, comparably, as the prior year spending included specific non-recurring costs
attributed to a change in senior management. In addition, fewer costs were incurred in the current period when compared to the prior period
resulting from a decrease in board of directors fees due to a reduction of two non-employee directors and lower professional recruiting
costs incurred. The decreases in the current period were offset, in part, by increases in conference and training expenditures incurred. 

Other income for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023
and 2022 was 406,453 and 63,914, respectively. The increase is primarily due to the increase in interest income resulting from an increase
in investment securities and an increase in fixed interest rates. Interest income is a function of the level of investments and investment
strategies that generally tend to be conservative. 

8 

The Company s effective tax rate was approximately
21.9 in the fiscal year 2023 and approximately 20.6 in fiscal year 2022. The effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 is greater than the
statutory tax rate mainly due to the permanent difference for incentive stock option expense recorded for book purposes which is not
deductible for tax purposes. In the current year, there was no benefit received from ESOP dividends paid on allocated shares due to the
suspension of the company dividend in place through February 2023. The effective tax rate in fiscal 2022 was less than the statutory
tax rate mainly from the benefit derived from the ESOP dividends paid on allocated shares prior to the dividend suspension. The effective
tax rate in the twelve month period ended June 30, 2023 was higher than the prior year as the direct result of a higher income before
taxes in the current fiscal year offset, in part, by a decreased benefit derived from ESOP dividends paid on allocated shares. 

The Company generated net income for fiscal year
2023 of 3,677,131 or 1.50 and 1.49 per share, basic and diluted, compared to net income of 1,265,127 or 0.52 per share, basic
and diluted, for fiscal year 2022. The increase in net income in the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 compared to the same period
in 2022 is primarily attributable to higher sales, a higher gross profit margin percentage, an increase in other income, and a
decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses, offset in part, by an increase in tax expense, all discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company's working capital is an appropriate
indicator of the liquidity of its business, and during the past two fiscal years, the Company, when possible, has funded all of its operations
with cash flows resulting from operating activities and when necessary from its existing cash and investments. The Company did not borrow
any funds during the last two fiscal years. Management has available a 3,000,000 line of credit to help fund further growth or working
capital needs, if necessary, but does not anticipate the need for any borrowed funds in the foreseeable future. Contingent liabilities
on outstanding standby letters of credit agreements aggregated to zero at June 30, 2023 and 2022. The existing line of credit was extended
and expires February 28, 2024. 

The Company's working capital as of June 30,
2023 and 2022 was approximately 33.2 million and 29.5 million, respectively. The Company may at times be required to repurchase shares
at the ESOP participants request at the fair market value. During the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company did
not repurchase any shares held by the ESOP. Under existing authorizations from the Company's Board of Directors, as of June 30, 2023,
management is authorized to purchase an additional 783,460 of Company stock. 

The table below presents the summary of cash
flow information for the fiscal years indicated: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 3,899,870 
 2,219,687 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (8,765,907 
 (918,339 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (489,268 

Net cash provided by operating activities fluctuates
between periods primarily as a result of differences in sales and net income, provision for income taxes, the timing of the collection
of accounts receivable, purchase of inventory, and payment of accounts payable. The increase in cash provided by operating activities
compared to the prior year primarily relates to the increase in net income and an increase in cash collected from customer advances,
offset, in part, by an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, an increase in inventories, and a decrease in other accrued
expenses. Net cash used in investing activities increased in the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the same period in
2022 primarily due to an increase in investment securities. Cash used in financing activities for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023
relates to dividend payments on common stock. 

The Company currently believes that the
cash flow generated from operations and when necessary, from cash and cash equivalents, will be sufficient to meet its long-term funding
requirements for the foreseeable future. 

During the fiscal years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, the Company expended 512,016 and 303,561, respectively, for plant improvements and new equipment. The Company has budgeted
approximately 300,000 for new equipment and plant improvements in fiscal year 2024. Management anticipates that the funds required will
be available from current operations. A majority of these expenditures will be made to stay competitive in the marketplace and to meet the needs of current contracts. In addition,
the Company is expected to spend an amount, not to exceed 7.1 million, towards a facility and capital equipment upgrade under an award
issued to us by the United States Navy. Incurred spending is reimbursable through a milestone plan. 

Management believes that the Company's
reserve for bad debts of 3,000 is adequate given the customers with whom the Company does business. Historically, bad debt expense has
been minimal. 

9 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm (PCAOB ID 

Financial Statements 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of comprehensive
income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements
(collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation of Inventory Costs Related to Contracts
in Process and Work in Process 

As discussed in Notes 2 and 5 to the financial statements,
inventory relating to contracts in process and work in process is valued at cost, including factory overhead incurred to date. Contract
costs include material, subcontract costs, labor, and an allocation of overhead costs. The costs attributed to units delivered under contracts
are based on the estimated average cost of all units expected to be produced. Certain contracts are expected to extend beyond twelve months. 

The estimation of total cost at completion of a contract
is subject to variables involving contract costs and estimates as to the length of time to complete the contract. Given the significance
of the estimation processes and judgments described above, it is possible that materially different amounts of expected sales and contract
costs could be recorded if different assumptions were used, based on changes in circumstances, in the estimation process. When a change
in expected sales value or estimated cost is determined, changes are reflected in current period earnings . 
Due to the magnitude of the inventory, and the subjectivity involved in estimating the total cost at completion we identified the evaluation
of the estimate to complete as a critical audit matter, which required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

10 

Addressing the matter involved performing subjective
procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. The primary procedures
performed included the following: 

We obtained an understanding of the process and
assumptions used by management to develop estimates to complete including labor, overhead and materials. 

We tested total cost at completion of a contract
by using process employed by management, including: 

o Testing the completeness and accuracy of the source information used; 

o Testing the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations; 

o Reviewing expected gross margin on contracts; 

o Evaluating the reasonableness and consistency of methodology and assumptions applied by management; and 

o Performing a retrospective review of the prior-year estimates used to identify potential bias of management
judgements. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 

September 21, 2023 

11 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

Balance Sheets 

June
30, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment securities 

Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance of 

Income tax receivable 

Inventories: 

Raw materials 

Work-in-process 

Costs related to contracts in process 

Total inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses: 

Salaries and wages 

Vacation 

Other 

Payroll and other taxes withheld 

Contract liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 14) 

Common stock, par value -1/3 per share 

Authorized shares; Issued shares as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. Outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (includes and Unearned ESOP Shares, respectively) 

Capital in excess of par value 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Retained earnings 

Less: Unearned ESOP shares 

Cost of shares of common stock in treasury as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

12 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Years
Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating income 

Other income 

Interest income 

Other 

Total other income 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Unrealized (loss) gain on investment securities 

Total comprehensive income 

Net income per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

13 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Accumulated 

Capital in 
 Other 

Unearned 
 Total 

Outstanding 
 Common 
 Excess of 
 Comprehensive 
 Retained 
 Treasury 
 Treasury 
 ESOP 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Par Value 
 (Loss) Income 
 Earnings 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2021 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax of 

Total comprehensive income 

Stock-based compensation 

Reduction of unearned ESOP shares 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

14 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Accumulated 

Capital in 
 Other 

Unearned 
 Total 

Outstanding 
 Common 
 Excess of 
 Comprehensive 
 Retained 
 Treasury 
 Treasury 
 ESOP 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Par Value 
 Loss 
 Earnings 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax of 

Total comprehensive income 

Stock-based compensation 

Dividends paid on common stock per share 

Reduction of unearned ESOP shares 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

15 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation 

ESOP compensation expense 

Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 

Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in trade accounts receivables 

(Increase) decrease in income tax receivable 

(Increase) decrease in inventories 

Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Decrease in accounts payable 

Increase in accrued salaries and wages 

Increase (decrease) in vacation accrual 

(Decrease) increase in other accrued expenses 

Increase (decrease) in payroll and other taxes withheld 

Increase in contract liabilities 

(Decrease) increase in income taxes payable 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase of investment securities 

Proceeds from sale/maturity of investment securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Dividends paid on common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(Decrease) increase in cash and short term investments 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year 

Supplemental Schedule of Cash Flow Information: 

Income taxes paid net of refunds 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

16 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

17 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued 

years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

18 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued 

at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
Changes to the allowance for doubtful accounts are charged to expense and reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries. 

19 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued 

20 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements 

compared to for the same periods in fiscal year 2022. Total
revenue recognized for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 based on milestones achieved totaled compared to for
the same periods in fiscal year 2022. 

The Company offers a standard one-year product warranty.
Product warranties offered by the Company are classified as assurance-type warranties, which means, the warranty only guarantees that
the good or service functions as promised. Based on this, the provided warranty is not considered to be a distinct performance obligation. 
The impact of variable consideration has been considered but none identified which would result in the adjustment of the transaction price
as of June 30, 2023. Our payment terms are generally 30-60 days. 

Contract liabilities were and 
as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in contract liabilities is primarily due to the advance collection of cash
on specific contracts, offset in part, by revenue recognized. Revenue recognized, that was in contract liabilities in the beginning of
the fiscal year, approximated for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023. The Company used the practical expedient to expense
incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract when the contract term is less than one year. 

The Company s backlog at June 30, 2023 totaling
approximately million is expected, based on expected due dates, to be recognized in the following fiscal years: in 2024; 
in 2025, in 2026 and thereafter. 

Municipal bonds 

U.S. Treasury Bills 

Total investment securities 

21 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 4. Investment Securities, Continued 

Municipal bonds 

Total investment securities 

The portfolio is diversified and highly liquid
and primarily consists of investment grade fixed income instruments. At June 30, 2023, the Company did not have any investments in individual
securities that have been in a continuous loss position considered to be other than temporary. 

June 30, 2022 

Available-for-sale 

Costs related to contracts in process 

Included in costs relating to contracts in
process at June 30, 2023 and 2022 are costs relative to contracts that may not be completed within the ensuing year as contracts vary
in size, scope and duration. Under the units-of-delivery method, the related sale and cost of sales will not be reflected in the statements
of comprehensive income until the units under contract are shipped. 

Building and improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

22 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 6. Property, Plant and Equipment, Continued 

and 
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The Company was awarded million in
funding during the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 in support of facility and capital equipment upgrades for testing and
qualification for the United States Navy. The funding is part of the Navy s investment to improve and sustain the Surface
Combatant Industrial Base. The work will be conducted on Espey s property in Saratoga Springs, NY, with completion slated for
2024. The Company expects to be paid within 30 days after the submission of three milestone invoices, but will not be paid for
expenses incurred in excess of the specified milestone payment limits. The Company expects to have an initial cash outlay to satisfy
income tax obligations arising from the value of the award. Included in building and improvements at June 30, 2023 and 2022 was
 and respectively, for facility and capital upgrades under the funding award. As of September 19, 2023, the first milestone totaling approximately was achieved and reimbursed. The Company expects to record
the receipt of milestones payments received as a reduction from the cost of the assets. 

in fiscal year 2023 and 
in fiscal year 2022. These contributions represent more than five percent of the total contributions made into the Plan. For the
years beginning January 1, 2023 and 2022, the Plan was in the green zone which means it is neither endangered nor
critical status. In addition, the Company is obligated to make contributions to the National Electrical Benefit Fund (NEBF) (Plan
identifying number is 53-0181657). The Plan is a defined pension benefit plan covering eligible union employees. Such
contributions and expenses amounted to in fiscal year 2023 and in
fiscal year 2022. The contribution did not and will not in the future have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements. 

The Company sponsors a 401(k) plan for non-union
workers with employee and employer matching contributions. The employer match is of the employee contribution and was and
 , for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Current tax expense - state 

Deferred tax (benefit) expense 

Provision for income taxes 

Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of
"temporary differences" between the amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and such amounts measured
by tax laws and regulations. These "temporary differences" are determined in accordance with ASC 740-10. 

23 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 8. Provision for Income Taxes, Continued 

of 21.9 and 20.6 , for 2023 and 2022 respectively, differed from the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate for the
following reasons: 

Increase (reduction) in rate resulting from: 

State franchise tax, net of federal income tax benefit 

ESOP cost versus Fair Market Value 

Dividend on allocated ESOP shares 

Stock-based compensation 

Rate Differential on Net Operating Loss Carryback 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022
deferred income tax (benefit) expense of 40,002) and 9,271, respectively, results from the changes in temporary differences for
each year. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to 

ESOP 

Stock-based compensation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liability: 

Property, plant and equipment - principally due to differences in depreciation methods 

Inventory - effect of uniform capitalization 

Prepaid expenses 

Total deferred tax liability 

Net deferred tax liability 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax
assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which
those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projection
for future taxable income over the period in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than
not that the Company will realize the benefits of these temporary differences without consideration of a valuation allowance. 

As the result of the implementation of the FASB
interpretation No. 48 FIN 48 ), Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes An Interpretation of FASB Statement No.
109, the Company recognized no material adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company has no unrecognized
tax benefits. 

24 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 8. Provision for Income Taxes, Continued 

of total sales in 2023. Sales to four domestic
customers accounted for of total sales in 2022. The related accounts receivable balance, as a percentage of the Company's total
trade accounts receivable balance, was represented by five customers at June 30, 2023 and represented by four customers at
June 30, 2022. 

Export sales in fiscal years
2023 and 2022 were approximately and , respectively. 

The Company makes annual contributions to the ESOP equal to the ESOP's debt service less dividends on unallocated shares
received by the ESOP. All dividends on unallocated shares received by the ESOP are used to pay debt service. Dividends on allocated ESOP
shares are recorded as a reduction of retained earnings. As the debt is repaid, shares are released and allocated to active employees,
based on the proportion of debt service paid in the year. The Company accounts for its ESOP in accordance with FASB ASC 718-40. Accordingly,
the shares purchased by the ESOP are reported as Unearned ESOP Shares in the statement of financial position. As shares are released
or committed-to-be-released, the Company reports compensation expense equal to the current average market price of the shares, and the
shares become outstanding for earnings-per-share (EPS) computations. The ESOP borrowed from the Corporation an amount equal to the purchase
price. The loan will be repaid in fifteen (15) equal annual installments of principal commencing June 2021. The Board of
Directors has fixed the interest rate and the unpaid balance will bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum. ESOP compensation
expense was and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Unreleased shares 

Total shares held by the ESOP 

Fair value of unreleased shares 

The Company may at times be required to repurchase
shares at the ESOP participants request at the fair market value. During the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company
did not repurchase shares previously held by the ESOP. 

25 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 10. Employee Stock Ownership Plan, Continued 

shares and shares, respectively. 

and , respectively,
before income taxes. The amount of this stock-based compensation expense related to non-qualified stock options NQSO for
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, was and , respectively. The deferred tax benefit related to the NQSO s
as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 was approximately and , respectively. The remaining stock option expense, in each year, related
to incentive stock options ISO which are not deductible by the corporation when exercised, assuming a qualifying disposition
and as such no deferred tax benefit was established related to these amounts. 

As of June 30, 2023, there was approximately 
of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards that is expected to be recognized as expense over the next years, of
which relates to ISO s and relates to NQSO s. The total deferred tax benefit related the NQSO s in
future years will be . 

The Company has one employee
stock option plan under which options or stock awards may be granted, the 2017 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the
"2017 Plan"), approved by the Company's shareholders at the Company's Annual Meeting on December 1, 2017. The Board of
Directors may grant options to acquire shares of common stock to employees and non-employee directors of the Company at the fair
market value of the common stock on the date of grant. The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock subject to options or
awards to non-employee directors is and the maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock subject to options or awards
granted to non-employee directors during any single fiscal year is the lesser of and of the total number of shares
subject to options or awards granted in such fiscal year. The maximum number of shares subject to options or awards granted to any
individual employee may not exceed in a fiscal year. Generally, options granted have a two-year vesting period based on of continuous service and have a ten-year contractual life. Option grants provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change
in control. Shares issued upon the exercise of options are from those held in Treasury. Options covering shares are
authorized for issuance under the 2017 Plan. As of June 30, 2023, options covering shares have been granted, of which
 are outstanding, and shares have been cancelled. As of June 30, 2023, option covering shares remain
available for grant, after factoring the cancelled shares, which are eligible to be re-granted. While no further grants of options
may be made under the Company s 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, as of June 30, 2023, options were
outstanding under such plan of which all are vested and exercisable. 

ASC 718 requires the use of a valuation model
to calculate the fair value of stock-based awards. The Company has elected to use the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which incorporates
various assumptions including those for volatility, expected life, and interest rates. 

26 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 11. Stock-based Compensation, Continued 

Expected stock price volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected option life (in years) 
 yrs 
 yrs 
 
 Weighted average fair value per share of options granted during the period 

Effective March 13, 2023, the Company reinstated
payment of a quarterly dividend. The Company paid regular cash dividends on common stock of per share for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023 and paid no cash dividends for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Expected stock price volatility is based on
the historical volatility of the Company s stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S.
Treasury issues with an equivalent term approximating the expected life of the options. The expected option term (in years)
represents the estimated period of time until exercise and is based on actual historical experience. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Vested or expected to vest at June 30, 2023 

Exercisable at June 30, 2023 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table
above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the closing sale price of the Company s common stock
as reported on the NYSE American on June 30, 2023 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would
have been received by the option holders if all option holders had exercised their options on June 30, 2023. This amount changes based
on the fair market value of the Company s common stock. The total intrinsic values of the options exercised during the twelve months
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was . 

27 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 11. Stock-based Compensation, Continued 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited or expired 

Non-Vested at June 30, 2023 

represented by customers at June 30, 2023 and 
represented by customers at June 30, 2022. 

Although the Company's exposure to credit risk
associated with nonpayment of these concentrated balances is affected by the conditions or occurrences within the U.S. and foreign governments,
the Company believes that its trade accounts receivable credit risk exposure is limited. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations
of its customer's financial conditions and requires collateral, such as progress payments, in certain circumstances. The Company establishes
an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends and other information. 

at
June 30, 2023 and 2022. The Company, as a U.S. Government contractor, is subject to audits, reviews, and investigations by the U.S.
Government related to its negotiation and performance of government contracts and its accounting for such contracts. Failure to
comply with applicable U.S. Government standards by a contractor may result in suspension from eligibility for award of any new
government contract and a guilty plea or conviction may result in debarment from eligibility
for awards. The government may, in certain cases, also terminate existing contracts, recover damages, and impose other sanctions and penalties.
As a result of contract audits the Company will determine a range of possible outcomes and in accordance with ASC 450 Contingencies 
the Company will accrue amounts within a range that appears to be its best estimate of a possible outcome. Adjustments are made to accruals,
if any, periodically based on current information. 

28 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies, Continued 

Stock options available for issuance 

Number of common shares reserved 

Denominator: 

Basic EPS: 

Common shares outstanding, beginning of period 

Common shares issued to ESOP during the period 

Unearned ESOP shares 

Weighted average common shares issued during the period 

Weighted average common shares purchased during the period 

Weighted average ESOP shares earned during the period 

Denominator for basic earnings per common shares Weighted average common shares 

Diluted EPS: 

Common shares outstanding, beginning of period 

Common shares issued to ESOP during the period 

Unearned ESOP shares 

Weighted average common shares issued during the period 

Weighted average common shares purchased during the period 

Weighted average ESOP shares earned during the period 

Weighted average dilutive effect of stock options 

Denominator for diluted earnings per common shares Weighted average common shares 

29 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Notes to Financial Statements Note 15. Stockholders' Equity, Continued 

and shares, respectively, of the Company s
common stock. These options were excluded because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive due to the average strike price exceeding
the average market price of those shares. 

Effective March 13, 2023, the
Company reinstated payment of a quarterly dividend. The Company paid regular cash dividends on common stock of per share for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and paid no cash dividends for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Our Board of Directors assesses the
Company s dividend policy periodically. There is no assurance that the Board of Directors will maintain the amount of the regular
cash dividend during any future years. 

. The line
provides for interest payments equal to the BSBY Daily Floating Rate plus percentage points. Any borrowing under the line of credit
will be collateralized by accounts receivable. All outstanding balances are payable no later than the expiration date of the agreement,
unless other terms are agreed to by the lender. The existing line of credit expires February 28, 2024. The Company did not borrow any
funds during the last two fiscal years. 

Gross profit 

Net income 

Net income per share - 

Basic 

Diluted 

2022 

Net sales 

Gross profit 

Net income 

Net income per share - 

Basic 

Diluted 

30 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Controls and Procedures 

(a) The Company's management, with the participation
of the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

(b) There have been no changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management of our Company is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as that term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on our evaluation using the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our report was not subject to attestation
by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this
annual report. 

Item 9B. Other information 

None 

PART III 

The information called for by "Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance", "Item 11. Executive Compensation", "Item 12. Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters", "Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence" and "Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services", is hereby incorporated by reference to
the Company's Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders, (scheduled to be held on December 1, 2023) to be filed with the
SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules,
Signatures 

3.1 
 Certificate
 of incorporation and all amendments thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Espey s
 Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended June 30, 2004 and Report
 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December
 31, 2004) 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated
 By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.2 to Espey s Report on Form 8-K dated
 September 21, 2020) 

4.1 
 Description of Capital
 Stock incorporated by reference
 to Espey's Report on Form 8-K dated October 7, 2005 

10.3 
 2007 Stock Option and
 Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Espey s Proxy Statement dated October
 23, 2007 for the November 30, 2007 Annual Meeting 

10.4 
 2017 Stock Option and
 Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Espey s Proxy Statement dated October 27, 2017 for the December 1, 2017 Annual Meeting) 

10.13 
 Executive Employment Agreement with David O Neil (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.13 on Espey s
 Report on Form 8 K dated January 1, 2022) 

10.14 
 Executive Employment
 Agreement with Peggy Murphy (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.14 on Espey s
 Report on Form 10 Q dated February 14, 2022) 

10.16 
 Employment Agreement dated
 January 16, 2018 with Patrick Enright, Jr. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.16 on Espey s Report on Form 8-K dated January
 16, 2018 

10.16a 
 First Amendment to Employment
 Agreement dated January 16, 2018 with Patrick Enright, Jr. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.16 on Espey s Report on Form 8-K dated October 12, 2021 

10.18 
 Stock Purchase Agreement
 dated as of December 1, 2020 between Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. and The Trustees of the Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp.
 Employee Retirement Plan Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 on Espey s Report on Form 8-K dated December 1,
 2020) 

10.19 
 ESOP Loan Agreement
 dated as of December 1, 2020 between The Trustees of Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. Employee Retirement Plan Trust and Espey
 Mfg. Electronics Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 on Espey s Report on Form 8-K dated December 1, 2020) 

10.20 
 Executive Employment Agreement with Katrina L. Sparano (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.20 on Espey s
 Report on Form 8 K dated January 1, 2022) 

14.1 
 Code of ethics (incorporated
 by reference to Espey s website www.espey.com) 

23.1 
 Consent of Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C. (filed herewith) 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

32 

32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

32.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

33 

S I G N A T U R E S 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 and 15 (d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ESPEY MFG. ELECTRONICS CORP. 

/s/ David O Neil 

David O Neil 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

September 21, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

/s/David O Neil 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 David O'Neil 
 
 September 21, 2023 

/s/Katrina Sparano 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
 Katrina Sparano 
 
 September 21, 2023 

/s/Carl Helmetag 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Carl Helmetag 
 
 September 21, 2023 

/s/Paul J. Corr 
 
 Director 
 
 Paul J. Corr 
 
 September 21, 2023 

/s/Nancy Patzwahl 
 
 Director 
 
 Nancy Patzwahl 
 
 September 21, 2023 

/s/Michael W. Wool 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael W. Wool 
 
 September 21, 2023 

34 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

 ESPEY MFG. ELECTRONICS CORP. 

 Consent of Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C. 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp. 

 Saratoga Springs, New York 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-148678, and 333-221891) pertaining to the 2007 and 2017 Stock Option Plans of Espey
Mfg. Electronics Corp. of our report dated September 21, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of Espey Mfg. Electronics
Corp. included in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended June 30, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 /s/Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C. 

 Buffalo, New York 

 September 21, 2023 

35 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 
31.1 

 Certification of the
Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Rules
13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 

 as adopted pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, David O Neil, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 21, 2023 

/s/David O Neil 

David O Neil 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

36 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 
31.2 

 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 

 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Katrina Sparano, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Espey Mfg. Electronics Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 21, 2023 

/s/Katrina Sparano 

Katrina Sparano 

Principal Financial Officer 

37 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 
32.1 

 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with this annual report of Espey Mfg.
 Electronics Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the report ), I, David O Neil, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: September 21, 2023 

/s/David O Neil 

David O Neil 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

38 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with this annual report of Espey Mfg.
 Electronics Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the report ), I, Katrina Sparano, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: September 21, 2023 

/s/Katrina Sparano 

Katrina Sparano 

Principal Financial Officer 

39 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 esp-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 esp-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 esp-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 esp-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 esp-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

